<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230306_10-K_edgar_data_1089872_0000950170-23-006277.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10792843</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>166670</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1426268</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4797274</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1721802</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2445961</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-006277.hdr.sgml : 20230306
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230306164623
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-006277
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230306
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230306

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GAIA, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001089872
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MOTION PICTURE & VIDEO TAPE PRODUCTION [7812]
		IRS NUMBER:				841113527
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27517
		FILM NUMBER:		23709549

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		833 WEST BOULDER ROAD
		STREET 2:		BLDG G
		CITY:			LOUISVILLE
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80027-2452
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3032223330

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		833 WEST BOULDER ROAD
		STREET 2:		BLDG G
		CITY:			LOUISVILLE
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80027-2452

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GAIAM, INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080519

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GAIAM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990701

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-006277.txt : 20230306

10-K
 1
 gaia-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

6 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 Commission File Number 
 
 Gaia 
 . 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b) . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of Class A common stock on The NASDAQ Stock Market on June 30, 2022, was . The registrant does not have non-voting common equity. 
 The number of shares of each of the Registrant s classes of common stock outstanding as of February 21, 2023 was shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

GAIA, INC. 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 INDEX 

Page Number 

PART I 
 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 6 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 16 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 16 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 17 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 17 

PART II 
 
 17 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 17 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 
 18 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 19 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 25 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 26 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 48 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 48 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 49 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 49 

PART III 
 
 49 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 49 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 49 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 49 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 49 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 49 

PART IV 
 
 50 

Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 50 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 51 

SIGNATURES 
 
 52 

PAR T I 
 Item 1. B usiness 
 Our Business 
 Gaia, Inc. Gaia, we or us operates a global digital video subscription service and on-line community that caters to a unique and underserved member base. Our digital content library includes over 10,000 titles, with a growing selection of titles available in Spanish, German and French. Our members have unlimited access to this vast library of inspiring films, cutting edge documentaries, interviews, yoga classes, transformation-related content and more 88 of which is exclusively available to our members for digital streaming on most internet-connected devices anytime, anywhere, commercial free. 
 Our mission is to create a transformational network that empowers a global conscious community. Content on our network is currently organized into four primary channels Yoga, Transformation, Alternative Healing, and Seeking Truth and delivered directly to our members through our streaming platform. We curate programming for these channels by producing content in our in-house production studios with a staff of media professionals. This produced and owned content currently comprises approximately 75 of our members' viewing time. We complement our produced and owned content through long term licensing agreements. 
 Our Content Channels 
 From the beginning, we have focused on establishing exclusive rights to unique content through in-house productions, licensing and strategic content acquisitions. Today, our network includes the following channels: 
 Yoga Through our Yoga channel, our members enjoy unlimited access to streaming yoga, Eastern arts, and other movement-based classes. Currently, we are one of the world s largest providers of streaming yoga classes. Blending ancient philosophy with anytime, anywhere access through modern technology, our classes on Eastern arts like T ai Chi, Qigong, Ayurveda and more encourage the holistic integration of body, mind and spirit. 
 Transformation Through our Transformation channel, we feature a wealth of content in the niche areas of spiritual growth, personal development and expanded consciousness. Our original and licensed content empowers members to live stronger, healthier, more productive and enlightened lives. 
 Alternative Healing Our Alternative Healing channel features content focused on food and nutrition, holistic healing, alternative and integrative medicines, and longevity. Blending modern science with cutting edge research around neuroplasticity, energy healing, aging, and wellness, this channel fuels our members pursuit of optimal health. 
 Seeking Truth As an alternative to mainstream media, our Seeking Truth channel provides new and enlightening perspectives for today s changing world. Through thought-provoking questions like who are we , and topics that include ancient wisdom and metaphysics, we go beyond the boundaries of mainstream media, and encourage our viewers to find empowerment through knowledge and awareness. Through this channel, our members have access to top names in the genre who conduct exclusive interviews and presentations not found anywhere else. 
 The Streaming Video Market and Gaia 
 Consumption of streaming video is expanding rapidly as more and more people augment their use of, or replace broadcast television with, streaming video to watch their favorite content on a growing array of digital streaming services. The streaming video market includes various free, ad-supported and subscription service offerings focused on various genres, including films, broadcast and original series, fitness and educational content. 
 Gaia s position in the streaming video landscape is firmly supported by its wide variety of exclusive and unique content, which provides a complementary offering to other, mostly entertainment-based, streaming video services. Our original content is developed and produced in-house in our production studios near Boulder, Colorado. Over 88 of our content is available for streaming exclusively on Gaia to most internet-connected devices. By offering 
 1 

exclusive and unique content over a streaming service, we believe we will be able to significantly expand our target member base. Gaia believes the current size of our potential target market represents approximately 15 of internet users that currently pay for a subscription streaming video service. 
 Competitive Strengths 
 We believe that we differentiate ourselves from our competition and have been able to grow our business through the following demonstrated competitive strengths: 
 Exclusive Content and Ubiquitous Access We have amassed a library of unique content for which we hold exclusive worldwide streaming distribution rights and have established exclusive relationships with certain key talent in our areas of focus. Over 88 of our titles are available to our members for streaming on most internet-connected devices exclusively on Gaia. 
 Proprietary and Curated Content Proprietary and curated content lies at the core of our business model. Our media offerings introduce members to us and help establish Gaia as an authority in the conscious media market. Our in-house produced and owned content comprises approximately 75 of our members viewing time. Our licensed content has initial terms ranging predominately from 3 to 10 years. With the growth in demand for digital rights, we expect that our large library of produced and acquired content combined with our internal production capabilities will be a key driver in our ability to grow efficiently and act as a hedge against the rising costs of digital rights. 
 International Rights The strength of our proprietary content library created by our original content production strategy and our unique approach to content licensing have provided us with a library of niche content to which we hold exclusive worldwide distribution rights that we believe would be difficult to acquire in today s market. By obtaining these rights, we have created a meaningful barrier to entry for competitors in our content niches and have given ourselves the potential to reach a worldwide member base with no additional licensing costs. Over 98 of our titles are available worldwide. 
 Unique Member Base We believe that our unique and exclusive content allows us to cater to a member base that traditional media companies have mostly ignored. We believe this member base can be significantly expanded as more and more people enter our niche categories and begin accessing streaming content over the internet. 
 Unique Content Strength We believe that our unique focus, combined with our content exclusivity, positions us as a complementary service to larger streaming video providers who are primarily entertainment driven. In addition, this focus has allowed an opportunity for significant advantages: 
 Yoga We continue to build on our yoga heritage by expanding the teachers and styles in our vast content library. We understand yoga is more than just a physical practice and have a variety of content focused on the lifestyle and philosophy of yoga, which helps set us apart from other yoga streaming providers. 

Transformation We bring a unique focus to an otherwise crowded field. This channel empowers members through programs about meditation to expand consciousness, develop and understand spirituality in a modern world, and includes other shows on conscious topics that puts Gaia in the center of a rapidly growing market. 

Alternative Healing We offer depth and breadth of content on emerging topics including neuroplasticity, alternative and integrative medicines, holistic healing and longevity. Included in this channel are hundreds of recipes to help our members put their new knowledge into practice in the kitchen. 

Seeking Truth We offer category-leading talent that enables us to draw the most popular and authentic speakers, authors and experts in the alternative media world. 

2 

Growth Drivers 
 Our core strategy is to grow our subscription business domestically and internationally using the following drivers: 
 Investment in Streaming Content We believe that our investment in streaming content leads to more awareness and viewership of our unique content. This leads to member acquisition and revenue growth, allowing us to invest more into our content library and enabling the growth cycle to continue. By investing in our in-house studios, digital asset management system and digital delivery platforms, we can produce and distribute new digital content at low incremental costs. With our end-to-end production capabilities and unique, exclusive relationships with thought leaders in our areas of focus, we believe we can develop content much more efficiently than our competitors. 
 Continuous Service Improvements We have found that incremental improvements in our service and quality enhance our member satisfaction and retention. We have built our platform to optimize the speed and performance of streaming video playback, provide a unique and customized site experience for every member and provide the foundation for our expansion into foreign languages. We continue to refine our technology, user interfaces, recommendation algorithms and delivery infrastructure to improve the member experience as the underlying technology continues to evolve. 
 Overall Adoption and Growth of Internet TV on Every Screen Domestically, cable TV members have been declining, while the demand for digital content services accessible on various devices has continued to grow. Gaia is accessible on a broad array of devices, including, but not limited to: Apple TV, iPad, iPhone, Android devices, Roku, Amazon Fire, select smart TVs, and Chromecast. Through this accessibility, we believe that we enhance the value of our service to members as well as position ourselves for continued growth as internet and mobile delivery of content continues to become the preferred method for more consumers globally. 
 International Market Expansion We believe the international streaming segment represents a significant long-term growth opportunity as people around the world begin to adopt the viewing behaviors of the U.S. market. Our exclusive worldwide streaming rights have allowed us to expand internationally by adding foreign language support to our service without having to invest in local foreign operations. Today, approximately 47 of our members are outside of the United States. 
 Events+ Premium Membership and GaiaSphere In 2019, we held our inaugural event at the GaiaSphere, a 300-person live event studio located on our campus in Colorado. With the opening of the GaiaSphere, we also launched the Events+ premium annual membership to allow for digital access to these exclusive events via live streaming and on demand. Through GaiaSphere and the Events+ premium offering, we have expanded our reach to a larger audience of talent that will contribute to our content library, as well as drive incremental revenue growth. Our Events+ offering consists of on-demand access to past events and the ability to participate via live streaming while events are happening. 
 
 3 

Member Driven Growth Enablement We believe the empowerment of our existing members to drive awareness of and interest in Gaia will be a key driver of future growth and engagement of the Gaia global community. To support this awareness, we allow existing members the ability to share Gaia content with their connections free of charge over a limited time window. This product feature allows us to leverage our existing members desire to share our content to ultimately drive more interest and awareness, which will lead to member growth that is not wholly dependent on marketing expenditures. In November 2022, we launched the ability for existing members to give the gift of Gaia allowing us to further expand our member base through existing members. 
 Complement our Existing Business with Selective Strategic Acquisitions Our growth strategy is not dependent on acquisitions. However, we will consider strategic acquisitions that complement our existing business, increase our content library, expand our geographical reach and add to our member base. We will focus on companies with unique media content, a strong brand identity and members that augment our existing member base. 
 Marketing 
 We build awareness and demand for the Gaia brand through various channels focusing on mobile and video. Organic search, paid search, digital and social media, email marketing, ambassador marketing, as well as various strategic partnerships make up our continually optimized portfolio of member acquisition and retention tools. Rejoining members are an important source of member additions, many of which come back to Gaia after receiving special communications via email or seeing our digital advertising for new content. 
 History 
 Incorporated under the laws of the State of Colorado on July 7, 1988, Gaia started as a conscious media and products company distributing conscious and non-theatrical media. 
 In October 2012, we launched our streaming video service and focused our efforts on growing domestically and internationally by expanding our streaming content, enhancing our user interface and extending our streaming content to even more internet-connected devices. In 2016, we divested all of our non-streaming businesses and focused on scaling our streaming video service. Since then we have launched Spanish, German and French language offerings. We have continued to invest in our international offerings, including original programming in these languages. 
 In 2019, we further expanded the alternative healing content available to our members and expanded our presence and member base in this growing area of interest through our acquisition of Food Matters TV. 
 In December 2021, through our acquisition of Yoga International, we expanded our ability to serve yoga focused consumers with a stand-alone yoga offering and the addition of unique content focused on the lifestyle and philosophy of yoga. 
 These investments in our subscription business have been instrumental in our ability to grow by expanding our streaming video on demand capabilities and increasing our library of unique content of transformational media, intended to awaken and inspire viewers around the world. 
 
 4 

Business Segments 
 We operate in a single reporting segment. Our revenues are primarily derived from subscription fees for services related to streaming content to our members. See Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies Segment Information , and Note 15, Segment Information and Geographic Information , in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements for further detail. 
 Regulatory Matters 
 The media landscape and the internet delivery of content have seen growing regulatory action. Historically, media has been highly regulated in many countries. We are seeing some of these legacy regulatory frameworks be updated and expanded to address services like ours. In particular, we are seeing some countries update their cultural support legislation to include services like Gaia. This includes content quotas, levies and investment obligations. In certain countries, regulators are also looking at restrictions that could require formal reviews of and/or adjustments to content that appears on our service in their country. In general these regulations impact all services and may make operating in certain jurisdictions more expensive or restrictive as to the content offering we may provide. 
 Competition 
 While our content offering is unique, the market for subscription-based content delivered over the internet is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. Many consumers maintain simultaneous relationships with multiple providers and can easily shift spending from one provider to another. We are a focused provider within the streaming video market that is able to compete by providing exclusive content available on almost any device. Our principal competitors vary by world geographic region and include multichannel video programming distributors and internet-based movie and TV content providers, including those that provide legal and illegal (pirated) streaming video content. We believe that due to the exclusivity of our content, we are positioning ourselves as a complementary service to large general content providers such as television broadcasters, cable television channels, and an array of other entertainment based streaming services, including those that have recently launched. 
 Seasonality 
 Our member base reflects seasonal variations driven primarily by periods when consumers typically spend more time indoors and, as a result, tend to increase their viewing, similar to those of traditional TV and cable networks. The effects of the global pandemic have shifted our historical pattern over the past three years, but we have historically experienced the greatest member growth in the fourth and first quarters (October through February), and slowest during May through August. This has historically driven quarterly variations in our spending on member acquisition efforts and the number of net new subscribers we add each quarter but does not result in a corresponding seasonality in net revenue. As the world emerges from the effects of the pandemic, we expect these seasonal trends to return. As we continue to expand internationally, we also expect regional seasonality trends to demonstrate more predictable seasonal patterns as our service offering in each market becomes more established and we have a longer history to assess such patterns. 
 Human Capital 
 We view our employees and our culture as keys to our success. As of February 28, 2023, Gaia had approximately 111 full time employees, all of which are located in the United States. None of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We supplement our full-time employees, with services provided by staffing organizations in other countries to support our customer service, content production and software engineering needs. We believe a critical component of our success is our company culture, which begins with focusing our hiring on our current member base. The majority of our current employees came to work at Gaia after discovering our content offering and being passionate members that have been called to join our team to help expand the impact of our mission globally. 
 Intellectual Property and Other Proprietary Rights 
 We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, domain names, trade secrets, proprietary technologies and similar intellectual property as important to our success. We use a combination of trademark, copyright and trade secret laws and confidentiality agreements to protect our proprietary intellectual property. Our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights is subject to certain risks, and from time to time we encounter disputes over 
 5 

rights and obligations concerning intellectual property. We cannot provide assurance that we will prevail in any intellectual property disputes. 
 Website and Available Information 
 Our corporate website www.gaia.com provides information about us, our history, goals and philosophy, as well as certain financial reports and corporate press releases. Our www.gaia.com website also features a library of information and articles on personal development and healthy lifestyles, along with an extensive offering of video content. We believe our website provides us with an opportunity to deepen our relationships with our members and investors, educate them on a variety of issues, and improve our service. As part of this commitment, we have a link on our corporate website to our Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including our reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K and amendments thereto. We make those reports available through our website, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after these reports are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 We have included our website address only as inactive textual reference, and the information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. 
 Item 1A. Risk F actors 
 We caution that there are risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to be materially different from those indicated by forward looking statements that we make from time to time in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, news releases, reports, communications to shareholders and other written and oral communications. These risks and uncertainties include those risks described below of which we are presently aware. Historical results are not necessarily an indication of future results. The risk factors below discuss important factors that could cause our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows to be materially adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to our Business and Industry 
 If our efforts to attract and retain members are not successful, our business will be adversely affected. 
 We have experienced significant member growth since we began our digital subscription business in 2013. Our ability to continue to attract members will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide our members with a valuable and quality streaming experience. Furthermore, the relative service levels, content offerings, pricing and related features of our competitors may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain members. We compete for screen viewing time with multichannel video programming distributors providing free-on-demand content through authenticated internet applications, internet-based movie and TV content providers, including both those that provide legal and illegal (or pirated) streaming video content, and streaming video retail stores, video game providers, as well as user-generated content and, more broadly, other sources of entertainment among others. If consumers do not perceive our service offering to be of value, or if we introduce new or adjust existing features or change the mix of content in a manner that is not favorably received by them, we may not be able to attract and retain members. Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, may also adversely impact our ability to attract and retain members. 
 In addition, many of our members originate from word-of-mouth advertising from existing members. If our efforts to satisfy our existing members are not successful, we may not be able to attract new members, and as a result, our ability to maintain and/or grow our business will be adversely affected. Members cancel our service for many reasons, including a perception that they do not use the service sufficiently, the need to cut household expenses, unsatisfactory availability of content, competitive services providing a better value or experience and customer service issues not satisfactorily resolved. We must continually add new members both to replace members who cancel and to grow our business beyond our current member base. If too many of our members cancel our service, or if we are unable to attract new members in numbers sufficient to sustain and grow our business, our operating results will be adversely affected. If we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors in both retaining our existing members and attracting new members, our business will be adversely affected. Further, if excessive numbers of members cancel our service, we may be required to incur significantly higher marketing expenditures than we currently anticipate in order to replace these members with new members. 
 6 

If we are unable to compete effectively, our business will be adversely affected. 
 The market for streaming content is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. New technologies and evolving business models for delivery of streaming content continue to develop at a fast pace. Through new and existing distribution channels, consumers are afforded various means for consuming streaming content. The various economic models underlying these differing means of streaming content delivery include subscription, transactional, ad-supported and piracy-based models. All of these have the potential to capture meaningful segments of the streaming content market. Several competitors have longer operating histories, larger customer bases, and stronger brand recognition than we do and have significant financial, marketing and other resources. They may secure better terms from suppliers, adopt more aggressive pricing and devote more resources to technology and marketing. New entrants may enter the market with unique service offerings or approaches to providing streaming content and other companies also may enter into business combinations or alliances that strengthen their competitive positions. If we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors, programs and technologies, our business will be adversely affected, and we may not be able to increase market share and revenues, and achieve profitability. 
 We have had operating losses, and we cannot assure future profitability. 
 We reported net loss of 3.1 million in 2022 compared to net income of 3.7 million in 2021. Additionally, we reported net losses during several prior years as a result of continued investment in member acquisition efforts to drive revenue growth. No assurance can be made that we will operate profitably in future periods and, if we do not, we may not be able to meet any future debt service requirements, working capital requirements, capital expenditure plans, production slate, acquisition plans or other cash needs. Our inability to meet those needs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects. 
 If we are not able to manage change and growth, our business could be adversely affected. 
 We are expanding our operations internationally, scaling our streaming service to effectively and reliably handle anticipated growth in both members and features related to our service. As we expand internationally, we are managing our business to address varied content offerings, consumer customs and practices, in particular those dealing with e-commerce and internet video, as well as differing legal and regulatory environments. As we scale our streaming service, we are developing technology and utilizing third-party internet-based or cloud computing services. If we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining or revising our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations, our business could be adversely affected. 
 If our efforts to build unique brand identity and improve member satisfaction and loyalty are not successful, we may not be able to attract or retain members, and our operating results may be adversely affected. 
 We must continue to build and maintain a unique brand identity. We believe that a unique brand identity will be important in attracting and retaining members who have a number of choices from which to obtain streaming content. To build a unique brand identity, we believe we must continue to offer content and service features that our members value and enjoy. We also believe that these must be coupled with effective consumer communications, such as marketing, customer service and public relations. If our efforts to promote and maintain our brand identity are not successful, our ability to attract and retain members may be adversely affected. Such a result may adversely affect our operating results. 
 With respect to our expansion into international markets, we will also need to establish our brand identity in new markets and languages, and to the extent we are not successful, our business in new markets may be adversely impacted. 
 Changes in our member acquisition sources could adversely affect our marketing expenses and member levels may be adversely affected. 
 We utilize a broad mix of marketing and public relations programs, including social media websites such as Facebook and YouTube, to promote our service to potential new members. We may limit or discontinue use or 
 7 

support of certain marketing sources or activities if advertising rates increase or if we become concerned that members or potential members deem certain marketing practices intrusive or damaging to our brand. If available marketing channels are limited or curtailed, our ability to attract new members may be adversely affected. 
 Companies that currently promote our services may cease promoting our services, may determine to compete more directly with our business or enter a similar business, or may decide to exclusively support our competitors. If we no longer have access to such marketing channels, our marketing efforts may be adversely affected. If we are unable to maintain or replace our sources of members with similarly effective sources, or if the cost of our existing sources increases, our member levels and marketing expenses may be adversely affected. 
 We face risks, such as unforeseen costs and potential liabilities in connection with content we produce, license and/or distribute through our service. 
 As a producer and distributor of content, we face potential liability for defamation, negligence, copyright or trademark infringement, misinformation, personal injury torts or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we produce, license and/or distribute. We also face potential liability for content used in promoting our service, including marketing materials and features on our platform such as member reviews. Allegations of impropriety, even if unfounded, could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and our business. 
 We are responsible for production costs and other expenses related to our original content. We also take on risks associated with this production, such as completion and key talent risk. To the extent we do not accurately anticipate costs or mitigate risks, or if we become liable for content we produce, license and/or distribute, our business may suffer. Litigation to defend these claims could be costly and the expenses and damages arising from any liability or unforeseen production risks could harm our results of operations. We may not be indemnified to cover claims or costs of these types and we may not have insurance coverage for these types of claims. 
 Problematic content accessed through our service, including content that violates our content guidelines or the content guidelines of our partners, could damage our reputation and hurt our ability to retain and expand our base of members and partners. 
 Our ability to maintain and protect our brand depends, in part, on our ability to maintain the quality and integrity of the content and other information accessed through our streaming service. While we undertake efforts to detect and prevent problematic content and to ensure our content complies with our content guidelines and the content guidelines of our third-party partners, no assurance can be given that such efforts will be error-free. 
 If we fail to either detect and prevent problematic content or effectively promote high-quality content, it could hurt our reputation and confidence in our brand, thereby negatively affecting the use of our service and our financial performance. In addition, our partners may refuse to carry the Gaia app on their platform if our content violates their content guidelines. Problematic content accessed through our service may also subject us to media, legal or regulatory scrutiny, which could adversely affect our reputation and brand. 
 If we fail to maintain a positive reputation concerning our service and the content we offer, we may not be able to attract or retain members, we may face regulatory scrutiny and our operating results may be adversely affected. 
 We believe that a positive reputation concerning our service is important in attracting and retaining members. To the extent our content, in particular, our original programming, is perceived as low quality, offensive or otherwise not compelling to consumers, our ability to establish and maintain a positive reputation may be adversely impacted. To the extent our content is deemed controversial or offensive by government regulators, we may face direct or indirect retaliatory action or behavior, including being required to remove such content from our service, our entire service could be banned and/or become subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny across our business and operations. We could also face boycotts which could adversely affect our business. Furthermore, to the extent our response to government action or our marketing, customer service and public relations efforts are not effective or result in negative reaction, our ability to establish and maintain a positive reputation may likewise be adversely impacted. There is an increasing focus from regulators, investors, members and other stakeholders on environmental, social 
 8 

and governance ESG matters, both in the United States and internationally. To the extent the content we distribute and the manner in which we produce content creates ESG related concerns, our reputation may be harmed. 
 Increases in payment processing fees, changes to operating rules, the acceptance of new types of payment methods or payment fraud could increase our operating expenses and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Our members pay for our services predominately using credit and debit cards. Our acceptance of these payment methods requires our payment of certain fees. From time to time, these fees may increase, either as a result of rate changes by the payment processing companies or as a result of a change in our business practices which increase the fees on a cost-per-transaction basis. Such increases may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We are subject to rules, regulations and practices governing our accepted payment methods. These rules, regulations and practices could change or be reinterpreted to make it difficult or impossible for us to comply. If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, we may be subject to fines and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept these payment methods, and our business and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 We accept payment methods other than credit and debit cards. As our service continues to evolve and expand internationally, we will likely continue to explore accepting various forms of payment, which may have higher fees and costs than our currently accepted payment methods. If more consumers utilize higher cost payment methods our payment costs could increase and our results of operations could be adversely impacted. 
 In addition, we do not obtain signatures from members in connection with their use of payment methods. To the extent we do not obtain members signatures, we may be liable for fraudulent payment transactions, even when the associated financial institution approves payment of the orders. From time to time, fraudulent payment methods are used to obtain service. While we do have safeguards in place, we nonetheless experience some fraudulent transactions. We do not currently carry insurance against the risk of fraudulent payment transactions. A failure to adequately control fraudulent payment transactions would harm our business and results of operations. 
 We rely upon a number of partners to offer instant streaming of content to various devices. 
 We currently offer members the ability to receive streaming content through a host of internet-connected devices, including internet-enabled TVs, digital video players and mobile devices. We intend to continue to broaden our capability to instantly stream content to other platforms over time. If we are not successful in maintaining existing relationships and creating new ones, or if we encounter technological, content licensing or other impediments to our streaming content, our ability to grow our business could be adversely impacted. 
 We have agreements with third party partners, pursuant to which each makes available an app for viewing our content on its platform. Our agreements with our partners are typically between one and three years in duration and our business could be adversely affected if, upon expiration, our partners do not continue to provide access to our service or are unwilling to do so on terms acceptable to us, which terms may include the degree of accessibility and prominence of our service. We may be further harmed if these partners decide to remove our apps from their respective platforms for any other reason at any time. 
 Furthermore, the devices consumers use to access our content are manufactured and sold by entities other than Gaia and the devices performance and the connection between these devices and our service may result in consumer dissatisfaction that could result in claims against us or otherwise adversely impact our business. In addition, technology changes to our streaming functionality may require that partners update their devices. If partners do not update or otherwise modify their devices, our service and our members use and enjoyment could be negatively impacted. 
 We may face quarterly and seasonal fluctuations that could harm our business. 
 Our revenues and results of operations have fluctuated in the past, and will likely continue to fluctuate, on a quarterly basis. Such fluctuation is the result of a seasonal pattern that reflects variations when consumers are 
 9 

typically spending more time indoors and, as a result, tend to increase their viewing, similar to those of general video streaming services. The effects of the global pandemic have shifted our historical pattern over the past three years, but we have historically experienced the greatest member growth in the fourth and first quarters (October through February), and slowest during May through August. This has historically driven quarterly variations in our spending on member acquisition efforts and the number of net new subscribers we add each quarter but does not result in a corresponding seasonality in net revenue. As the world emerges from the effects of the pandemic, we expect these seasonal trends to return. As we continue to expand internationally, we also expect regional seasonality trends to demonstrate more predictable seasonal patterns as our service offering in each market becomes more established and we have a longer history to assess such patterns. 
 Acquisitions and new initiatives may harm our financial results. 
 We have historically expanded our operations in part through strategic acquisitions and through new initiatives that we generate. We cannot accurately predict the timing, size and success of these efforts. Our acquisition and new initiative strategies involve significant risks that could inhibit our growth and negatively impact our operating results, including the following: our ability to identify suitable acquisition candidates or new initiatives at acceptable prices; our ability to complete the acquisitions of candidates that we identify or develop our new initiatives; our ability to compete effectively for available acquisition opportunities; increases in asking prices by acquisition candidates to levels beyond our financial capability or to levels that would not result in the returns required by our acquisition criteria; diversion of management s attention to expansion efforts; unanticipated costs and contingent liabilities associated with acquisitions and new initiatives; failure of acquired businesses or new initiatives to achieve expected results; our failure to retain key customers or personnel of acquired businesses and difficulties entering markets in which we have no or limited experience. In addition, the size, timing and success of any future acquisitions and new initiatives may cause substantial fluctuations in our operating results from quarter to quarter. Consequently, our operating results for any quarter may not be indicative of the results that may be achieved for any subsequent quarter or for a full fiscal year. These fluctuations could adversely affect our results. 
 The coronavirus (COVID 19) pandemic, or other outbreaks of disease or similar public health threats, including responses to such outbreaks, could materially and adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 The outbreak of COVID-19, and any other outbreaks of contagious diseases or other adverse public health developments in the United States or worldwide, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the various responses to it have created significant volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption. The full extent to which the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the various responses to it impacts our business, operations and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including: the duration and scope of the pandemic; governmental, business and individuals actions that have been and continue to be taken in response to the pandemic; the effect on our members and consumer demand for and ability to pay for our services; and disruptions or restrictions on our employees ability to work and travel. 
 We will continue to actively monitor the issues raised by the COVID-19 pandemic and may take further actions that alter our business operations, as may be required by federal, state, local or foreign authorities, or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, members, partners and stockholders. It is not clear what the potential effects any such alterations or modifications may have on our business, including the effects on our members, suppliers or vendors, or on our financial results. 
 In addition to the potential direct impacts to our business, the global economy may continue to be impacted as a result of the actions taken in response to COVID-19. To the extent that such a weakened global economy impacts consumers ability or willingness to pay for our service or vendors ability to provide services to us, especially those related to our content productions, we could see our business and results of operations negatively impacted. 
 Risks Related to Information Technology and Privacy 
 We could be harmed by data loss or other security breaches. 
 As a result of our services being internet-based and the fact that we process, store, and transmit data, including personal information, for our members, failure to prevent or mitigate data loss or other security breaches, including 
 10 

breaches of our suppliers technology and systems, could expose us or our members to a risk of loss or misuse of such information, adversely affect our operating results, result in litigation or potential liability for us, and otherwise harm our business. We use third-party technology and systems for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, encryption and authentication technology, employee email, content delivery to members, back-office support, and other functions. Although we have implemented systems and processes that are designed to protect member information and prevent data loss and other security breaches, including systems and processes designed to reduce the impact of a security breach at a third-party supplier, such measures cannot provide absolute security. 
 Any significant disruption in our network or information systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations could result in a loss or degradation of service and could adversely impact our business. 
 Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance of our network and information systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. We experience occasional system interruptions and delays that make our websites and services unavailable or slow to respond and prevent us from efficiently providing services to our members, which may reduce the attractiveness of our services. If we are unable to effectively upgrade our systems and network infrastructure, and take other steps to improve the efficiency of our systems, we could face system interruptions or delays that may adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our systems may be subject to damage or interruption from adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, computer denial of service attacks, or other attempts to harm these systems. Interruptions in these systems, or to the internet in general, could make our service unavailable or degraded or otherwise hinder our ability to deliver content to our members. Service interruptions, errors in our software or the unavailability of network or information systems used in our operations could diminish the overall attractiveness of our membership service to existing and potential members. 
 We utilize third-party internet-based or cloud computing services in our business operations. We also utilize third-party content delivery networks to help us stream content in high volume to our members over the internet. Problems with these systems faced by us or our service providers, including technological or business-related disruptions, could adversely impact the experience of our members. 
 Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our network or information systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations arising from cyber-attacks could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized disclosure of data (including member and corporate information), or theft of intellectual property, including digital content assets, which could adversely impact our business. 
 Our network and information systems and those of third parties we use in our operations are vulnerable to cybersecurity threats, including cyber-attacks such as computer viruses, denial of service attacks, physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions. These systems may experience directed attacks intended to lead to interruptions and delays in our service and operations as well as loss, misuse or theft of data or confidential information. Additionally, outside parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or users to disclose sensitive or confidential information in order to gain access to data. Any successful attempt by hackers to obtain our data (including members and corporate information) or intellectual property (including digital content assets), disrupt our service, or otherwise access our systems (or those of third parties we use), could harm our business, be expensive to remedy and damage our reputation. We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart hackers and protect our data and systems, but techniques used to gain unauthorized access to data and software are constantly evolving, and we may be unable to anticipate or prevent unauthorized access. To date hackers have not had a material impact on our service or systems, although a risk remains that hackers may be successful in the future. Our insurance does not cover expenses related to such disruptions or unauthorized access. Efforts to prevent hackers from disrupting our service or otherwise accessing our systems are expensive to develop, implement and maintain. These efforts require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated and may limit the functionality of or otherwise negatively impact our service offering and systems. Any significant disruption to our service or access to our systems could result in a loss of members and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Further, a penetration of our systems or a third party s systems or other misappropriation or misuse of personal information could subject us to business, 
 11 

regulatory, litigation and reputation risk, which could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our reputation and relationships with members would be harmed if our member data, particularly payment data, were to be accessed by unauthorized persons. 
 We maintain personal data regarding our members, including names and payment data. This data is maintained on our own systems as well as that of third parties we use in our operations. With respect to payment data, such as credit and debit card numbers, we rely on licensed encryption and authentication technology to secure such information. We take measures to protect against unauthorized intrusion into our members data. Despite these measures, our payment processing services or other third-party services we use, could experience an unauthorized intrusion into our members data. In the event of such a breach, current and potential members may become unwilling to provide the information to us necessary for them to remain or become members. We may also be required to notify regulators about any actual or perceived data breach (including the EU Lead Data Protection Authority) as well as the individuals who are affected by the incident within strict time periods. Additionally, we could face legal claims or regulatory fines or penalties for such a breach. The costs relating to any data breach could be material, and we currently do not carry insurance against the risk of a data breach. For these reasons, should an unauthorized intrusion into our members data occur, our business could be adversely affected. 
 We rely on proprietary technology to stream content and to manage other aspects of our operations, and the failure of this technology to operate effectively could adversely affect our business. 
 We continually enhance or modify the technology used for our operations. We cannot be sure that any enhancements or other modifications we make to our operations will achieve the intended results or otherwise be of value to our members. Future enhancements and modifications to our technology could consume considerable resources. If we are unable to maintain and enhance our technology to manage the streaming of content to our members in a timely and efficient manner, or if our technology, or that of third parties we utilize in our operations, fails or otherwise operates improperly, our ability to retain existing members and to add new members may be impaired. Also, any harm to our members personal computers or other devices caused by software used in our operations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Changes in how network operators handle and charge for access to data that travel across their networks could adversely impact our business. 
 We rely upon the ability of consumers to access our service through the internet. To the extent that network operators implement usage-based pricing, including meaningful bandwidth caps, or otherwise try to monetize access to their networks by data providers, we could incur greater operating expenses and our member acquisition and retention could be negatively impacted. Furthermore, to the extent network operators were to create tiers of internet access service and either charge us for, or prohibit us from, being available through these tiers, our business could be negatively impacted. 
 Our online activities are subject to a variety of laws and regulations relating to privacy which, if violated, could subject us to an increased risk of litigation and regulatory actions. 
 In addition to our websites and applications, we use third-party applications, websites, and social media platforms to promote our service and engage consumers, as well as monitor and collect certain information about users of our service. There are a variety of laws and regulations governing individual privacy and the protection and use of information collected from such individuals, particularly in relation to an individual s personally identifiable information (e.g., credit card numbers). Many foreign countries have adopted similar laws governing individual privacy, some of which are more restrictive than similar U.S. laws. If our online activities were to violate any applicable current or future laws and regulations, we could be subject to litigation and regulatory actions, including fines and other penalties. 
 12 

Risks Related to Intellectual Property 
 If our trademarks and other proprietary rights are not adequately protected to prevent unauthorized use or appropriation, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished, and our business may be adversely affected. 
 We rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of confidentiality and license agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties with whom we have relationships, as well as trademark, copyright and trade secret protection laws, to protect our proprietary rights. We may also seek to enforce our proprietary rights through court proceedings. We may file trademark applications from time to time. These applications may not be approved, third parties may challenge any trademarks issued to or held by us, third parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe our trademarks and other proprietary rights, and we may not be able to prevent infringement or misappropriation without substantial expense to us. 
 We currently hold various domain names, including www.gaia.com and www.gaiamtv.com. Failure to protect our domain names could adversely affect our reputation and make it more difficult for users to find our website and our service. We may be unable, without significant cost or at all, to prevent third parties from acquiring domain names that are similar to, infringe upon or otherwise decrease the value of our trademarks and other proprietary rights. 
 Intellectual property claims against us could be costly and result in the loss of significant rights related to, among other things, our website, title selection processes, content and marketing activities. 
 Our intellectual property rights extend to our technology, business processes and the content on our website. We use the intellectual property of third parties in marketing and providing our services through contractual and other rights. From time to time, third parties may allege that we have violated their intellectual property rights. If we are unable to obtain sufficient rights, successfully defend our use, or develop non-infringing technology and content or otherwise alter our business practices on a timely basis in response to claims of infringement, misappropriation, misuse or other violation of third-party intellectual property rights, our business and competitive position may be adversely affected. 
 Many companies devote significant resources to developing patents that could potentially affect many aspects of our business. There are numerous patents that broadly claim means and methods of conducting business on the internet. We have not searched patents relative to our technology. Defending ourselves against intellectual property claims, whether they are with or without merit or are determined in our favor, will result in costly litigation and diversion of technical and management personnel. Infringement claims also may result in our inability to use our current website, streaming technology, our recommendation and personalization technology or inability to market our service. As a result of disputes, we may have to develop non-infringing technology, enter into royalty or licensing agreements, adjust our merchandising or marketing activities or take other actions to resolve the claims. These actions, if required, may be costly or unavailable on terms acceptable to us. 
 Piracy of video, including digital and internet piracy, could adversely affect our business. 
 Video piracy is extensive in many parts of the world and has been made easier by technological advances and the conversion of video into digital formats. These trends facilitate the creation, transmission and sharing of high-quality unauthorized copies of content on DVDs, Blu-ray discs, and the internet. We may have to implement elaborate and costly security and anti-piracy measures, which could result in significant expenses and losses of revenue. We cannot provide absolute assurance that security and anti-piracy measures will prevent the piracy of our content. The proliferation of unauthorized copies of our content could have an adverse effect on our business, by reducing the revenues we receive from our subscription service. 
 13 

Risks Related to Litigation, Regulatory Proceedings and Government Regulation 
 We may be subject to litigation or regulatory proceedings that could cause us to incur substantial losses. 
 From time to time during the normal course of operating our businesses, we are subject to various litigation claims, regulatory proceedings and legal disputes. Some of these matters may not be covered under our insurance policies, or our insurance carriers may seek to deny coverage. As a result, we might be required to incur significant legal fees, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial position. In addition, because we cannot accurately predict the outcome of any dispute, it is possible that, as a result of current and/or future matters, we will be subject to adverse judgments or settlements that could significantly reduce our earnings or result in losses. 
 If government regulations relating to the internet or other areas of our business change, we may need to alter the manner in which we conduct our business or incur greater operating expenses. 
 The adoption or modification of laws or regulations relating to the internet or other areas of our business could limit or otherwise adversely affect the manner in which we currently conduct our business. In addition, the continued growth and development of the market for online commerce may lead to more stringent consumer protection laws, which may impose additional burdens on us. If we are required to comply with new regulations or legislation or new interpretations of existing regulations or legislation, this compliance could cause us to incur additional expenses or alter our business model. 
 The adoption or modification of any laws or regulations that adversely affect the growth, popularity or use of the internet, including laws impacting internet neutrality, could decrease the demand for our service and increase our cost of doing business. For example, as a result of the repeal of internet neutrality regulations in the United States, broadband internet access providers may be able to charge web-based services such as ours for priority access to members, which could result in increased costs and a loss of existing users, impairment of our ability to attract new users, and material adverse effects on our business and opportunities for growth. Additionally, as we expand internationally, government regulation concerning the internet, and in particular, network neutrality, may be nascent or non-existent. Within such a regulatory environment, coupled with potentially significant political and economic power of local network operators, we could experience discriminatory or anti-competitive practices that could impede our growth, cause us to incur additional expense or otherwise negatively affect our business. 
 14 

Risks Related to International Operations 
 We could be subject to economic, political, regulatory and other risks arising from international operations. 
 Operating in international markets requires significant resources and management attention and will subject us to regulatory, economic and political risks that may be different from and incremental to those in the United States. In addition to the risks that we face in the United States, our international operations may involve risks that could adversely affect our business, including the following: the need to adapt our content and user interfaces for specific cultural and language differences, including licensing a certain portion of our content library before we have developed a full appreciation for its performance within a given territory; difficulties and costs associated with staffing and managing foreign operations; management distraction; political or social unrest and economic instability; compliance with U.S. laws, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, export controls and economic sanctions, and local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials; unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; less favorable foreign intellectual property laws; adverse tax consequences such as those related to repatriation of cash from foreign jurisdictions into the United States, non-income related taxes such as value-added tax or other indirect taxes, changes in tax laws or their interpretations, or the application of judgment in determining our global provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities given inter-company transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain; fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could impact revenues and expenses of our international operations and expose us to foreign currency exchange rate risk; profit repatriation and other restrictions on the transfer of funds; differing payment processing systems as well as consumer use and acceptance of electronic payment methods, such as credit and debit cards; new and different sources of competition; different and more stringent user protection, data protection, privacy and other laws; and availability of reliable broadband connectivity and wide area networks in targeted areas for expansion. 
 Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and our overall business, and results of our operations. 
 Risks Related to Liquidity 
 We may seek additional capital that may result in shareholder dilution or that may have rights senior to those of our common shareholders. 
 From time to time, we may seek to obtain additional capital, either through equity, equity-linked or debt securities. Our cash flows provided by our operating activities were negative in 2019, but as planned have been positive since 2020. To the extent we are unable to maintain positive cash flows from operations, we may seek additional capital. The decision to obtain additional capital will depend on, among other things, our business plans, operating performance and condition of the capital markets. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-linked or debt securities, our shareholders may experience dilution, and such securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to the rights of our common stock. Any large equity or equity-linked offering could also negatively impact our stock price. 
 Risks Related to Human Resources 
 We may lose key employees or may be unable to hire qualified employees. 
 We rely on the continued service and performance of our senior management, in particular Jirka Rysavy, our Chairman, CEO and founder. In our industry, there is substantial and continuous competition for highly skilled business, product development, technical and other personnel. Hiring qualified management is difficult due to the limited number of qualified professionals in our industry. Failure to recruit, attract and retain personnel, particularly management personnel, could materially harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 15 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 
 Our founder, chairman and CEO, Jirka Rysavy, has voting control over us. 
 Mr. Rysavy holds 100 of our 5,400,000 outstanding shares of Class B common stock and also owns 475,061 shares of Class A common stock. The shares of Class B common stock are convertible into shares of Class A common stock at any time. Each share of Class B common stock has ten votes per share, and each share of Class A common stock has one vote per share. Consequently, Mr. Rysavy holds approximately 78 of our voting stock and is able to exert substantial influence over and control matters requiring approval by shareholders, including the election of directors, increasing our authorized capital stock, or a merger or sale of substantially all of our assets. As a result of Mr. Rysavy s control of us, no change of control can occur without Mr. Rysavy s consent. 
 Our business is subject to reporting requirements that continue to evolve and change, which could continue to require significant compliance effort and resources. 
 Because our common stock is publicly traded, we are subject to certain rules and regulations of federal, state and financial market exchange entities charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded. These entities, including the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the SEC and NASDAQ, periodically issue new requirements and regulations. Legislative bodies also review and revise applicable laws. As interpretation and implementation of these laws and rules and promulgation of new regulations continues, we will continue to be required to commit significant financial and managerial resources and incur additional expenses. 
 Risks Related to our Ownership of Real Property 
 Liability relating to environmental matters may impact the value of our real property. 
 We may be subject to environmental liabilities arising from our ownership of real property. Under various U.S. federal, state and local laws, an owner or operator of real property may become liable for the costs of removal of certain hazardous substances released on its property. These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the release of such hazardous substances. 
 The presence of hazardous substances on real property owned by us may adversely affect our ability to sell such real property and we may incur substantial remediation costs, thus harming our financial condition. The discovery of material environmental liabilities attached to such real property could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Any of these events, in combination or individually, could disrupt our business and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Item 1B. Unresolve d Staff Comments 
 Not Applicable. 
 Item 2. P roperties 
 Our principal physical properties are set forth below. We believe these facilities are adequate to meet our current needs. 

Size 
 
 Use 
 
 Owned/Leased 

Louisville, CO 
 
 138,502 sq. ft. 
 
 Headquarters 
 
 Partially Owned/Leased 

Louisville, CO 
 
 11,760 sq. ft. 
 
 Production Studio 
 
 Owned 

On September 9, 2020, our wholly owned subsidiary Boulder Road sold a 50 undivided interest in a portion of our Colorado campus to Westside Boulder, LLC. Boulder Road retained a 50 undivided interest in the property as well as full ownership of our studio and production facilities. In connection with the transaction, Boulder Road leased the property pursuant to a master lease for a term extending through September 30, 2030, with two five-year extensions. 
 16 

Gaia guaranteed Boulder Road s obligations under the master lease. Our Colorado facility is subject to a 13.0 million mortgage with First Interstate Bank as lender. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we are involved in legal proceedings that we consider to be in the normal course of business. We record accruals that can be reasonably estimated for losses related to matters against us that we consider to be probable. In the opinion of management, based on available information, settlements, arbitration awards and final judgments, if any, that are considered probable of being rendered against us in litigation or arbitration in existence at December 31, 2022 and that can be reasonably estimated are either reserved against or would not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 SEC Investigation 
 In June 2020, Gaia received a request for voluntary production of documents in an investigation by the staff of the Denver Regional Office (the Staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Since that time, Gaia has responded to the initial voluntary requests and subsequent subpoenas issued by the Staff. In September 2022, Gaia and Gaia's Chief Financial Officer CFO reached an agreement in principle with the Staff on a framework for a complete resolution of the investigation. The agreement in principle contemplates that Gaia would consent, without admitting or denying any findings, to the entry of an administrative order: (1) finding that Gaia (a) misstated in its April 29, 2019 earnings release and earnings call the increase in the number of paying subscribers for the period ending March 31, 2019, a quarter during which Gaia extended a free month of service to certain subscribers in the midst of a transition to a new enterprise-wide data system and (b) failed to comply with SEC whistleblower protection requirements with respect to the termination of one employee and the language used in severance agreements for other employees; and (2) requiring Gaia to pay a total civil monetary penalty of 2.0 million over a one-year period for these violations. At the same time, the CFO would consent, without admitting or denying any findings, to the entry of an administrative order: (1) finding that the CFO caused Gaia's misstatements in the April 29, 2019 earnings release and earnings call that is described above; and (2) requiring the CFO to pay a civil monetary penalty of 0.05 million. The contemplated settlement with Gaia and the CFO involve violations that require only negligence rather than intentional conduct. There can be no assurance that the contemplated settlement will be finalized and approved. Based on the Gaia s agreement in principle with the Staff, however, Gaia has accrued a liability in the amount of 2.0 million. 
 Item 4. Mine Saf ety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 PAR T II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Sto ckholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Stock Price History 
 Our Class A common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol GAIA . On February 21, 2023, we had 3,244 shareholders of record of our Class A common stock and one shareholder of record (Mr. Rysavy) of our Class B common stock. 
 Issuer Purchases of Registered Equity Securities 
 None. 
 17 

Dividend Policy 
 We have not paid any dividends since the start of the streaming business. The timing, declaration and payment of future dividends to holders of our common stock will depend upon many factors, including our cash balances and potential future capital requirements for strategic transactions, including acquisitions, results of operations, financial condition and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table summarizes equity compensation plan information for our Class A common stock at December 31, 2022: 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in the first column) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

1,057,680 

8.17 

1,354,614 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

1,057,680 

8.17 

1,354,614 

Item 6. Res erved 
 18 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. When used in this discussion, we intend the words anticipate, believe, contemplate, continue, could, estimate, expect, future, hope, intend may, might, objective, ongoing, plan, potential, predict, project, should, strive, target, will, would and similar expressions as they relate to us to identify such forward-looking statements. Our actual results could differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors set forth under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ include, without limitation: our ability to attract new members and retain existing members; our ability to compete effectively, including for customer engagement with different modes of entertainment; maintenance and expansion of devise platforms for streaming; fluctuation in customer usage of our service; fluctuations in quarterly operating results; service disruptions; production risks, general economic conditions; future losses; loss of key personnel; price changes; brand reputation; acquisitions; new initiatives we undertake; security and information systems; legal liability for website content; failure of third parties to provide adequate service; future internet-related taxes; our founder s control of us; litigation; consumer trends; the effect of government regulation and programs; the impact of public health threats; including the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and our response to it; and other risks and uncertainties included in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We caution you that no forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future performance, and you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which reflect our views only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking information. 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this document. This section is designed to provide information that will assist readers in understanding our consolidated financial statements, changes in certain items in those statements from year to year, the primary factors that caused those changes and how certain accounting principles, policies and estimates affect the consolidated financial statements. 
 Overview and Outlook 
 We operate a global digital video subscription service with a library of over 10,000 titles, with a growing selection of titles available in Spanish, German and French that caters to a unique, underserved member base. Our digital content is available to our members on most internet-connected devices anytime, anywhere, commercial-free. Through our online Gaia subscription service our members have unlimited access to a library of inspiring films, cutting edge documentaries, interviews, yoga classes, transformation related content, and more 80 of which is exclusively available to our members for digital streaming on most internet-connected devices. 
 Gaia s position in the streaming video landscape is firmly supported by its wide variety of exclusive and unique content, which provides a complementary offering to other entertainment-based streaming video services. Our original content is developed and produced in-house in our production studios near Boulder, Colorado. By offering exclusive and unique content through our streaming service, we believe we will be able to significantly expand our target member base. 
 Our available content is currently focused on yoga, transformation, alternative healing, seeking truth and conscious films. This content is specifically targeted to a unique member base that is interested in alternatives and supplements to the content provided by mainstream media. We have grown these content options both organically through our own productions and through strategic acquisitions. In addition, through our investments in our streaming video technology and our user interface, we have expanded the many ways our subscription member base can access our unique library of media titles. 
 Our core strategy is to grow our subscription business domestically and internationally by expanding our unique and exclusive content library, enhancing our user interface, extending our streaming service to new internet-connected devices as they are developed and creating a conscious community built around our content. 
 
 19 

The full impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our business, operations and financial results will depend on a number of evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict. See Item 1A Risk Factors in this Form 10-K for additional details. 
 Commencing during the second half of March 2020 and continuing through July 2020, we saw an increase in demand for our content from both current and potential members. This created a positive trend in existing member retention, costs to acquire new members, and the corresponding revenue and cash flow impacts from these higher volumes. This trend dissipated beginning in August 2020, when we saw the online paid media advertising market start to return to historical norms with a corresponding effect on the cost of our online advertising efforts. With the rollout of privacy changes affecting a large number of mobile consumers during the summer of 2021 we saw an increase in the costs of our online advertising efforts which reduced the number of new members we add each period with our allocated marketing spend. In addition, in the period of March through October 2022, we lost about 40 of the members we added during the COVID-19 lockdowns in 2020 and 2021. 
 During the last 90 days, we have eliminated approximately 5 million in annualized spending, which includes approximately 36 full time equivalent headcount that were added over the past two years to offset reduced efficiency we experienced as a result of work from home mandates. 
 We are a Colorado corporation. Our principal and executive office is located at 833 West South Boulder Road, Louisville, CO 80027-2452. Our telephone number at that address is (303) 222-3600. 
 Results of Operations 
 The table below summarizes certain of our results for the periods indicated: 

Years ended December 31, 

(in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Revenues, net 

82,035 

79,573 

Cost of revenues 

10,915 

10,526 

Gross profit margin 

86.7 

86.8 

Selling and operating 

64,155 

60,577 

Corporate, general and administration 

7,181 

6,125 

Acquisition costs 

49 

360 

Income (loss) from operations 

(265) 

1,985 

Interest and other expense, net 

(268) 

(265) 

Anticipated SEC settlement 

(2,000) 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

(2,533) 

1,720 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

202 

(2,011) 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

(2,735) 

3,731 

Loss from discontinued operations 

(360) 

Net income (loss) 

(3,095) 

3,731 

20 

The following table sets forth certain financial data as a percentage of net revenues for the periods indicated: 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenues, net 

100.0 

100.0 

Cost of revenues 

13.3 

13.2 

Gross profit 

86.7 

86.8 

Expenses: 

Selling and operating 

78.2 

76.1 

Corporate, general and administration 

8.8 

7.7 

Acquisition costs 

0.1 

0.5 

Total operating expenses 

87.0 

84.3 

Income (loss) from operations 

(0.3) 

2.5 

Interest and other expense, net 

(0.3) 

(0.3) 

Anticipated SEC settlement 

(2.4) 

0.0 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

(3.1) 

2.2 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

0.2 

(2.5) 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

(3.3) 

4.7 

Loss from discontinued operations 

(0.4) 

0.0 

Net income (loss) 

(3.8) 

4.7 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Revenues, net . Revenues increased 2.4 million, or 3.0 , to 82.0 million during 2022, compared to 79.6 million during 2021. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in our average number of members in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 Cost of revenues . Cost of revenues increased 0.4 million, or 3.8 , to 10.9 million during 2022 from 10.5 million during 2021, with gross margin of 86.7 in the current year compared to 86.8 in 2021. The slight gross margin decline was primarily due to increased content amortization as we continue to invest in our content library. 
 Selling and operating expenses . Selling and operating expenses increased 3.6 million, or 5.9 , to 64.2 million during 2022 from 60.6 million during 2021 and, as a percentage of revenues, increased to 78.2 during 2022 from 76.1 during 2021. The increase was primarily driven by increased technology operating costs as we focus on expanding our international member base and completing a business continuity initiative during 2022, as well as incremental expenses incurred related to the Yoga International acquisition. 
 Corporate, general and administration expenses . Corporate, general and administration expenses increased 1.1 million, or 18.0 , to 7.2 million during 2022 from 6.1 million during 2021 and, as a percentage of net revenue, increased to 8.8 during 2022 from 7.7 during 2021. The increase was primarily driven by legal fees and the additional expenses incurred as a result of the Yoga International acquisition. 
 Interest and other income (expense), net. Interest and other income (expense), net remained relatively flat during 2022 compared to 2021 at 0.3 million for both years. The bulk of interest paid is attributed to the loan on our building and the newly acquired line of credit discussed in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes. Provision for (benefit from) income taxes reflects a current year provision of 0.2 million compared to the prior year benefit from income taxes due to the partial valuation allowance release related to the recognition of deferred tax liabilities associated with the acquisition of Yoga International. 
 Quarterly and Seasonal Fluctuations 
 The following tables set forth our unaudited results of operations for each of the quarters in 2022 and 2021. In our opinion, this unaudited financial information includes all adjustments, consisting solely of normal recurring accruals and adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the results of operations for the quarters presented. You should 
 21 

read this financial information in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The results of operations for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of future results of operations. 

Year 2022 Quarters Ended 

(in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 March 31 

June 30 

September 30 

December 31 

Revenues, net 

21,831 

20,720 

19,907 

19,577 

Gross profit 

18,926 

17,961 

17,259 

16,974 

Gross margin 

86.7 

86.7 

86.7 

86.7 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

247 

248 

(2,368) 

(862) 

Loss from discontinued operations 

(161) 

(132) 

(7) 

(60) 

Net income (loss) 

86 

116 

(2,375) 

(922) 

Earnings (loss) per share 

Basic 

Continuing operations 

0.01 

0.01 

(0.11) 

(0.04) 

Discontinued operations 

(0.01) 

(0.01) 

Basic earnings (loss) per share 

(0.11) 

(0.04) 

Diluted 

Continuing operations 

0.01 

0.01 

(0.11) 

(0.04) 

Discontinued operations 

(0.01) 

(0.01) 

Diluted earnings (loss) per share 

(0.11) 

(0.04) 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic 

20,465 

20,788 

20,806 

20,806 

Diluted 

20,816 

20,795 

20,806 

20,806 

Year 2021 Quarters Ended 

(in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 March 31 

June 30 

September 30 

December 31 

Revenues, net 

18,896 

19,443 

20,405 

20,829 

Gross profit 

16,458 

16,934 

17,779 

17,876 

Gross margin 

87.1 

87.1 

87.1 

85.8 

Income (loss) from operations 

424 

695 

726 

140 

Net income (loss) 

358 

643 

647 

2,083 

Basic earnings (loss) per share 

0.02 

0.03 

0.03 

0.11 

Diluted earnings (loss) per share 

0.02 

0.03 

0.03 

0.10 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic 

19,201 

19,268 

19,318 

19,441 

Diluted 

19,724 

19,810 

19,812 

19,899 

Our member base growth reflects seasonal variations driven primarily by periods when consumers typically spend more time indoors and, as a result, tend to increase their viewing, similar to those of traditional TV and cable networks. The effects of the global pandemic have shifted our historical pattern over the past three years, but we have historically experienced the greatest member growth in the fourth and first quarters (October through February), and slowest during May through August. This has historically driven quarterly variations in our spending on member acquisition efforts and the number of net new subscribers we add each quarter but does not result in a corresponding seasonality in net revenue. As the world emerges from the effects of the pandemic, we expect these seasonal trends to return. As we continue to expand internationally, we also expect regional seasonality trends to demonstrate more predictable seasonal patterns as our service offering in each market becomes more established and we have a longer history to assess such patterns. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, which require us to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in 
 22 

the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K summarizes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 We believe the following to be critical accounting policies whose application has a material impact on our financial presentation, and involve a higher degree of complexity, as they require us to make judgments and estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. 
 Media library 
 Media library represents the lower of unamortized cost or net realizable value of capitalized costs to produce our proprietary media content, rights obtained through license arrangements and digital media content acquired through asset purchases or business combinations. 
 The value of our produced media library consists of capitalized costs incurred to produce original media content, including salary and overhead costs of our in-house production team and other third-party costs. 
 Our licensed media library is obtained through license arrangements. Generally, we pay an advance against a percentage royalty or an upfront license fee in exchange for the distribution rights for a specific license window, but we may also obtain a license for a fixed fee for perpetuity. These payments are capitalized at the time of payment. Certain agreements also include an ongoing royalty obligation, which entitles the licensor to a share of the revenues generated from the licensed works. These expenses are calculated and accrued on a monthly basis and included in costs of revenues. We pay these accrued royalties on a quarterly basis and therefore have included the related liability in accrued liabilities. 
 The value of our acquired media library consists of the acquisition date fair value of media assets obtained through asset acquisitions and business combinations recorded at the estimated fair value of the titles acquired, which is based on a number of factors, including the number of titles, the total hours of content, the production quality and age of the acquired media assets. 
 We amortize our media library in cost of revenues on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the license period or the estimated useful life of the titles, which typically ranges from 12 to 90 months. The amortization period begins with the first month of availability on our service. 
 Management reviews content viewership to determine whether viewing patterns correlate with initial estimates supporting the amortization period utilized. If current estimates indicate that viewing is significantly higher in earlier periods relative to the remaining amortization period, we will begin amortizing the respective titles on an accelerated basis over the amortization period. Due to our exclusive content and growing member base, our viewership trends have continued to support both the amortization period and the straight-line basis of amortization with no additional amortization recorded. 
 Our media library is reviewed for impairment at the film group level when an event or change in circumstances indicates that the carrying amount of the film group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of the film group is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the film group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the film group. If the carrying amount exceeds the estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. No impairment charges were recorded during 2022 or 2021. 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase consideration over the estimated fair value of assets acquired less liabilities assumed in a business acquisition. We have only one reporting unit; therefore, goodwill is assessed at the enterprise level. We review goodwill for impairment annually as of December 31 or more frequently if indicators of impairment are identified. We have the option of first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of goodwill is less than its carrying 
 23 

amount. If the estimated fair value of goodwill exceeds its carrying amount, we consider the goodwill to not be impaired. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its estimated fair value, we use either a comparable market approach or a traditional present value method to test for potential impairment. The process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is highly subjective and requires significant judgment at many points during the analysis. Application of alternative assumptions and definitions could yield significantly different results. During 2022 and 2021, no impairment of goodwill was indicated. 
 Income Taxes and Deferred Tax Balances 
 Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recorded with respect to temporary differences in the accounting treatment of items for financial reporting purposes and for income tax purposes. The tax expense or benefit related to ordinary income or loss must be computed at an annual effective tax rate and the tax expense or benefit related to all other items must be individually computed and recognized as a discrete item when it occurs. Where, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some amount of recorded deferred tax assets will not be realized, a valuation allowance is established for the amount that, in management s judgment, is sufficient to reduce the deferred tax asset to an amount that is more likely than not to be realized. As we have historically had cumulative losses, we have not released the current valuation allowance. The timing of the release of the valuation allowance will be dependent on cumulative income for a period of 36 months and an expectation that we will not have cumulative losses in the future. 
 A tax position must meet a minimum probability threshold before a financial statement benefit is recognized. The minimum threshold is defined as a tax position that is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefit to be recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 We recognize compensation cost for share-based awards based on the estimated fair value of the award on the date of grant. We measure compensation cost at the grant date based on the estimated fair value of the award and recognize compensation cost upon the probable attainment of a specified performance condition over the estimated performance period or for time-based awards over the service period. Since 2019, we have only granted restricted stock units, for which we utilize the intrinsic valuation model to estimate fair value. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our capital needs arise from working capital required to fund operations, capital expenditures related to acquisition and development of media content, development and marketing of our digital platforms, acquisitions of new businesses and other investments, replacements, expansions and improvements to our infrastructure, and future growth. These capital requirements depend on numerous factors, including the rate of market acceptance of our offerings, our ability to expand our customer base, the cost of ongoing upgrades to our offerings, our expenditures for marketing, and other factors. Additionally, we will continue to pursue opportunities to expand our media libraries, evaluate possible investments in businesses and technologies, and increase our marketing programs as needed. 
 On December 28, 2020, Boulder Road and Westside Boulder, LLC entered into a loan agreement with First Interstate Bank, as lender, providing for a mortgage loan in the principal amount of 13.0 million. The loan bears interest at a fixed rate of 3.75 per annum and matures on December 28, 2025. Westside and Boulder Road each received 50 of the proceeds and are each responsible for 50 of the monthly installments. The loan is secured by a deed of trust, assignment of rents, security agreement and fixture filing on our corporate campus and is guaranteed by Gaia. 
 On August 25, 2022, Gaia entered into a Credit and Security Agreement with KeyBank National Association. The Credit Agreement provides for a revolving credit facility in an aggregate amount of up to 10.0 million with a sublimit of 1.0 million available for issuances of letters of credit. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are 
 24 

available for working capital and general corporate purposes, but not to fund any permitted acquisitions or other investments. 
 We began to generate positive cash flows from operations in October 2019 and have continued to generate cash flows from operations each subsequent quarter. We expect to continue generating positive cash flows from operations during 2023. We generated approximately 11.5 million in cash flows from operations during 2022, which helped fund the ongoing investment in our content library and the technology platform we use to deliver the content to our members. 
 We intend to invest approximately 15 -20 of our consolidated revenues each year to support continued investment in our content library and technology platform. This spending is entirely discretionary in nature with no contractual commitments and due to our in-house production capabilities, we can scale our content investment based on the cash flows generated from operations if necessary to ensure we have sufficient liquidity to operate our business into the future. As of December 31, 2022, our cash balance was 11.6 million. 
 In the normal course of our business, we investigate, evaluate and discuss acquisition, joint venture, minority investment, strategic relationship and other business combination opportunities in our market. For any future investment, acquisition or joint venture opportunities, we may consider using then-available liquidity, issuing equity securities or incurring indebtedness. 
 While there can be no assurances, we believe our cash on hand, cash expected to be generated from operations, and potential capital raising capabilities should be sufficient to fund our operations on both a short-term and long-term basis. However, our projected cash needs may change as a result of acquisitions, product development, unforeseen operational difficulties or other factors. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our primary sources (uses) of cash during the periods presented: 

Years ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities - continuing operations 

11,880 

20,867 

Operating activities - discontinued operations 

(360) 

Operating activities 

11,520 

20,867 

Investing activities 

(19,104) 

(23,858) 

Financing activities 

8,877 

655 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

1,293 

(2,336) 

2022 Compared to 2021 
 Operating activities . Cash flows from operations decreased 9.3 million during 2022 compared to 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by the net loss in 2022 and a 7.5 million decrease due to working capital changes. 
 Investing activities . Cash flow used in investing activities decreased 4.8 million during 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to 2021 including cash utilization of 6.5 million to fund the cash consideration portion of the acquisition of Yoga International, offset by a planned increase during 2022 in investment in our content library and technology platform. 
 Financing activities . Cash flows from financing activities improved 8.2 million during 2022 compared to 2021. In September 2022, we obtained a line of credit with KeyBank, as described in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K, and had borrowed 9.0 million at December 31, 2022. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk 
 As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 
 25 

Item 8. Financial Stateme nts and Supplementary Data 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 32) 
 
 27 

Gaia, Inc. Consolidated Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 29 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 30 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 
 31 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 32 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 33 

26 

REPORT OF INDEPEND ENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Gaia, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Gaia, Inc. the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Valuation of media library 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, media library represents the lower of unamortized cost or net realizable value of capitalized costs to produce the Company s proprietary media content, rights obtained through license arrangements and digital media content acquired through asset purchases or business combinations. The Company amortizes its media library in cost of revenues on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the license period or the estimated useful life of the titles, which typically ranges from 12 to 90 months. The amortization period begins with the first month of availability on the Company s service. 
 The Company s media library is reviewed for impairment when an event or change in circumstances indicates that the carrying amount of the film group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of the film group is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the film group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the film group. If the carrying amount of the film group exceeds the estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. 
 27 

We identified the assessment of the valuation of media library as a critical audit matter. There was a high degree of subjective auditor judgment in evaluating the recoverability of the capitalized media library amounts. 
 The primary procedures we performed to audit the critical audit matter included the following: 
 Tested amounts capitalized to media library by obtaining third-party invoices for external costs and performed substantive analytical procedures on capitalized employee expenses. Additionally, we tested that amounts capitalized were in compliance with film production generally accepted accounting principles and tested the existence of media library content by verifying titles are available for viewing. 

Assessed amortization period by evaluating useful lives of produced media, including evaluating the proper accounting treatment of the media library amortization under ASU 2019-02, which allows for amortization based on usage at the aggregate film group level. We recalculated amortization of the media library film group. 

Obtained an understanding of management s impairment analysis process and compared the subscription revenues generated by the media library to the net media library value to determine if there were indicators the carrying amount of the media library may not be recoverable. 

/s/ 

March 6, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 
 28 

GAIA, INC. 
 Consolidated B alance Sheets 

As of December 31, 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Media library, software and equipment, net 

Right-of-use lease asset, net 

Real estate, investment and other assets, net 

Goodwill 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable, accrued and other liabilities 

Short-term debt and lease liability 

Deferred revenue 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt, net 

Long-term lease liability 

Deferred taxes 

Total liabilities 

Equity: 

Gaia, Inc. shareholders equity: 

Class A common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Class B common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total shareholders' equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 29 

GAIA, INC. 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Operations 

Years Ended December 31, 

(in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Revenues, net 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Expenses: 

Selling and operating 

Corporate, general and administration 

Acquisition costs 

Total operating expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

() 

Interest and other expense, net 

() 

() 

Anticipated SEC settlement 

() 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

() 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

() 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

() 

Loss from discontinued operations 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Earnings per share: 

Basic 

Continuing operations 

() 

Discontinued operations 

() 

Basic Earnings (loss) per share 

() 

Diluted 

Continuing operations 

() 

Discontinued operations 

() 

Diluted Earnings (loss) per share 

() 

Weighted-average shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 30 

GAIA, INC. 
 Consolidated Statement s of Changes in Shareholders Equity 

(in thousands, except shares) 
 
 Total Shareholders' Equity 

Accumulated Deficit 

Common Stock Amount 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Common Stock Shares 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

Issuance of Gaia, Inc. common stock for RSU releases, stock option exercises and share-based compensation 

Net income 

Balance at March 31, 2021 

() 

Issuance of Gaia, Inc. common stock for RSU releases, stock option exercises and share-based compensation 

Net income 

Balance at June 30, 2021 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Net income 

Balance at September 30, 2021 

() 

Issuance of Gaia, Inc. common stock for business combination 

Share-based compensation 

Net income 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

Issuance of Gaia, Inc. common stock for RSU releases, employee stock purchase plan, and share-based compensation 

Net income 

Balance at March 31, 2022 

() 

Issuance of Gaia, Inc. common stock for RSU releases, employee stock purchase plan, stock option exercises and share-based compensation 

Net income 

Balance at June 30, 2022 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at September 30, 2022 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 31 

GAIA, INC. 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Cash Flows 

Years ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Loss from discontinued operations 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Share-based compensation expense 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

() 

Deferred revenue 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities- continuing operations 

Net cash used in operating activities- discontinued operations 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Investing activities: 

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired, and purchase of intangible assets 

() 

() 

Additions to media library, software and equipment and other assets 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

Financing activities: 

Proceeds from borrowings under revolving line of credit 

Proceeds from the issuance of common stock 

Repayments of debt 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

() 

Cash at beginning of year 

Cash at end of year 

Supplemental cash flow information 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

Value of shares issued for acquisition and business combination 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 32 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 References in this report to we , us , our , Company or Gaia refer to Gaia, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless we indicate otherwise. 
 hours of unique content tailored to yoga consumers interested in the philosophy and lifestyle of yoga. We have prepared the accompanying consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP, and they include our accounts and those of our subsidiaries, over which we exercise control. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. 

allowance was needed at December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 . We compute depreciation of property and equipment on the straight-line method over estimated useful lives, generally 3 to years. We amortize building improvements over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets or remaining life of the building. Depreciation expense is included in selling and operating expense, and corporate, general and administration expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 We amortize our media library in cost of revenues on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the license period or the estimated useful life of the titles, which typically ranges from to . Our media library is reviewed at the film group level for impairment when an event or change in circumstances indicates that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Recoverability is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the film group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the film group. If the carrying amount exceeds the estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. 
 reporting unit; therefore, goodwill is assessed at the enterprise level. We review goodwill for impairment annually on December 31 or more frequently if indicators of impairment are identified. We have the option of first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of goodwill is less than its carrying amount. If it is determined that the estimated fair value of goodwill is more likely than not greater than the carrying amount of goodwill, then an impairment test is unnecessary. If it is determined that an impairment test is necessary, then we compare the estimated fair value of goodwill with its carrying amount. If the estimated fair value of goodwill exceeds its carrying amount, we consider the goodwill not impaired. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its estimated fair value, we will record an impairment loss for the difference. We use either a comparable market approach or a traditional present value method to test for potential impairment. The process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is highly subjective and requires significant judgment at many points during the analysis. Application of alternative assumptions and definitions could yield significantly different results. During 2022 and 2021 , impairment of goodwill was indicated. 
 impairment of long-lived assets was recognized. 

other assets or liabilities associated with this revenue stream. As this represents a strategic shift with a major effect on our operations and financial results, we have presented the results of operations related to winding up this line of business as discontinued operations on the accompanying statement of operations. 
 
 million and million, respectively. 

of an employee s contribution, up to an annual maximum matching contribution of . We made matching contributions to the 401(k) plan of million in each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 inputs. Valuations using Level 1 inputs are based on unadjusted quoted prices that are available in active markets for the identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date. Level 2 inputs utilize significant other observable inputs available at the measurement date, other than quoted prices included in Level 1, either directly or indirectly; and valuations using Level 3 inputs are based on significant unobservable inputs that cannot be corroborated by observable market data and reflect the use of significant management judgment. The carrying amounts of our cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and other current liabilities approximate their fair values. 

to percent and can exercise significant influence are accounted for using the equity method. Under this method of accounting, we record our proportionate share of the net earnings or losses of the equity method investee and a corresponding increase or decrease to the investment balance. We evaluate our equity method investments for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of such investments may not be recoverable. Our investment is carried at fair value, but we have used the practical expedient guidance to record at cost, with adjustments for other-than-temporary declines in fair value as applicable. We evaluate our investment for impairment annually and when factors indicate that a significant decrease in value has occurred. Variables considered in making such assessments may include near-term prospects of the investees and the investees capital structure, as well as other economic variables which reflect assumptions market participants may use in pricing these assets. If an investment is deemed to have experienced an other-than-temporary decline below its carrying value basis, we reduce the carrying amount of the investment to its quoted or estimated fair value, as applicable, and establish a new carrying value for the investment. We did t record any impairment charges on our investments during the years 2022 or 2021 . 

36 

Studio, computer and telephone equipment 

Media library: 

Acquired media 

Licensed media 

Produced media 

Produced media in progress 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

- commencing with the month the content is available on our site and is included in cost of revenues on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Amortization expense for our media library was million and million during 2022 and 2021, respectively. Future depreciation and amortization is expected to be: 

(in thousands) 
 
 Acquired Media 

Licensed Media 

Produced Media 

Website Development and Other Software 

Studio, Computer and Telephone Equipment 

Total 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

, Gaia, entered into and completed its acquisition of Yoga International pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger Merger Agreement ). At closing all of the issued and outstanding shares of Yoga International preferred and common stock were converted into the right to receive an aggregate of million in cash plus a total of shares of Gaia Class A common stock. The initial cash consideration was reduced by million to offset Yoga International s working capital shortfall at closing pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement. The determination of the number of shares issued pursuant to the Merger Agreement was based on the volume weighted average price of Gaia Class A common stock as listed on the Nasdaq Global Market during the ten trading-day period ending on December 16, 2021 (the third trading day before the last business day prior to the date of the Merger Agreement). Half of the shares of Gaia Class A common stock issued were subject to a six-month holdback arrangement and the other half were subject to a holdback until January 1, 2023. Included in the aggregate cash consideration was million of deferred cash consideration that was due and payable on March 1, 2022 subject to certain adjustments related to closing liabilities. We paid million of this deferred cash consideration in March 2022. These adjustments have been factored into the purchase price summarized below. The acquisition expanded Gaia s content library by hours of content and also added a stand-alone digital yoga subscription service to Gaia s offerings. With the acquisition, Gaia now has a subscription offering tailored to the unique needs of consumers focused on the lifestyle and philosophy of yoga. The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination and the total purchase price of million was allocated to the net tangible and intangible assets and liabilities based on their fair values on the acquisition date with the excess recorded as goodwill. The values assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on their fair values. As of December 31, 2022, we have finalized our purchase price allocation, which resulted in measurement period adjustments that increased goodwill by million, increased other liabilities by million and reduced content library by million. 

Cash consideration 

Total purchase price, as adjusted 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Media library, software and equipment 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Accounts payable and other liabilities 

() 

Deferred tax liability for acquired intangible assets 

() 

Deferred revenue 

() 

Total purchase price 

Content library 

Tradenames 

Total intangible assets acquired 

Customer relationships consists of the estimated value of future cash flows from current Yoga International members. These relationships are on a month-to-month basis for monthly plans and on an annual basis for annual plans. Content library consists of the fair value of approximately hours of original content acquired. Tradenames represent the value of the Yoga International brand. Goodwill generated from this acquisition primarily represents the value that is expected from the increased scale and synergies as a result of the integration of both businesses. Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. The estimated fair value of the intangible assets acquired was determined by Gaia. We engaged a third party expert to assist with the valuation analysis. The Company used a multi period excess earnings method to value customer relationships, a cost approach to value the content library and a relief from royalty method to value tradenames. The net tangible assets were valued at their respective carrying amounts as of the acquisition date, as we believe that these amounts approximate their current fair values. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Gaia incurred costs related to this acquisition of million and million, respectively, which are included in acquisition costs in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information gives effect to the acquisition of Yoga International as if it was consummated on January 1, 2021 (the beginning of the comparable prior reporting period). There were no material pro forma adjustments required. This unaudited data is presented for informational purposes only and is not intended to represent or be indicative of the results of operations that would have been reported had the acquisition occurred on January 1, 2021. It should not be taken as representative of future results of operations of the combined company. 

Net income (loss) 

undivided interest in a portion of our corporate campus on September 9, 2020 as further discussed in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2020, we reported the retained interest as investment in real estate and reclassified our real estate to investment, real estate and other assets on our accompanying consolidated balance sheets. In 2016, we purchased of the outstanding common stock and associated voting rights of a privately held Colorado corporation for million. We are accounting for this investment at fair value, but have utilized the practical expedient guidance to record at cost. As part of our initial investment, we have the right, but not the obligation, to purchase additional shares. If we elect not to utilize our right to purchase additional shares or transfer these rights to another party by certain deadlines, we may be required to surrender and forfeit our existing stock ownership. 

Studio building, net 

Investment, recorded at cost 

Other assets 

Other intangible assets, net 

Measurement period adjustment 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Tradenames 

Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

Unamortized Intangible Assets 

Domain names 

The customer related intangible assets are amortized on a over months. Amortization expense was thousand and thousand for 2022and 2021 , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

Accrued compensation 

Anticipated SEC settlement 

Deferred cash purchase consideration 

Accrued expenses 

through September 30, 2030, with two extensions . We record the right to use the underlying asset for the operating lease term as an asset and our obligation to make lease payments as a liability, based on the present value of the lease payments over the lease term. On commencement of the lease, we recorded a right-of-use asset and operating lease liability of million. 

Operating lease liability (current) 
 
 Accounts payable, accrued and other liabilities 

Operating lease liability (non-current) 
 
 Long-term lease liability 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Cash paid for operating lease liabilities 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Future lease payments, gross 

Less: Imputed interest 

() 

Operating lease liability 

41 

undivided interest in a portion of our corporate campus to Westside Boulder, LLC Westside ). Boulder Road retained a undivided interest in the property as well as full ownership of our studio and production facilities. Boulder Road received consideration of million in the transaction. On December 28, 2020, Boulder Road and Westside entered into a loan agreement with First Interstate Bank, as lender, providing for a mortgage loan in the principal amount of million. The mortgage bears interest at a fixed rate of per annum, matures on , is secured by a deed of trust on our corporate campus, a portion of which is owned by Boulder Road and Westside as tenants-in-common and the remainder of which is owned by Boulder Road. Westside and Boulder Road each received of the loan proceeds and are each responsible for of the monthly installments. Gaia guaranteed payment of the mortgage. The mortgage is subject to certain financial covenants related to the underlying property. On August 25, 2022 (the Closing Date ), Gaia, as borrower, and certain subsidiaries, as guarantors, entered into a Credit and Security Agreement (the Credit Agreement with KeyBank National Association KeyBank ). The Credit Agreement provides for a revolving credit facility in an aggregate amount of up to million with a sublimit of million available for issuances of letters of credit. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are available for working capital and general corporate purposes, but not to fund any permitted acquisitions or other investments. On December 31, 2022, million was drawn under the Credit Agreement, which is included in Long-term debt, net on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. Loans made, or letters of credit issued, under the Credit Agreement mature on and are secured (subject to permitted liens and other exceptions) by a first priority lien on all business assets, including intellectual property, of Gaia and the subsidiary guarantors. Any advance under the Credit Agreement shall bear interest at the Daily Simple SOFR rate (subject to a floor of ), plus, the SOFR Index Adjustment of , plus a margin of ; provided, that, during the existence of a Benchmark Unavailability Period or a SOFR Unavailability Period, advances shall bear interest at the Base Rate, which is a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal to the highest of (i) the Federal Funds Rate plus , (ii) KeyBank s prime rate, (iii) SOFR and (iv) , plus, in each instance, a margin of . The aggregate outstanding amount of advances under the Credit Agreement is required to be for at least consecutive days during the period commencing on the 12-month anniversary of the Closing Date and ending on the 24-month anniversary of the Closing Date. The Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants (each with customary exceptions), including limitations on the Company s ability to incur liens or debt, make investments, pay dividends, enter into transactions with its affiliates and engage in certain fundamental changes. Additionally, the Credit Agreement requires Gaia to maintain a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of not less than to 1.00 and to not permit the Leverage Ratio to exceed to 1.00 for any computation period. 

2024 

2025 

42 

million over a one-year period for these violations. At the same time, the CFO would consent, without admitting or denying any findings, to the entry of an administrative order: (1) finding that the CFO caused Gaia's misstatements in the April 29, 2019 earnings release and earnings call that is described above; and (2) requiring the CFO to pay a civil monetary penalty of million. The contemplated settlement with Gaia and the CFO involve violations that require only negligence rather than intentional conduct. There can be no assurance that the contemplated settlement will be finalized and approved. Based on Gaia's agreement in principle with the Staff, however, Gaia has accrued a liability in the amount of million. This liability is included in Accounts payable, accrued and other liabilities on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets and as a separate line in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Shares used in computation: 

Weighted-average common stock outstanding 

Common stock equivalents 

Weighted-average number of shares 

Diluted earnings (loss) per share 

() 

Employee stock options with exercise prices greater than the average market price of the common stock were excluded from the diluted calculation as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 

Each holder of our Class B common stock is entitled to There are no cumulative voting rights. All holders of our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock vote as a single class on all matters that are submitted to the shareholders for a vote, except as provided by law or as set forth in our charter. Shareholders may consent to an action in writing and without a meeting under certain circumstances. Jirka Rysavy, our chairman and CEO, holds of our outstanding shares of Class B common stock and also owns shares of Class A common stock. Consequently, our chairman holds approximately of our voting stock and is able to exert substantial influence over and to control matters requiring approval by shareholders, including the election of directors, increasing our authorized capital stock, or a merger or sale of substantially all of our assets. As a result of Mr. Rysavy s control of us, no change of control can occur without Mr. Rysavy s consent. Our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared by our board of directors out of legally available funds. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Gaia, our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock are entitled to share ratably in our assets remaining after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities. Holders of our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock have no preemptive, subscription or redemption rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our Class A common stock or our Class B common stock. Our Class B common stock may not be transferred unless converted into our Class A common stock, other than certain transfers to affiliates, a trust, family members, and charitable organizations. Shares of our Class B common stock are convertible -for-one into shares of our Class A common stock, at the option of the holder of the Class B common stock. 

Shares issued to employees upon exercise of stock options, vesting of restricted stock units, and employee stock purchase program 

Reserved under the ESPP 

Stock options outstanding under the 2009 Plan 

Restricted stock units outstanding under the 2009 Plan 

Restricted stock units outstanding under the 2019 Plan 

Total shares reserved for future issuance 

44 

. The purpose of the ESPP is to provide eligible employees an opportunity to purchase shares of our Class A common stock over time through regular payroll deductions. The ESPP initially reserved and authorized the issuance of up to a total of shares of our Class A common stock to participating employees, subject to certain adjustments. The number of shares of Class A common stock available for issuance under the ESPP will be increased on the first day of each year beginning with 2020 in an amount equal to the number of shares issued under the ESPP in the prior year. No participant may purchase more than shares of our Class A common stock during any offering period under the ESPP. In addition, under applicable tax rules, an employee may purchase no more than worth of shares of our Class A common stock, valued at the start of the offering period, under the ESPP for each calendar year. On April 29, 2019, the 2019 Plan became effective. This replaced the 2009 Plan, which lost the authority to grant new options under the 2009 Plan on . The purpose of the 2019 Plan is to advance the interests of our company and its shareholders by providing incentives to certain employees and other key individuals who perform services for us, including those who contribute significantly to the strategic and long-term performance objectives and growth of our company. No more than million shares of our Class A common stock, subject to certain adjustments, may be issued under the 2019 Plan, and the 2019 Plan terminates no later than . In 2015, we commenced issuing restricted stock units RSUs ). for employees and for directors, provided that the recipient is still an employee or director of Gaia on such date. The RSUs will be automatically forfeited and of no further force and effect if the vesting conditions are not met. We use intrinsic value method for RSUs, which due to the nature of these awards, is typically market price of our common stock on the date of grant. options were granted during 2022 or 2021 . The exercise price of our legacy outstanding options is generally equal to the closing market price of our stock at the date of the grant. We recognize the compensation expense related to share-based payment awards on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of the awards, which are generally for employees, and for board members. 

Restricted stock unit grants 

Exercised options 

Restricted stock unit vesting 

() 

Cancelled or forfeited restricted stock units and options 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable options at December 31, 2022 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

Total income tax impact on provision 

April 30, 2023 

March 31, 2024 

March 31, 2026 

March 31, 2027 

During 2022 and 2021, we recognized approximately million and million , respectively, of share-based compensation expense. Total share-based compensation expense is reported in selling and operating expenses and corporate, general and administration expenses on our condensed consolidated statements of operations. There were options exercised during 2022. During 2021 , options were exercised and we received approximately million in cash from exercises. We issue new shares upon the exercise of options and vesting of RSUs. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during 2021 was approximately million . The total fair value of options vested was million and million during 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 , there was million of unrecognized cost related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements granted under the 2009 and 2019 Plans. We expect that cost to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

Total current 

Deferred: 

Federal 

() 

State 

() 

Total deferred 

() 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

() 

in 2022 and 2021 

() 

Effect of permanent other differences 

Goodwill 

() 

Return to provision adjustments 

State income tax expense (benefit), net of federal benefit tax assets 

() 

Valuation allowance 

() 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

() 

Deferred income taxes reflect net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The components of the net accumulated deferred income tax assets (liabilities) are as follows: 

Depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Legal accrual 

Net operating loss carryforward 

Charitable carryforward 

Right of use lease asset 

() 

() 

Long-term lease 

Other 

Tax credits 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities, net of valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Periodically, we perform assessments of the realization of our net deferred tax assets considering all available evidence, both positive and negative. We determined that a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets of million and million for 2022 and 2021 , respectively, was necessary due to the cumulative loss incurred over a three-year period. We have federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively, of which million in federal net operating losses expire after . Net operating losses generated in 2018 and beyond do not expire. We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. We measure the tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such a position based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. The application of income tax law is inherently complex. Laws and regulations in this area are voluminous and are often ambiguous. As such, we are required to make many subjective assumptions and judgments regarding our income tax exposures. Interpretations of and guidance surrounding income tax law and regulations change over time and may result in changes to our subjective assumptions and judgments which can materially affect amounts recognized in our consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of operations. The result of our assessment of our uncertain tax positions did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. Our federal and state tax returns for all years after 2015 are subject to future examination by tax authorities for all our tax jurisdictions. We recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in interest and other income (expense) and corporate, general and administrative expenses, respectively. 

 47 

reportable segment. Geographic Information We have members in the United States and over 185 foreign countries. The major geographic territories are the U.S., Canada and Australia based on the billing location of the member. 

International 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Acco untants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Control s and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K were effective in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within Gaia have been detected. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, the effectiveness of our controls in future periods is uncertain and subject to the risk that 
 48 

controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 using the criteria set forth in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in its Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on that assessment, our management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 Item 9B. Othe r Information 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Of ficers and Corporate Governance 
 We incorporate herein the information required by this Item by reference to our Proxy Statement for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be held on April 20, 2023, to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and persons performing similar functions. We have posted a copy of our Code of Ethics on the Governance section of our website at http://ir.gaia.com/governance-docs . Our full board of directors must approve in advance any waivers of the Code of Ethics with respect to any executive officer or director. We will post any amendments or waivers from our Code of Ethics that apply to our executive officers and directors on the Governance section of our internet website located at http://ir.gaia.com/governance-docs . 
 Item 11. Executi ve Compensation 
 We incorporate herein the information required by this Item by reference to our Proxy Statement for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be held on April 20, 2023, to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial O wners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 We incorporate herein the information required by this Item by reference to our Proxy Statement for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be held on April 20, 2023, to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 See Part II, Item 5 for information regarding securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Relate d Transactions, and Director Independence 
 We incorporate herein the information required by this Item by reference to our Proxy Statement for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be held on April 20, 2023, to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A. 
 Item 14. Principal Accou ntant Fees and Services 
 We incorporate herein the information required by this Item by reference to our Proxy Statement for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be held on April 20, 2023, to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A. 
 
 49 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibit and Fina ncial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report are as follows: 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements. 

See listing of Consolidated Financial Statements included as part of this Form 10-K in Item 8 of Part II. 
 2. Exhibits: 

The following exhibits are incorporated by reference or are filed or furnished with this report as indicated below: 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 

2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of December 22, 2021, by and among Gaia, Inc., YI Merger Sub I, Inc., YI Merger Sub II, LLC, and Yoga International Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Gaia s Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2021 (No. 000-27517) 

3.1 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Gaiam, Inc. (now known as Gaia, Inc.) dated October 24, 1999 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Gaia s Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2016). 

3.2 
 Articles of Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Gaiam, Inc. (now known as Gaia, Inc.) dated October 4, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of Gaia s Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2016). 

3.3 
 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Gaia, Inc., dated July 14, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of Gaia s Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2016). 

3.4 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Gaiam, Inc. (now known as Gaia, Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Gaiam s Form 8-K filed November 30, 2007). 

4.1 
 Form of Gaia, Inc. Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Gaia s Form S-8 filed April 29, 2019). 

4.2 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Gaia s Form 10-K filed February 24, 2020). 

10.1 
 Gaiam, Inc. (now known as Gaia, Inc.) 2009 Long-Term Incentive Plan, dated January 15, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of Gaiam s proxy statement filed March 13, 2009 (No. 000-27517)). 

10.2 
 Form of Employee Stock Option Agreement, under Gaiam s (now known as Gaia) 2009 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of Gaiam s Form 10-K filed March 16, 2010 (No. 000-27517)). 

10.3 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Awards Agreement under Gaiam s (now known as Gaia) 2009 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Gaiam s Form 8-K filed July 8, 2016 (No. 000-27517)). 

10.5 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of Gaiam s (now known as Gaia) Form 10-K filed March 31, 2014 (No. 000-27517)). 

10.6 
 Gaia, Inc. 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan, dated April 25, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of Gaia s proxy statement filed March 8, 2019 (No. 000-27517)). 

10.7 
 Gaia, Inc. 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, dated April 25, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit B of Gaia s proxy statement filed March 8, 2019 (No. 000-27517)). 

10.8 
 Form of Employee Stock Option Agreement, under Gaia s 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of Gaia s Form 10-K filed February 24, 2020 (No. 000-27517)). 

10.9 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Awards Agreement under Gaia s 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of Gaia s Form 10-K filed February 24, 2020 (No. 000-27517)). 

50 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 

10.10 
 Master Lease dated as of September 9, 2020, between Boulder Road LLC, as lessee, and Boulder Road LLC and Westside Boulder, LLC, tenants in common, as lessors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Gaia s Form 8-K filed September 10, 2020 (No. 000-27517)). 

10.11 
 Loan Agreement dated as of December 28, 2020, between Boulder Road LLC and Westside Boulder Road, LLC, as borrower, and Great Western Bank, as lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Gaia s Form 8-K filed January 4, 2021 (No. 000-27517)). 

10.12 
 Unconditional Guaranty of Payment dated as of December 28, 2020, between Gaia, Inc., as guarantor and Great Western Bank, as lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Gaia s Form 8-K filed January 4, 2021 (No. 000-27517)). 

10.13 
 Credit and Security Agreement by and among Gaia, Inc., as Borrower, The Subsidiary Guarantors from time to time party hereto, and KeyBank National Association, as Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Gaia's Form 8-K filed August 26, 2022 (No. 000-27517)). 

21.1 
 List of Gaia, Inc. Subsidiaries (filed herewith). 

23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Accounting Firm (filed herewith) 

31.1 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (filed herewith). 

31.2 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (filed herewith). 

32.1 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 

32.2 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Ite m 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None 
 51 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

GAIA, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Jirka Rysavy 

Jirka Rysavy 

Chief Executive Officer 

March 6, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Jirka Rysavy Jirka Rysavy 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 6, 2023 

/s/ James Colquhoun James Colquhoun 
 
 Director 
 
 March 6, 2023 

/s/ Kristin Frank Kristin Frank 
 
 Director 
 
 March 6, 2023 

/s/ David Maisel David Maisel 
 
 Director 
 
 March 6, 2023 

/s/ Keyur Patel Keyur Patel 
 
 Director 
 
 March 6, 2023 

/s/ Paul Sutherland Paul Sutherland 
 
 Director 
 
 March 6, 2023 

/s/ Anaa Udaybabu Anaa Udaybabu 
 
 Director 
 
 March 6, 2023 

/s/ Paul Tarell Paul Tarell 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 6, 2023 

52 

<EX-21>
 2
 gaia-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 GAIA, INC. 
 SUBSIDIARIES 

Subsidiaries 
 
 State or Country of Incorporation or Registration 

Boulder Road, LLC 
 
 State of Colorado 

Gaia International, Inc. 
 
 State of Colorado 

Gaia Studios, Inc. 
 
 State of Colorado 

Yoga International, LLC 
 
 State of Pennsylvania 

All subsidiaries are 100 owned by Gaia, Inc. 
 This list omits subsidiaries which, considered in the aggregate, would not constitute a significant subsidiary. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 gaia-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-231112 and 333-161450) and the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-255734), of Gaia Inc. of our report dated March 6, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements which appears in this Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

/s/ Armanino LLP 
 Dallas, Texas 
 
 March 6, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 gaia-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Jirka Rysavy, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Gaia, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 6, 2023 

/s/ Jirka Rysavy 

Jirka Rysavy 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 gaia-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Paul Tarell, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Gaia, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 6, 2023 

/s/ Paul Tarell 

Paul Tarell 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 gaia-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the report of Gaia, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jirka Rysavy, Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date: March 6, 2023 

/s/ Jirka Rysavy 

Jirka Rysavy 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 7
 gaia-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the report of Gaia, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Paul Tarell, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date: March 6, 2023 

/s/ Paul Tarell 

Paul Tarell 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 gaia-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 gaia-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 gaia-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 gaia-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 gaia-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

