<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1840353_0001140361-23-015422.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7343914</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>518533</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1107945</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2282440</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1862283</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1285595</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-015422.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331170136
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-015422
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Twin Ridge Capital Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001840353
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40157
		FILM NUMBER:		23788951

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		999 VANDERBILT BEACH ROAD, SUITE 200
		CITY:			NAPLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34108
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-235-0292

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		999 VANDERBILT BEACH ROAD, SUITE 200
		CITY:			NAPLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34108

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-015422.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 brhc10049563_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
 1934

For the transition period from _________ to _________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

, 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class:

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange

 on which registered

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
 required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
 shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated
 filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer

Accelerated filer

Smaller reporting company

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the
 Securities Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15
 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
 previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the
 relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The registrant s units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, 0.0001 par value (the Class A ordinary shares ), and one-third of one redeemable warrant, began trading on The New York Stock Exchange
 (the NYSE on May 14, 2021. Commencing April 30, 2021, holders of the units were permitted to elect to separately trade the Class A ordinary shares and warrants included in the units.

The aggregate market value of the registrant s Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrants most recently completed second fiscal
 quarter), was approximately (based
 on the closing sales price of the ordinary shares on June 28, 2022 of 9.81)

As of March 31, 2023, Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class B ordinary shares ), were issued and outstanding.

Documents Incorporated by Reference: None.

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

CERTAIN TERMS 

ii

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

iv

SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 

v

PART I 

1 

Item 1.

Business 

1

Item 1A.

Risk Factors 

15 

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments 

54

Item 2.

Properties 

54

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings 

54 

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

54

PART II 

55 

Item 5.

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

55

Item 6.

Selected Financial Data. 

56

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

56

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

61

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

61

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

61

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures 

61

Item 9B.

Other Information 

63 

PART III 

64 

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Executive Officers 

64

Item 11.

Executive Compensation 

72

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 

73

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

74

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

76

PART IV 

77 

Item 15.

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

77 

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary 

78

i 

Table of Contents 

CERTAIN TERMS

Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report ), or the context otherwise requires, references to:

amended and restated memorandum and article of association means the amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association that the Company adopted prior to the consummation of our initial public offering , as amended on March 6, 2023 ;

Carbon Revolution means Carbon Revolution Limited (formerly known as Poppetell Limited), a private limited company incorporated in Ireland with registered number 607450. 

Companies Act means the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, as the same may be amended from time to time;

Class A ordinary shares means our shares of class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share;

Class B ordinary shares are to our shares of class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share;

founder shares means the 5,327,203 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding.

Founder Holders means the Sponsor, TRCA Subsidiary, Alison Burns, Paul Henrys and Gary Pilnick.

Industry Advisors means Tom Ben , John Bryant, Mike Duffy, Steve Louden, Christopher O Leary, Mike Polk and Bill Toler;

initial shareholders means all of our shareholders immediately prior to the date of this report, including all of our officers, Industry Advisors and directors to the extent they hold ordinary shares;

management or our management team means our executive officers and directors;

ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares;

private placement warrants means the warrants exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share issued to the Sponsor simultaneously with the closing of our initial public
 offering and concurrently with the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment after our initial public offering in separate private placements at a price of 1.50 per warrant; 

public warrants means the warrants included in the units issued in our initial public offering, each whole warrant being exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 per
 share.

public shares means our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market);

public shareholders means the holders of our public shares, including our Sponsor and management team to the extent our Sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our Sponsor s and each member
 of our management team s status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares;

Sponsor means Twin Ridge Capital Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company;

TRCA Subsidiary means Twin Ridge Capital Sponsor Subsidiary Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

ii 

Table of Contents 

warrants means our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants to the extent that they are no longer held by the initial purchasers of the private placement warrants or their
 permitted transferees; and

we, us, our, or Company means Twin Ridge Capital Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company.

iii 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Report, including, without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and our recently announced proposed business
 combination with Carbon Revolution, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the
 Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, 
 predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not
 limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current
 expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to:

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses;

our ability to complete our initial business combination, including our recently announced proposed business combination with Carbon Revolution;

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses;

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination;

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination;

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination;

our pool of prospective target businesses;

our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic;

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities;

our public securities potential liquidity and trading;

the lack of a market for our securities;

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance;

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or

our financial performance following our initial public offering.

The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurances that future
 developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
 to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these
 risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
 forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These risks and others described under Risk Factors may not be exhaustive.

iv 

Table of Contents 

SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS

The following is a summary of the principal risks described below in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe that the risks described in the Risk Factors section are material
 to investors, but other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely affect us. The following summary should not be considered an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing us, and it
 should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors section and the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

We are a company established for the purpose of identifying a company to partner with in order to effectuate a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization, or similar partnering transaction with no
 operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.

Past performance by our management team or our Industry Advisors or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us.

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a
 going concern. 

Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not
 support such a combination.

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote.

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination
 with a target.

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure.

The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination by the date by which we are required to consummate a business combination pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Termination
 Date may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach
 our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders.

Certain of our officers and directors have or will have direct and indirect economic interests in us and/or our Sponsor after the consummation of our initial public offering and such interests may potentially conflict with those of our
 public shareholders as we evaluate and decide whether to recommend a potential business combination to our public shareholders.

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent increases in inflation, coronavirus COVID-19 outbreak and
 the status of debt and equity markets.

v 

Table of Contents 

We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination by the Termination Date, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor, executive officers, Industry Advisors, directors or their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a
 proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants.

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed.

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a
 loss.

The NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A
 ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares.

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business
 combination by the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.

If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for the Termination Date, it could limit the amount available
 to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to
 complete our initial business combination.

Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial
 condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment.

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share.

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders.

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers.

vi 

Table of Contents 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover
 such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages.

Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain
 the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations.

vii 

Table of Contents 

PART I

Item 1. 

Business

General

We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on January 7, 2021. We were incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
 recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination.

We seek to capitalize on the nearly 100 years of combined investing and operating experience of our management team. We believe our management team is uniquely qualified to identify, acquire and operate businesses
 that can benefit from our industry, operating and investment experience, and the established relationships of our management team, Industry Advisors and board of directors to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders. While
 we may pursue an initial business combination target in any business, industry or geographical location, we intend to focus our search broadly within the consumer and distribution related and adjacent industries. Investment opportunities are
 sourced through our proprietary and differentiated network and deep relationships with executives, advisors, and intermediaries built over decades of investing in and operating consumer and distribution businesses.

Our company was founded by the senior executives of Twin Ridge Capital Management, LLC TRCM and is led by our Chairman, Dale F. Morrison, our Co-Chief Executive Officer and President, Sanjay K. Morey and our
 Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, William P. Russell, Jr. We believe that we derive significant benefit from our affiliation with TRCM. Founded in 2011, TRCM is a private investment firm that makes investments in consumer
 and distribution companies, with a particular focus on investing in food, food distribution, and other food-related companies. The firm s investment thesis is to identify strong companies led by excellent management teams with the desire to take
 on an active partner who can help drive transformational operational change in their business. For each investment opportunity, TRCM develops detailed investment theses and operational improvement plans which have the potential to create highly
 attractive returns. Over the course of their careers, the partners of TRCM have overseen approximately 2.9 billion in equity capital across 30 investments.

On March 6, 2023, we held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders Extension Meeting to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by
 which we have to consummate a business combination. In connection with that vote, the holders of 15,042,168 Class A ordinary shares of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate redemption amount of
 approximately 153,567,547 or 10.21 per share. After the satisfaction of such redemptions and receipt of the initial deposit of 480,000 to the Trust Account, the balance in our trust account was approximately 64,457,034.

Proposed Carbon Revolution Business Combination

Business Combination Agreement and Scheme Implementation Deed

On November 29, 2022, the Company, Carbon Revolution, Carbon Revolution Limited (formerly known as Poppetell Limited), a private limited company incorporated in Ireland with registered number
 607450 MergeCo ), and Poppettell Merger Sub, a Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly-owned subsidiary of MergeCo Merger Sub and, together with the Company, Carbon Revolution and MergeCo, collectively, the Parties and each a
 Party ), entered into a business combination agreement (the Business Combination Agreement ), and on November 30, 2022 Carbon Revolution, the Company and MergeCo entered into the Scheme Implementation Deed (the Scheme Implementation Deed ).

Entry into the Business Combination Agreement and the Scheme Implementation Deed, and the respective transactions contemplated thereby (the Transactions were unanimously approved by the board
 of directors of each of the Company and Carbon Revolution.

The Business Combination and the Scheme Implementation Deed

1 

Table of Contents 

The Business Combination Agreement provides for the business combination, pursuant to which, among other things, the Company shall be merged with and into MergerSub, with Merger Sub surviving
 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of MergeCo (the Surviving Company ), (the Merger ), subject to, among other things, the approval of the Company s shareholders.

Under the Scheme Implementation Deed, Carbon Revolution has agreed to propose a scheme of arrangement under Part 5.1 of the Corporations Act 2001 
 (Cth) (the Scheme and a capital reduction under Part 2J.1 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (the Capital Reduction which, if implemented, will result in all shares of Carbon Revolution (the
 Carbon Revolution Shares being cancelled in return for consideration, with Carbon Revolution issuing a share to MergeCo (resulting in Carbon Revolution becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of MergeCo), subject to Carbon Revolution shareholder
 approval, approval of the Federal Court of Australia and the satisfaction of various other conditions (a full list of the conditions is set out in the Scheme Implementation Deed).

Concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement and the Scheme Implementation Deed, certain members of management and all the directors of Carbon Revolution entered into
 voluntary escrow deeds with Carbon Revolution, pursuant to which, such individuals agreed to certain lock-up restrictions on Carbon Revolution Shares held by each such member of management or director of Carbon Revolution, as applicable,
 effective from November 29, 2022 until the Implementation Date (as defined in the Scheme Implementation Deed) of the Scheme.

Consideration

Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Scheme Implementation Deed, shareholders of Carbon Revolution will receive, in exchange for each Carbon Revolution Share, a number of
 ordinary shares of MergeCo (the MergeCo Ordinary Shares pursuant to the Scheme Implementation Deed (as at the Scheme Record Date (as defined in the Scheme Implementation Deed)) calculated in the following manner: 200,000,000 (y)(i) less
 Outstanding Debt (as defined in the Scheme of Arrangement Share Scheme) (ii) plus Cash (as defined in the Scheme of Arrangement Share Scheme) and (z) divided by US 10.00, with such total amount, divided by the total number of the Carbon
 Revolution Shares on issue as at the Scheme Record Date (or which would be on issue if all securities of Carbon Revolution convertible into Carbon Revolution Shares had converted on such date).

Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of any party or holder of securities, at the SPAC
 Merger Effective Time (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) (a) each of the Company s Class B ordinary shares shall convert automatically on a one-for-one basis, into the Company s Class A ordinary shares (the Pre-Merger
 Conversion ), (b) immediately after the Pre-Merger Conversion, each Class A ordinary share will be automatically cancelled in exchange for one validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable MergeCo Ordinary Share, (c) the public warrants shall
 be automatically exchanged for one warrant to acquire one MergeCo Ordinary Share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share MergeCo Public Warrants ), subject to substantially the same terms and conditions set forth in the warrant agreement
 pursuant to which such public warrant was issued immediately prior to the SPAC Merger Effective Time (d) each private placement warrant shall be automatically exchanged for one MergeCo Public Warrant (each, a MergeCo Founder Warrant with
 each such MergeCo Founder Warrant being subject to substantially the same terms and conditions set forth in the warrant agreement pursuant to which such SPAC Private Warrant was issued immediately prior to the SPAC Merger Effective Time and (e)
 each ordinary share of Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior to the SPAC Merger Effective Time shall be converted into, and exchanged for, one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable ordinary share, par value 0.0001 per
 share, of the Surviving Company.

Representations and Warranties, and Covenants

Under the Business Combination Agreement and the Scheme Implementation Deed, the parties thereto made customary representations and warranties for transactions of this type, with respect to the
 parties, the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement and the Scheme Implementation Deed and their respective business operations and activities. The representations and warranties made under the Business Combination
 Agreement and the Scheme Implementation Deed shall terminate and expire upon the occurrence of the closing of the transactions contemplated thereby. The representations and warranties made under the Business Combination Agreement and the Scheme
 Implementation Deed are solely for the benefit of the parties thereto.

2 

Table of Contents 

In addition, the parties to the Business Combination Agreement and Scheme Implementation Deed agreed to be bound by certain covenants that are, collectively, customary for transactions of this
 type, including (a) the requirement to take all necessary steps and exercise all rights necessary to implement the Merger and the Scheme in accordance with the Timetable (as defined in the Scheme Implementation Deed), (b) the preparation and
 filing of the Registration Statement on Form F-4 filed by MergeCo in connection with the registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act of the MergeCo Shares to be issued in connection with the Scheme, which
 Form F-4 contains the proxy statement for the Company s shareholders (the SPAC Proxy Statement ), (c) restrictions on the conduct of Carbon Revolution s, the Company s and MergeCo s respective businesses prior to the consummation of the
 transactions contemplated thereby and (d) exclusivity provisions, subject to certain exceptions including a fiduciary exception where either the Company or Carbon Revolution board determines in good faith that a competing proposal is or could
 reasonably be expected to become a Superior Proposal or SPAC Superior Transaction (as applicable) (each as defined in the Scheme Implementation Deed) and not considering such Superior Proposal or SPAC Superior Transaction (as applicable) would
 or would be reasonably likely to constitute a breach of fiduciary or statutory duties by the Company or Carbon Revolution board (as applicable) owed to the Company or Carbon Revolution shareholders (as applicable), and (e) that each of Carbon
 Revolution and the Company will not, and must ensure that each of their Related Parties and Related Bodies Corporate (as those terms are defined in the Scheme Implementation Deed) do not, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, invite, encourage
 or initiate any inquiry, expression of interest, offer, proposal or discussion by any person in relation to a Competing Proposal in respect of Carbon Revolution, or SPAC Competing Transaction in respect of the Company (as each is defined in the
 Scheme Implementation Deed), (ii) facilitate, participate in or continue any negotiations or discussions with respect to any inquiry, expression of interest, offer, proposal or discussion with any person relating to an actual, proposed or
 potential Competing Proposal in respect of Carbon Revolution, or an actual or potential SPAC Competing Transaction in respect of the Company or (iii) negotiate, accept or enter into, or agree to negotiate, accept, or enter into, any agreement,
 arrangement or understanding relating to an actual, proposed or potential Competing Proposal in respect of Carbon Revolution, or an actual or potential SPAC Competing Transaction in respect of the Company.

Conditions to Each Party s Obligations

Consummation of each of the Merger and the Scheme is subject to conditions that are customary for a transaction of this type, including, among others: (a) receipt of written notice advising that
 the Foreign Investment Review Board of Australia FIRB has no objection to the Merger and the Scheme, or expiration of the applicable waiting period for FIRB; (b) there being no temporary, preliminary or final order, injunction, decision or
 decree issued by any court of competent jurisdiction or government agency which restrains, prohibits, or prevents, implementation of the Scheme or the Merger; (c) approval by the Company s shareholders of certain proposals to be set forth in
 the SPAC Proxy Statement; (d) approval by Carbon Revolution shareholders of the Scheme and the Capital Reduction; (e) approval by an Australian court of the Scheme; (f) the issue of an independent expert s report by an independent expert (as
 appointed by Carbon Revolution) which concludes that the Scheme and the Capital Reduction are in the best interest of the shareholders of Carbon Revolution; (g) the MergeCo Ordinary Shares to be issued pursuant to the Scheme Implementation Deed
 being approved for listing on a national exchange in the United States and (h) the Registration Statement on Form F-4 containing the SPAC Proxy Statement being declared effective in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act.

Termination

The Business Combination Agreement and Scheme Implementation Deed each include customary termination provisions.

The Scheme Implementation Deed may be terminated under certain customary and limited circumstances prior to 8:00am on the Second Court Date (as defined in the Scheme Implementation Deed), including:

3 

Table of Contents 

(a) by Carbon Revolution if the Company (in the case of a termination by Carbon Revolution) or the Company if Carbon Revolution, MergeCo or MergerSub (in the case of a termination by the Company)
 (1) has materially breached the Scheme Implementation Deed or the Business Combination Agreement and the party in breach has failed to remedy the breach within ten business days (or such shorter period ending at 5:00pm on the business day
 before the Second Court Date) after receipt by it of a notice in writing from the terminating party setting out details of the relevant circumstances and stating an intention to terminate the Scheme Implementation Deed, (2) if the Federal Court
 of Australia or another government agency (including any other court) has taken any action permanently restraining or otherwise prohibiting or preventing the Merger or the Scheme, or has refused to do anything necessary to permit the Merger and
 the Scheme to be implemented by the End Date (as defined in the Scheme Implementation Deed), and the action or refusal has become final and cannot be appealed or reviewed or the party, acting reasonably, believes that there is no realistic
 prospect of an appeal or review succeeding by the End Date, (3) if the Effective Date (as defined in the Scheme Implementation Deed) of the Scheme has not occurred, or will not occur, on or before the End Date, or (4) if the shareholders of
 Carbon Revolution have not agreed to the Scheme and Capital Reduction at the Scheme Meeting (as defined in the Scheme Implementation Deed) by the requisite majorities;

(b) by the Company, (1) if there is a Carbon Revolution Prescribed Occurrence or Carbon Revolution Regulated Event (each as defined
 in the Scheme Implementation Deed), or (2) if any director of Carbon Revolution fails to recommend the Scheme and the Capital Reduction, withdraws, adversely changes, adversely modifies or adversely qualifies their support of the Scheme or
 their recommendation that shareholders of Carbon Revolution vote in favor of the Scheme, or makes a public statement indicating that he or she no longer recommends the Transactions or recommends, supports or endorses another transaction,
 other than where any such director is required or requested by a court or government agency to abstain or withdraw from making a recommendation that the shareholders of Carbon Revolution vote in favor of the Scheme after the date of the
 Scheme Implementation Deed; or (c) by Carbon Revolution if (1) at any time before 8:00 am on the Second Court Date, the board of directors of Carbon Revolution or a majority of the board of directors of Carbon Revolution has changed,
 withdrawn, modified or qualified its recommendation in respect of the Scheme as permitted under the Scheme Implementation Deed, (2) if there is a SPAC Prescribed Occurrence (as defined in the Scheme Implementation Deed), (3) if any director
 of the Company fails to recommend the Transactions, withdraws, adversely changes, adversely modifies or adversely qualifies their support of the Scheme and Merger or their recommendation that the Company s shareholders vote in favor of the
 SPAC Proposals and SPAC Extension Proposals (each as defined in the Scheme Implementation Deed), (4) if the Company enters into any legally binding agreement, arrangement or understanding giving effect to any actual, proposed or potential
 SPAC Competing Transaction (as defined in the Scheme Implementation Deed), or (5) if by June 8, 2023, the Company has not obtained shareholder approval to
 extend the deadline for completing a business combination as necessary to at least May 31, 2023 or such other date as the parties reasonably agree.

The Business Combination Agreement may be terminated under the following customary and limited circumstances prior to the SPAC Merger Effective Time: (a) upon termination of the Scheme
 Implementation Deed in accordance with its terms; or (b) by mutual written consent of the Company and Carbon Revolution.

Related Agreements

Sponsor Side Letter

Concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement and the Scheme Implementation Deed, the Sponsor, the TRCA Subsidiary, Alison Burns Burns ), Paul Henrys Henrys and Gary
 Pilnick Pilnick together with Burns and Henrys, the Independent Directors and Dale Morrison Morrison ), Sanjay K. Morey Morey and William P. Russell, Jr. Russell , and together with Morrison and Morey, the Other Insiders , and
 together with Sponsor, TRCA Subsidiary and the Independent Directors, the Sponsor Parties ), the Company, Carbon Revolution and MergeCo entered into a Sponsor Side Letter (the Sponsor Side Letter ), pursuant to which the Sponsor Parties have
 agreed to take, or not take, certain actions during the period between the execution of the Sponsor Side Letter and the consummation of the Merger, including, (i) to vote any ordinary shares of the Company owned by such Sponsor Party (all such
 shares, the Covered Shares in favor of the Merger and the Scheme and other related proposals at the shareholders meeting of the Company, and any other special meeting of the Company s shareholders called for the purpose of soliciting
 shareholder approval in connection with the consummation of the Merger and the Scheme, (ii) to waive the anti-dilution rights or similar protections with respect to the Class B ordinary shares owned by such party as set forth in the governing
 documents of the Company, or otherwise, and (iii) not to redeem any Covered Shares (as defined in the Sponsor Side Letter) owned by such Sponsor Party.

4 

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the Sponsor Side Letter, Sponsor has also agreed that, immediately prior to the consummation of the Merger, and conditioned upon the consummation of the Merger, 327,203 of the
 5,267,203 Class B ordinary shares beneficially owned by Sponsor shall be automatically forfeited and surrendered to the Company for no additional consideration.

Standby Equity Purchase Agreement

Concurrently with the parties entering into the Business Combination Agreement and Scheme Implementation Deed, the Company entered into a Standby Equity Purchase Agreement (the CEF with YA II
 PN, Ltd. Yorkville pursuant to which, subject to the consummation of the Transactions, MergeCo has the option, but not the obligation, to issue, and Yorkville shall subscribe for, an aggregate amount of up to 60 million of MergeCo Ordinary
 Shares at the time of MergeCo s choosing during the term of the agreement, subject to certain limitations, including caps on exchanges, issuances and subscriptions based on trading volumes. Each advance under the CEF (an Advance may be in an
 amount of MergeCo Ordinary Shares up to the greater of 10 million or the aggregate daily trading volume of MergeCo Ordinary Shares in the five trading days prior to MergeCo requesting an Advance. The purchase price for an Advance is determined
 at the option of MergeCo and is either (a) 95 of the average daily VWAP (as defined below) during the applicable one-day pricing period or (b) 97 of the lowest daily VWAP during the applicable three consecutive trading day pricing period. 
 VWAP means, for any trading day, the daily volume weighted average price of MergeCo Ordinary Shares for such date on the securities listing exchange that the MergeCo Ordinary Shares are trading as of such date during regular trading hours as
 reported by Bloomberg L.P. The CEF will continue for a term of three years commencing from the sixth trading day following the closing of the business combination, unless prior terminated pursuant to its terms.

Underwriting Agreement

As representatives of the underwriters from our initial public offering, Barclays Capital Inc. Barclays and Evercore Group L.L.C. Evercore were entitled
 to deferred underwriting commission of approximately 3,729,042 and 3,729,042, respectively, which commission would have been waived by the underwriters in the event that the Company did not complete an initial business combination, subject
 to the terms of the underwriting agreement entered into in connection with our initial public offering. The deferred fee is payable only if a business combination is consummated, without regard to the number of the Class A ordinary shares
 redeemed by the public shareholders in connection with a business combination. On November 15, 2022, the Company received formal letters from each of Barclays and Evercore, that each bank has agreed to waive its right to the deferred
 underwriting commission, and did not receive any payment from the Company in connection with the fee waiver and will not receive any payment from the Company in connection with the business combination, other than Barclay s receipt of
 reimbursement for reasonable expenses. Each of Barclays and Evercore has not performed any additional services for the Company after our initial public offering for any contingent fees, and is not expected to perform any additional services
 following the consummation of the business combination. The waiver of fees for services that have already been rendered is unusual. Our board of directors does not expect that the waiver of the deferred underwriting commission will have any
 significant impact on the business combination other than reducing the amount of expenses associated with the business combination.

Employees

We currently have three executive officers: Dale F. Morrison, Sanjay K. Morey and William P. Russell. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to
 devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for
 our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Also, Dale F. Morrison, as Chairman, does
 not have day-to-day control of our affairs and is not involved in our day-to-day operations.

Industry Advisors

We have assembled a large and highly accomplished team of Industry Advisors, each of whom invested in our Sponsor, to assist us in the sourcing, evaluation, due diligence, deal execution and value-creation strategies
 of prospective business combination partners. With their in-depth industry knowledge, extensive domain and transaction experience and exceptionally broad professional networks, our Industry Advisors are important partners to our management team.

We believe the experience of our Industry Advisors is a differentiating element in our approach, magnifies the breadth and depth of industry sectors where we have expertise and increases our likelihood of finding and
 completing a suitable business combination. Importantly, we believe our Industry Advisors can potentially fill critical roles in the leadership teams or on the board of directors of prospective business combination partners while also providing
 access to their vast network of industry executives, helping our management team drive value-creation strategies at the combined company.

5 

Table of Contents 

Our Industry Advisors are Tom Ben , John Bryant, Mike Duffy, Steve Louden, Christopher O Leary, Mike Polk and Bill Toler.

Tom Ben is a consumer and distribution industry executive with over 30 years of experience. Mr. Ben spent 7 years at Sysco, the world s largest foodservice distributor, where he served as Chairman, President and
 Chief Executive Officer from 2018 to 2020, and where he had previously served as Chief Operating Officer, President of Foodservice Operations and Chief Commercial Officer from 2013 through 2017. Before Sysco, Mr. Ben had a 23-year career with
 PepsiCo, from 1989-2013, rising through the ranks initially with Pepsi-Cola in roles such as Market Unit General Manager, Senior Vice President of Sales Franchise Development and President of Pepsi-Cola North America, and later with PepsiCo
 as President of PepsiCo s Foodservice Division. Mr. Ben currently serves as President CEO of Breakthru Beverage Group, a position he has held since October of 2021. He is responsible for advancing the next phase of the company s evolution
 focusing on growth and expansion, accelerating technology, innovation and executing with excellence for supplier and customer partners. Prior to joining Breakthru, Mr. Ben served as the President and CEO of the National Restaurant Association,
 the Washington, D.C.-based trade association representing the nation s restaurant and foodservice industry. Additionally, Mr. Ben is the past Chair of the American Beverage Association and has served on the Executive Committee of the Women s
 Foodservice Forum. Mr. Ben holds a B.S. in Business Administration from the University of Kansas.

John Bryant is a consumer industry executive with over 30 years of experience. Mr. Bryant previously served as Chairman from 2014 to 2018 and Chief Executive Officer from 2011 to 2017 of the Kellogg Company. While at
 Kellogg, which he joined in 1998, Mr. Bryant held a variety of roles before being named Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, such as Chief Financial Officer, President of Kellogg North America, President of Kellogg International and Chief
 Operating Officer. Mr. Bryant currently serves on the boards of directors of Macy s, Coca-Cola European Partners, Compass Group PLC and Ball Corporation. Mr. Bryant holds a BCOM from Australian National University and an M.B.A. from the Wharton
 School of the University of Pennsylvania.

Mike Duffy is a distribution and supply chain industry executive with over 20 years of experience. Mr. Duffy is the CEO of Fleetpride Inc., a position he has held since 2021. From 2018 to 2020, Mr. Duffy served as
 Chief Executive Officer of C S Wholesale Grocers. From 2006 to 2017, Mr. Duffy was at Cardinal Health, where he ultimately served as President of Hospital Solutions and Global Supply Chain. Other experience includes leadership roles in the
 value chain for both Gillette and Procter Gamble where he collectively worked from 2001 to 2006. Additionally, Mr. Duffy has been a board member of the Food Marketing Institute and the Retail Industry Leaders Association and currently
 serves on the board of directors for Republic Services. Mr. Duffy holds a B.S. in Operations Research and an M.S. in Transportation from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

Steve Louden is currently the Chief Financial Officer of Roku, Inc., where he has served in this role since 2015. From 2009 to 2015, Mr. Louden served in various capacities at Expedia, Inc., an Internet travel
 company, including as its Vice President, Corporate Finance and most recently serving as its Treasurer. Prior to joining Expedia, Mr. Louden held finance, strategy and planning roles at Washington Mutual, Inc., McKinsey Company and the Walt
 Disney Company, and began his career as a financial analyst with Merrill Lynch and Co., Inc. Additionally, Steve Louden serves on the Board of Directors for Zumiez Inc., where he chairs the audit committee and is a member of the compensation
 committee. Mr. Louden holds a B.A. in Economics and Mathematics from Claremont McKenna College and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.

Christopher O Leary is a consumer industry executive with over 40 years of experience. Mr. O Leary is a current senior advisor and former partner of TRCM. Mr. O Leary was previously Chief Operating Officer and
 Executive Vice President at General Mills from 2006 to 2017, a top global food company, with revenues of 17 billion and over 35,000 employees in over 100 countries. Mr. O Leary also was President of the Betty Crocker Division from 1999 to 2001
 and President of the Meals Division from 2001 to 2006. Prior to General Mills, Mr. O Leary spent 17 years at PepsiCo from 1981 to 1997, rising through the marketing ranks. His last position at PepsiCo was President and Chief Executive Officer of
 Frito-Lay Canada. Mr. O Leary also serves on the boards of Tupperware Brands (of which he was the former interim Chief Executive Officer) and Telephone and Data Systems, Inc. Mr. O Leary holds a B.B.A. degree in Marketing from Pace University and
 an M.B.A. from New York University.

6 

Table of Contents 

Michael Polk has over 35 years of experience at industry-leading consumer and commercial products companies. Since February 2020, Mr. Polk has been an advisory director at Berkshire Partners and Chief Executive
 Officer of Implus LLC, a leading sports accessories company, where he also serves on the board. Prior to his role at Implus, Mr. Polk served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Newell Brands beginning in July 2011 until his retirement in
 June 2019. He served on the Board of Directors of Newell Brands from November 2009 through June 2019. Prior to joining Newell Brands, Mr. Polk spent eight years at Unilever PLC where he was a member of the Unilever Executive Committee and sixteen
 years at Kraft Foods where he was a member of both the Kraft Foods North America and Kraft Foods International Management Committees. Mr. Polk started his career at the Procter Gamble Company. Mr. Polk has outstanding global marketing,
 consumer innovation, customer development and operations leadership experience. Mr. Polk has been successful in leading multibillion dollar brands, in managing diverse product categories and navigating complex geographies. Mr. Polk serves on the
 Board of Directors of Colgate-Palmolive Company, where he chairs the Personnel and Organization Committee and serves on the Board of Logitech International, where he chairs the Compensation Committee. Mr. Polk holds a B.S. in Operation Research
 and Industrial Engineering and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.

Bill Toler is a consumer industry executive with over 35 years of executive leadership experience in supply chain and consumer packaged goods. Mr. Toler is currently Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Hydrofarm
 Holdings which he joined in 2019, the nation s oldest and largest manufacturer of hydroponics equipment. Prior to Hydrofarm, he served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Hostess Brands from 2014 to 2018, one of the largest packaged food
 companies focused on developing and manufacturing sweet goods, where he helped re-establish the company as a leader within the sweet baked goods category and helped return it to profitability. Additionally, Mr. Toler served as a senior advisor
 for the investment management firm Oaktree Capital Management, served on the board of directors of Collier Creek Holdings, and was previously Chief Executive Officer of AdvancePierre Foods from 2008 to 2013. He has also held executive roles at
 Pinnacle Foods, Campbell Soup Company, Nabisco and Procter Gamble. Mr. Toler holds a B.A. in Business Management and Economics from North Carolina State University.

Our Industry Advisors assist our management team with sourcing and evaluating business opportunities and with devising plans and strategies to optimize any business that we acquire following the consummation of our
 initial public offering. However, unlike our management team, our Industry Advisors are not responsible for managing our day-to-day affairs and have no authority to engage in substantive discussions with business combination targets on our
 behalf. Our Industry Advisors, each of whom invested in our Sponsor, are not paid but may be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating, negotiating and completing an initial business combination. We have not
 currently entered into any formal arrangements or agreements with our Industry Advisors to provide services to us and they have no fiduciary obligations to present business opportunities to us.

In addition, certain senior principals of HPS Investment Partners, LLC HPS ), a leading global investment firm with 67 billion of assets under management, also invested personally in our Sponsor. TRCM has had a
 multi-year advisory relationship with HPS.

Our Directors

Alison Burns is a marketing, branding and communications professional whose career has spanned more than 30 years, and has been split between the United Kingdom and the United States, focused increasingly on
 multinational brands. Before her current independent consulting stint, Ms. Burns spent ten years at WPP s J. Walter Thompson from 2006 to 2016, as Chief Executive Officer of the firm s flagship London office and then in New York, where she led
 several of the firm s most prestigious and globally significant client accounts, including Rolex, Kelloggs and Unilever haircare. Ms. Burns prior experience includes five years as President of Fallon from 1998 to 2003, where she led Fallon
 through a period of rapid growth and creative distinction, adding assignments from Starbucks, Pepsico, Georgia-Pacific and Viacom. From 1994 to 1998 Alison served as a senior global marketer for Pepsico, based in Dallas and New York, helming
 international marketing for Pizza Hut and then domestic marketing for the Fountain Beverage Division. Other experience includes a decade in senior roles in UK Advertising firms, running accounts as diverse as political campaigns, confectionery,
 fashion and financial services. Ms. Burns has guest-lectured at Columbia and NYU, served on the boards of both Hale and Hearty Soups and the International Advertising Association and currently serves as a senior advisor to Powell Communications,
 a boutique public relations firm based in New York. Alison holds a B.A. in English and Politics from the University of York.

7 

Table of Contents 

Paul Henrys has over 25 years in finance, strategy and supply chain. Mr. Henrys is currently Chief Financial Officer of Feeding America, the nation s largest hunger relief organization, where he leads finance and
 strategic planning. Mr. Henrys also serves as Treasurer of the Feeding America Board of Directors. Prior to joining Feeding America in 2013, Mr. Henrys spent eight years from 2004 to 2013 in finance and strategy at US Foods, a leading foodservice
 distributor. Mr. Henrys most recent role at US Foods was Senior Vice President of Financial Planning and Analysis. Mr. Henrys also has five years of experience in the supply chain technology industry, where he successfully managed several
 consulting projects from 1999 to 2004. Mr. Henrys began his career in strategy consulting, with a firm now known as Oliver Wyman from 1994 to 1999, where he managed project teams to identify and successfully implement supply chain and strategic
 business opportunities. Mr. Henrys serves on the board of directors of the Global Food Banking Network and is the finance committee chair. Mr. Henrys has a B.A. from Harvard University.

Gary Pilnick is a corporate development and legal executive with over 30 years of experience, with over 20 years in the food and consumer products industries. Mr. Pilnick joined Kellogg Company in 2000. Mr. Pilnick
 has served as the Vice Chairman, Corporate Development and Chief Legal Officer of the Kellogg Company since 2016 and is a member of the executive committee. Prior to his current role, Mr. Pilnick served as the Senior Vice President, General
 Counsel and Secretary of Kellogg Company, a role he assumed in 2003 after joining in 2000. Mr. Pilnick s other experience includes leadership roles at Sara Lee Corporation from 1997 to 2000, where he ultimately served as Vice President and Chief
 Counsel, Sara Lee Branded Apparel and Specialty Foods Corporation where he served as Vice President and Chief Corporate Counsel from 1995 to 1997. Prior to this, Mr. Pilnick worked for Jenner and Block in Chicago and Tokyo. Mr. Pilnick holds a
 B.A. in Government and Business from Lafayette College, and a J.D. from Duke University School of Law.

Our Business Strategy

Our acquisition and value creation strategy is to identify, acquire and build a company in the consumer or distribution sector that complements the experience of our management team, Industry Advisors and directors
 and that can benefit from their collective operational experience of over 200 years.

We are evaluating a broad range of targets across all segments of the consumer and distribution industries including, without limiting our scope, businesses that focus on the food, food distribution, and other
 food-related industries. We believe these are attractive industries with compelling market dynamics. We believe there are a large number of companies operating within these sizeable and growing sectors which possess various attractive qualities
 that are key to successful public companies such as resilient financial profiles through economic cycles, predictable revenues and high cash flow generation, scale opportunities, brand equity and innovation, and both organic and inorganic growth
 opportunities

Our management team, Industry Advisors and directors bring together a number of competitive strengths that contribute in our ability to successfully execute a transaction within these industries, including:

a track record of successfully identifying and acquiring companies and deploying a value creation toolkit to deliver shareholder value over an extended time period;

substantial depth of industry experience which enables us to understand market trends, quickly evaluate business models and gauge their fit with our investment criteria;

significant experience leading many of North America s largest consumer and distribution companies, and developing and executing shareholder value creation programs including recruiting world-class management, identifying growth
 opportunities, delivering operating efficiencies and successfully integrating strategic acquisitions;

8 

Table of Contents 

a deep network of senior-level industry executives who can be recruited to enhance target company management teams to help accelerate implementation of our value creation initiatives;

a vast and highly leverageable deal sourcing network providing significant reach and access to a comprehensive opportunity set imperative to the sourcing process for our initial business combination;

a history of accessing the public capital markets across various business cycles, including assisting companies with the transition to public ownership and providing leadership within public companies; and

a deep expertise in proprietary and brokered deal sourcing, financial and operational due diligence, transaction negotiation and execution, equity and debt financing and managing multiple acquisitions.

Members of our management team, Industry Advisors and directors are utilizing their networks of relationships to articulate the parameters of our search for a target company and a potential business combination and
 begin the process of pursuing and reviewing potentially interesting leads. In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, which may include investment market
 participants, private equity groups, investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises.

Our Acquisition Criteria

In line with our business strategy, our management team has identified certain criteria and non-exhaustive guidelines that helps inform our evaluation of prospective targets. Although we may decide to enter into our
 initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the criteria described below, it is our intention to acquire companies with the following characteristics:

fundamentally sound but underperforming their potential and exhibit unrecognized value creation opportunities;

can benefit from our team s ability to harness its extensive industry sector experience and professional networks to develop and implement our collection of value-creation operational strategies;

strong competitive market positioning driven by brand equity, advantages of scope or scale, differentiated products or services, proprietary technology, robust infrastructure or strong customer or supplier relationships;

attractive financial profile with multiple avenues for continued future growth and margin upside that result in sustainable free cash flow generation;

experienced and public-ready management team with internal reporting and control systems that can comply with the requirements of a public listing; and

potential to offer an attractive risk-adjusted return for our shareholders across business cycles.

Given the strength of our relationships, network, reputation, expertise and proprietary deal flow, our management team is provided with a robust flow of acquisition opportunities. We believe we are well-positioned to
 identify potential target businesses with appropriate valuations which can benefit from new capital for growth and a public listing.

Our Business Combination Process

As the deal sourcing process yields targets that we believe are strong candidates for a business combination, we began conducting a comprehensive due diligence review process which includes, among other things,
 analyzing both historical and projected financial data, meetings with key stakeholders and senior management, on-site visits of facilities, interviews with suppliers and customers, legal diligence, and other reviews and analyses which may be
 necessary.

9 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, we are leveraging our value creation framework, including operational and capital allocation experience, in order to:

Acquire the target company at an attractive price relative to our view of its intrinsic value:

Upon completion of a thorough due diligence process, we will conduct comprehensive and detailed analyses of each business, both operational and financial, to arrive at a fair view of the intrinsic value of any
 potential business combination. We may leverage various operational, financial, and industry experts to further develop our analyses. Certain metrics we may use include relative valuation benchmarks for each industry, relevant precedent
 transactions within each sector, profitability and future cash flow potential and other valuation methods we deem appropriate in order to effect a business combination at an attractive price relative to the intrinsic value of the target company.

Enhance operational performance through driving organic growth, increasing profitability and strengthening market position:

Conducting rigorous research and analysis from the bottom-up is core to our strategy. Our management team, Industry Advisors and directors have significant experience in systematically creating substantial equity
 value as owners and operators of consumer and distribution companies. Our framework is structured around strengthening corporate leadership and implementing data driven competitive strategies and best practices to achieve operational improvements
 and organizational efficiencies which lead to profitable organic growth, increased market share, and improved margin profile and cash flow generation.

Optimize capital structure to establish a strong financial profile in support of future growth:

We believe our expertise in structuring M A transactions and operating businesses enable the team to execute a business combination with an effective capital structure that supports future long-term growth,
 providing the flexibility for investments in organic and inorganic growth opportunities while maintaining a strong financial profile.

Seek follow-on strategic acquisitions and divestitures to further grow shareholder value:

The management team are continuously examining and reviewing the strategic direction of the company and may determine follow-on acquisitions or divestitures of non-core assets are strategically and/or financially
 appropriate. For example, the team may seek consolidation opportunities in the company s primary and/or adjacent sectors in addition to vertical or horizontal integration opportunities.

Following the completion of our initial business combination, we will seek to drive additional shareholder value by leveraging the collective experience of our management team, Industry Advisors and directors to
 develop and implement various operational, financial and other corporate strategies. We seek to improve long-term profitability, cash flow generation and liquidity. As the business evolves, we may access capital markets, consider strategic
 acquisitions or divestitures, evaluate corporate governance or any other initiatives we identify to improve shareholder value.

Potential Conflicts of Interest

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers, Industry Advisors or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business
 combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers, Industry Advisors or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion that our initial business combination is fair to the Company from a
 financial point of view from either an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are
 not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.

10 

Table of Contents 

Members of our management team, our Industry Advisors or members of our board of directors may directly or indirectly own our founder shares, ordinary shares and/or private placement warrants following our initial
 public offering, and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and
 directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors were to be included by a target business as a condition to any agreement
 with respect to our initial business combination.

Each of our officers, Industry Advisors and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which such officer, director
 or Industry Advisor is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers, Industry Advisors or directors become aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for
 an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such other entity, subject to their
 fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. For a list of our executive officers and entities for which a conflict of interest may or does exist between such officers and the company, please refer to Management Conflicts of Interest. 

In addition, our Sponsor and our officers, Industry Advisors and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during
 the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any such
 potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.

Initial Business Combination

So long as our securities are then listed on the NYSE, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net
 assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If
 our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or appraisal firm with
 respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board
 is less familiar or experienced with the target company s business, there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or
 growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion, if obtained,
 would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80 of net assets threshold, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it is
 not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed transaction
 will include such opinion.

We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the
 target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-business combination company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain
 objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the
 target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the
 post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending
 on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity
 interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination
 could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-business combination
 company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will
 be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our Sponsor. If our securities are not
 then listed on the NYSE for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 of net asset test.

11 

Table of Contents 

To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in
 such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors.

The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree
 of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the
 funds we can use to complete another business combination.

Other Considerations

Past performance of our management team or our Industry Advisors is not a guarantee of either (i) success with respect to a business combination that may be consummated or (ii) the ability to successfully identify
 and execute a transaction. You should not rely on the historical record of management and its affiliates or our advisors as indicative of future performance. See Risk Factors Past performance by our management team or our Industry Advisors or
 their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Our management has no prior experience in operating blank check companies or special purpose acquisition companies.

Corporate Information

Our executive offices are located at 999 Vanderbilt Beach Road, Suite 200 Naples, Florida, and our telephone number is (212) 235-0292. We maintain a corporate website at https://www.twinridgecapitalac.com. The
 information contained on or accessible through our corporate website or any other website that we may maintain is not part of this prospectus or the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part.

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the
 Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied for and received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, for a
 period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be
 levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in
 part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us.

12 

Table of Contents 

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As
 such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply
 with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions
 from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may
 be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with
 new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits
 of this extended transition period.

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total
 annual gross revenue of at least 1.23 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June
 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in nonconvertible debt securities during the prior three-year period.

References herein to emerging growth company have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act.

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other
 things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as
 of the prior June 30 or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30.

Competition

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter
 intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Additionally, the number of blank check companies looking for business combination targets has increased compared to recent years and many of these
 blank check companies are sponsored by entities or persons that have significant experience with completing business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business
 combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial
 resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce
 the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us
 at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination.

13 

Table of Contents 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information

We have registered our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting
 obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports contain financial statements audited and reported on by our
 independent registered public accountants.

We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, sent to shareholders. These financial
 statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International
 Accounting Standards Board IFRS ), depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ).
 These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy
 rules and complete our initial business combination by the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance
 with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be
 able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material.

We are required to evaluate our
 internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth
 company, will we not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such
 acquisition.

We filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the
 Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination.

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly
 outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied for and received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in
 accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Law As Revis ed of the
 Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains, or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in
 addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains, or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures, or other obligations or (ii) by way of
 the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us.

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
 that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced
 disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden
 parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.

14 

Table of Contents 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with
 new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits
 of this extended transition period.

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the
 fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.23 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our
 Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in nonconvertible debt securities during the prior three-year period.

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting
 companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in
 which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30.

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Report, before
 making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline,
 and you could lose all or part of your investment. For risk factors related to the proposed business combination with Carbon Revolution, see the Risk Factors section of the Registration Statement on Form F-4
 that was filed with the SEC by Carbon Revolution. 

Risks Relating to our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination

We are a recently incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.

We are a recently incorporated exempted company, incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results, and we will not commence operations until obtaining funding through our initial public
 offering. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. If we fail to complete our
 initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues.

15 

Table of Contents 

Past performance by our management team or our Industry Advisors or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us.

Information regarding performance is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience or performance of our management team or Industry Advisors and their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of
 either (i) our ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team and Industry Advisors
 or their respective affiliates as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. Our management has no experience in operating special purpose acquisition companies.

Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our
 shareholders do not support such a combination.

We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote before we complete our initial business combination if the business combination would not require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing
 requirement. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where the consideration we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would typically not be required to seek shareholder approval to complete such a transaction.
 Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender
 offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we
 may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we complete.

Please see the section entitled Business Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination for additional information.

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash.

At the time of your investment in us, you were not provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders
 may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited
 to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of
 how our public shareholders vote.

As of the date of this Report, the Founder Holders owned of record an aggregate of 5,327,203 Class B ordinary
 shares, representing approximately 20 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon the closing of our initial public offering . On March 6, 2023, we
 held an Extension Meeting to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which we have to consummate a business combination. In connection with that vote, the holders of 15,042,168 Class A
 ordinary shares of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares. Accordingly, our initial shareholders currently own, on an as-converted basis, approximately 46 of our outstanding ordinary shares.

Our Sponsor and members of our management team also may, from time to time, purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
 provide that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a shareholder meeting are voted
 in favor of the business combination. As a result, in addition to the shares owned by the Founder Holders, we would need 469,722, or 7.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), or none (assuming only the minimum number of shares
 representing a quorum are voted), of our currently outstanding public shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our
 initial business combination, the agreement by our Sponsor and each member of our management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such
 initial business combination.

16 

Table of Contents 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your
 public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class
 A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to
 redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Termination Date or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, and (iii) the redemption
 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business by the Termination Date, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder
 vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business
 combination by the Termination Date, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any
 right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us
 to enter into a business combination with a target.

We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public
 shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an
 amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net
 tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate
 business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us.

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize
 our capital structure.

At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on
 our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If a large number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account
 or arrange for additional third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to
 complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred
 underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions.

17 

Table of Contents 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be
 unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares.

If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that
 our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you
 are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a
 material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market.

The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination by the Termination Date may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit
 the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that
 would produce value for our shareholders.

Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate an initial business combination by the Termination Date. Consequently, such
 target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business
 combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time frame described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we
 would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation.

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent COVID-19 pandemic and
 the status of debt and equity markets.

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in, and other infectious diseases could result in, a widespread health crisis that adversely affects the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any
 potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel,
 limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our
 search for a business combination and our ability to successfully consummate a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the
 severity of new variants of COVID-19 and the continued actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to
 consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be adversely affected in a material way.

In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased market
 volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all.

Should the COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic, epidemic, or similar public health threat, and any associated supply chain disruption, labor market impact, recession, or depression continue for a prolonged
 period, these risks could be exacerbated, causing further impact on our business, and search and consummation of our initial business combination.

18 

Table of Contents 

We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination by the Termination Date, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our
 public shares and liquidate.

We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate an initial business combination by the Termination Date. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by
 general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic and the rising interest rates could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination,
 including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 and the rising interest rates may negatively
 impact businesses we may seek to acquire. If we have not consummated an initial business combination by such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible
 but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
 and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
 shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our
 board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association will provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust
 account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less in certain
 circumstances, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by
 shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor, executive officers, Industry Advisors, directors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or
 warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, executive
 officers, Industry Advisors, directors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although
 they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account
 will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions.

In the event that our Sponsor, executive officers, Industry Advisors, directors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise
 their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares.

The purpose of any such transaction could be to (1) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (2) reduce the number
 of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires
 us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of
 our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our
 securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the
 Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 

19 

Table of Contents 

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its
 shares, such shares may not be redeemed.

We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder
 fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we
 will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event that a shareholder
 fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. 

As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could
 increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination.

In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an
 initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive
 targets may be available, and it may require more time, effort and resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to
 enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms.
 Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions including between the U.S. and China and between Russia and Ukraine, or increases in the cost of additional capital
 needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in
 our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether.

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have
 not consummated our initial business combination by the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our
 warrants will expire worthless.

We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check
 companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly
 or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial
 resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. Additionally, the number of blank check companies looking for business combination targets has increased compared to recent years and many of these
 blank check companies are sponsored by entities or persons that have significant experience with completing business combinations. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our
 initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent
 competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial
 business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a
 competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination by the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share,
 or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption
 amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein.

20 

Table of Contents 

If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for the Termination
 Date, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our
 management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination.

Of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, only approximately 2,100,000 will be available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital
 requirements. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account, together with funds available from loans from our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at
 least the Termination Date; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate, and our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Of the funds
 available to us, we expect to use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a
 provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business
 combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as
 a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business.

In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of 1,300,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, unless funded by the proceeds of loans available from
 our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our
 estimate of 1,300,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount. The amount held in the trust account will not be impacted as a result of such increase or decrease. If we are
 required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our Sponsor, its affiliates, members of our management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our Sponsor, members of our management
 team nor their affiliates is under any obligation to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to
 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. As of December 31, 2022, there were no such loan amounts outstanding. The warrants
 would be identical to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team as we do not
 believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we have not consummated our initial business combination by the required time period because
 we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.00 per public share, or possibly less, on our
 redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be
 less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein.

21 

Table of Contents 

We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired
 results.

We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our
 efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate.

To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the
 business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to
 properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may
 not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a
 target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization.

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares.

If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed
 as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover
 some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to
 claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and
 willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine
 of 18,29 3 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands.

We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination.

In accordance with NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on NYSE. There is no requirement under the
 Companies Act for us to hold annual or shareholder meetings to elect directors. Until we hold an annual meeting of shareholders, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to elect directors and to discuss company affairs with
 management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving a
 three-year term.

We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise.

22 

Table of Contents 

We will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition
 opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors.
 We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in our initial public offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination target. In
 the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this report regarding the
 areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors.
 Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

Unlike some other similarly structured blank check companies, our Sponsor will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination.

The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions
 from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable
 upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of our initial public offering, plus (ii) the total
 number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the
 initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination
 and any private placement warrants issued to our Sponsor, any of its affiliates or any members of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a
 rate of less than one-to-one. This is different than some other similarly structured blank check companies in which the initial shareholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to the
 initial business combination.

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a
 substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our
 net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public
 shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
 the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our Sponsor, officers, Industry Advisors, directors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay
 for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceeds the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will
 not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination.

23 

Table of Contents 

In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including
 their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business
 combination that our shareholders may not support.

In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example,
 blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to
 require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law,
 meaning the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a shareholder meeting of the company, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants
 and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement
 warrants. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and
 restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business
 combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Termination Date or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. To the
 extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities.

Our Sponsor controls a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support.

As of the date of this Report, the Founder Holders owned of record an aggregate of 5,327,203 Class B ordinary
 shares, representing approximately 20 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon the closing of our initial public offering . On March 6, 2023, we
 held an Extension Meeting to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which we have to consummate a business combination. In connection with that vote, the holders of 15,042,168 Class A
 ordinary shares of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares. Accordingly, our initial shareholders currently own, on an as-converted basis, approximately 46 of our outstanding ordinary shares. Consequently, our
 initial shareholders may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our
 Sponsor purchases any additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase its control. Neither our Sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any
 current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this report. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary
 shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our Sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in
 each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion
 of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our Sponsor, because of its ownership position,
 will control the outcome, as only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors and to remove directors prior to our initial business combination. Accordingly, our Sponsor will continue to
 exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our Sponsor.

After our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United
 States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights.

It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a
 result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts
 predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws.

24 

Table of Contents 

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.

Since the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business, we may be deemed to be
 a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or
 protections of those rules. Among other things, this means that since our securities were immediately tradable, we have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our
 initial public offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would have prohibited the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with
 our completion of an initial business combination.

Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant
 negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment.

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues with a particular target business, that it would be
 possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later
 write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously
 known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could
 contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target
 business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are
 unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public
 share.

Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (except our independent registered public
 accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our
 public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of
 fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account.
 If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party
 that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative.

Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to
 be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will
 agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares,
 if we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Termination Date, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors
 that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per public share initially held in the trust
 account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement, our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for
 services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the
 actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be
 withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to
 any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a
 third-party, our Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.

25 

Table of Contents 

However, we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe
 that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds
 available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per
 share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our
 public shareholders.

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation
 of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy
 its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently
 expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to
 their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public
 shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per public share.

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed,
 a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of
 punitive damages.

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions
 received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received
 by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public
 shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.

26 

Table of Contents 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
 dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held
 in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims
 deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.

Because we are not limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry, sector or geographic area with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to
 ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations.

We may pursue business combination opportunities in any industry, sector or geographic area, except that we are not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, be permitted to effectuate
 our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business
 operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a
 financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the
 significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely
 impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target.
 Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

27 

Table of Contents 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are
 paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view.

Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders
 valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market
 value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination.

We may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after our initial public offering, which may include acting as financial
 advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such
 additional services to us after our initial public offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination.

We may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after our initial public offering, including, for example, identifying potential targets,
 providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing. We may pay such underwriter or its affiliate fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined at that
 time in an arm s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with any of the underwriters or their respective affiliates and no fees or other compensation for such services will be paid to any of the underwriters or their
 respective affiliates prior to the date that is 60 days from the date of this prospectus, unless FINRA determines that such payment would not be deemed underwriters compensation in connection with our initial public offering. The fact that the
 underwriters or their respective affiliates financial interests tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential
 conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination.

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If
 we have not consummated our initial business combination by the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and
 our warrants will expire worthless.

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management
 time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be
 recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss
 to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination by the required time period, our
 public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.

28 

Table of Contents 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase
 the time and costs of completing an acquisition.

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Report. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an
 accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact
 that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business
 combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may
 increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.

The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (and corresponding provisions of the agreement
 governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a shareholder meeting
 of the company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an
 initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support.

Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its
 provisions, including those which relate to the rights of a company s shareholders, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between
 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions related to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including the requirement to deposit
 proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein)
 may be amended if approved by special resolution, meaning holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a shareholder meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the
 release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our ordinary shares; provided that the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or
 removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our shareholder meeting which shall include the
 affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares.Our Founder Holders, who collectively own of record an aggregate of 5,327,203 Class B ordinary shares, representing approximately 20 of the issued and outstanding ordinary
 shares upon the closing of our initial public offering , will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
 and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business
 combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our
 amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.

Our Sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would
 modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
 complete our initial business combination by the Termination Date or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to
 redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
 and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, do not have the
 ability to pursue remedies against our Sponsor, executive officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to
 applicable law.

29 

Table of Contents 

Our letter agreement with our Sponsor, officers and directors may be amended without shareholder approval.

Our letter agreement with our Sponsor, officers and directors contains provisions relating to transfer restrictions of our founder shares and private placement warrants, indemnification of the trust account, waiver
 of redemption rights and participation in liquidating distributions from the trust account. The letter agreement may be amended without shareholder approval (although releasing the parties from the restriction not to transfer the founder shares
 for 180 days following the date of our final prospectus will require the prior written consent of the representatives). While we do not expect our board to approve any amendment to the letter agreement prior to our initial business combination,
 it may be possible that our board, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to the letter agreement. Any such amendments to the letter agreement would not require approval
 from our shareholders and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities.

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or
 abandon a particular business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination by the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances,
 on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.

If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the
 available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated
 transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on
 acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business
 combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we have not consummated our initial business combination by the
 required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not
 need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the
 continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination.

We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may
 not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.

When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time,
 resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s
 management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their
 securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

30 

Table of Contents 

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus
 negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us.

Although we have no commitments as of the date of this report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following our initial public offering, we may choose to incur
 substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to
 the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including:

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver
 or renegotiation of that covenant;

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand;

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding;

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares;

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and
 other general corporate purposes;

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who
 have less debt.

We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent
 on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability

The net proceeds from our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants provided us with up to 213,088,130 that we may use to complete our initial business combination. On March 6, 2023, we
 held an Extension Meeting to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which we have to consummate a business combination. In connection with that vote, the holders of 15,042,168 Class A ordinary
 shares of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 153,567,547 or 10.21 per share. After the satisfaction of such redemptions and receipt of the initial deposit of
 480,000 to the Trust Account, the balance in our trust account was approximately 64,457,034.

31 

Table of Contents 

We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single-target business or multiple-target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial
 business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present
 operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to
 numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to
 complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry.

Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be:

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate
 subsequent to our initial business combination.

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to
 increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous
 closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including
 additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the
 acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.

We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is
 not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.

In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately-held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be
 required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.

Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective
 target businesses.

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure
 in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared
 in accordance with, or be reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS , depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements
 may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business
 combination within the prescribed time frame.

32 

Table of Contents 

If we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Termination Date, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond the Termination Date before redemption from our trust
 account.

If we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Termination Date, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not
 previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from
 the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such
 amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait
 beyond the Termination Date before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to
 investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and only then in
 cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial business combination and do not amend
 certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial
 business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law.

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may
 make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including:

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and

restrictions on the issuance of securities,

each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.

In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including:

registration as an investment company with the SEC;

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to.

In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing,
 reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash
 items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to
 resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor.

33 

Table of Contents 

We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United States government
 securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest
 only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a
 business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within
 the meaning of the Investment Company Act. Our initial public offering was not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place for
 funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum
 and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of
 our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Termination Date or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares; or (iii) absent our completing an
 initial business combination by the Termination Date, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be
 deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may
 hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination by the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain
 circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.

Our independent registered public accounting firm s
 report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had working capital deficit of approximately 3.3 million. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our finance and acquisition plans. If we
 are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. Further, our
 plans to raise capital and to consummate our initial business combination may not be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern through our liquidation date. The financial
 statements contained elsewhere in this Report do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to consummate a Business Combination or our inability to continue as a going concern. 

Recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it
 more difficult for us to consummate an initial business c ombination.

Recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, including ours, and may lead to other national, regional and
 international economic disruptions, any of which could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination.

The business combination with Carbon Revolution may be delayed or ultimately prohibited since such initial business combination may be subject to regulatory review and approval, including pursuant
 to foreign investment regulations and review by governmental entities such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS ).

Certain investments that involve the acquisition of, or investment in, a U.S. business by a non-U.S. individual or entity (a foreign person may be subject to review and approval by CFIUS. Whether CFIUS has
 jurisdiction to review an acquisition or investment transaction depends on, among other factors, the nature and structure of the transaction, the nationality of the parties, the level of beneficial ownership interest, and the nature of any
 information or governance rights involved.

34 

Table of Contents 

For example, transactions that result in control of a U.S. business by a foreign person are subject to CFIUS jurisdiction. CFIUS also has jurisdiction to review non- control transactions that afford a foreign
 person certain information, governance, and/or access rights in a U.S. business that has a qualifying nexus to critical technologies, covered investment critical infrastructure, and/or sensitive personal data as those terms are defined in
 the CFIUS regulations. Foreign investments in U.S. businesses that deal in critical technology or that involve certain foreign government interests may be subject to mandatory pre-closing CFIUS filing requirements. Failure to make a CFIUS
 filing where one is required may subject the transacting parties to significant civil fines.

The parties believe that Carbon Revolution does not operate a TID U.S. business, as that term is defined in 31 C.F.R. 800.248, and as a result, the parties are not required to submit a CFIUS filing with respect to
 the business combination with Carbon Revolution. Nevertheless, CFIUS may determine that it has jurisdiction over the business combination with Carbon Revolution.

CFIUS may decide to investigate, delay, or block the business combination with Carbon Revolution, or impose conditions with respect to it, which may delay or prevent the parties from consummating the business
 combination with Carbon Revolution. Because we have only a limited time to complete our initial business combination, our failure to obtain any approvals within the requisite time period may require us to liquidate. In such event, our
 shareholders will miss the opportunity to benefit from the business combination with Carbon Revolution and the potential appreciation in value of such investment and our warrants will become worthless.

Risks Relating to our Securities

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold
 in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the
 Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent.

35 

Table of Contents 

However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will
 reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption
 distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell
 your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.

The NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.

We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on the NYSE in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the NYSE prior to our initial
 business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in Market Capitalization (generally 50,000,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities
 (generally 300 public holders).

Additionally, our units will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination and, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the NYSE s
 initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the NYSE s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the NYSE. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at
 least 4.00 per share, our total market capitalization would be required to be at least 200 million, the aggregate market value of publicly held shares would be required to be at least 100.0 million and we would be required to have at least 400
 round lot shareholders. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time.

If the NYSE delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an
 over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including:

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;

reduced liquidity for our securities;

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the
 secondary trading market for our securities;

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. 
 Because our units, our Class A ordinary shares and our warrants are listed on the NYSE, our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of
 covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a
 particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check
 companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the NYSE, our securities would not qualify as
 covered securities under the statute, and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities.

36 

Table of Contents 

Our Sponsor contributed 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per founder share, and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our Class A ordinary
 shares.

The difference between the public offering price per share (allocating all of the unit purchase price to the Class A ordinary share and none to the warrant included in the unit) and the pro forma net tangible book
 value per Class A ordinary share after our initial public offering constitutes the dilution to you and the other investors in our initial public offering. Our Sponsor acquired the founder shares at a nominal price, significantly contributing to
 this dilution. Upon closing of our initial public offering, and assuming no value is ascribed to the warrants included in the units, you and the other public shareholders incurred an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately 91.7 (or
 9.17 per share), the difference between the pro forma net tangible book value per share of 0.83 and the initial offering price of 10.00 per unit. This dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provisions of the founder
 shares result in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the founder shares at the time of our initial business combination and would become exacerbated to the extent that public shareholders
 seek redemptions from the trust for their public shares. In addition, because of the anti-dilution protection in the founder shares, any equity or equity-linked securities issued in connection with our initial business combination would be
 disproportionately dilutive to our Class A ordinary shares.

We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business
 combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our
 amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001
 per share, and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. Immediately after our initial public offering, the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option and redemptions in connection with the Extension Meeting,
 there were 493,733,355 and 44,672,797 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of
 outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will
 not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders
 thereof as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Immediately after our initial public offering, there will be no preference shares issued and outstanding.

We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business
 combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redeeming the warrants as described in Description of Securities Warrants-Public Shareholders Warrants or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio
 greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth herein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that
 prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or on any
 other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and
 restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares:

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our initial public offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary
 shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares;

37 

Table of Contents 

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares;

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation
 or removal of our present officers and directors;

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us;

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants.

Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on any election of directors we hold prior to our initial business combination.

Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of
 directors during such time. In addition, prior to our initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management
 of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination.

We are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in
 place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless.

We are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have
 agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the
 issuance of such shares, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such
 registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a
 fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the
 shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, in which case, the number
 of Class A ordinary shares that you will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). However, no warrant will be
 exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws
 of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that
 they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section
 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable
 blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Exercising the warrants on a cashless basis could have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a
 smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that
 we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt
 from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of
 units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise
 their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of units sold in our initial public offering. In such an instance, our Sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our
 directors and executive officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary
 shares. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result,
 we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants.

38 

Table of Contents 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants. As a
 result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval.

Our warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants
 may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant
 agreement set forth in the final prospectus related to our initial public offering, or defective provision, (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement
 or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the
 rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of
 public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment to
 the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Although our ability to amend the terms of
 the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants
 into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant.

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless.

We have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that

the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Description of
 Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided

that certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state
 securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the
 exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at
 the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants.

39 

Table of Contents 

In addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior
 written notice of redemption provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise
 or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Description of Securities-Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day
 prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met, including that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A
 ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had
 exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 Class A ordinary
 shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants.

None of the private placement warrants are redeemable by us as so long as they are held by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees.

Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination.

We issued warrants to purchase 7,102,938 of our Class A ordinary shares as part of the units sold in our initial public offering and the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, and,
 simultaneously with the closings of our initial public offering and exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, we issued in private placements an aggregate of 5,007,842 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class
 A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. In addition, if the Sponsor, its affiliates or a member of our management team makes any working capital loans, it may convert up to 1,500,000 of such loans into up to an additional
 1,000,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.50 per warrant. As of December 31, 2022, there were no such loan amounts outstanding. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redemption of our warrants.

To the extent we issue ordinary shares for any reason, including to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of
 these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares
 issued to complete the business combination. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business.

Because each unit contains one-third of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies.

Each unit contains one-third of one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants were issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units trade. If, upon exercise of the
 warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from
 other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon
 completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-third of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more
 attractive merger partner for target businesses.

40 

Table of Contents 

Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if a unit included a warrant to purchase one whole share.

A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination.

Unlike most blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a
 Newly Issued Price (as defined in our warrant agreement) of less than 9.20 per ordinary share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the
 funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value (as defined in our warrant agreement) is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise
 price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices described below under Description of Securities Warrants-Public
 Shareholders Warrants Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 and Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest
 cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price described below under Description of Securities-Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption of
 warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an
 initial business combination with a target business.

The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time.

In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if the
 surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving company will be
 required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within twenty business days of the closing of an initial business combination.

The determination of the offering price of our units and the size of our initial public offering is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities and size of an offering of an operating company in
 a particular industry. You may have less assurance, therefore, that the offering price of our units properly reflects the value of such units than you would have in a typical offering of an operating company.

Prior to our initial public offering there was no public market for any of our securities. The public offering price of the units and the terms of the warrants were negotiated between us and the underwriters. In
 determining the size of our initial public offering, management held customary organizational meetings with the underwriters, both prior to our inception and thereafter, with respect to the state of capital markets, generally, and the amount the
 underwriters believed they reasonably could raise on our behalf. Factors considered in determining the size of our initial public offering, prices and terms of the units, including the Class A ordinary shares and warrants underlying the units,
 include:

the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies;

prior offerings of those companies;

our prospects for acquiring an operating business at attractive values;

a review of debt-to-equity ratios in leveraged transactions;

our capital structure;

41 

Table of Contents 

an assessment of our management and their experience in identifying operating companies;

general conditions of the securities markets at the time of our initial public offering; and

other factors as were deemed relevant.

Although these factors were considered, the determination of our offering price is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities of an operating company in a particular industry since we have no historical operations
 or financial results.

Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our
 Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions
 include a staggered board of directors, the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial business combination only holders of our
 Class B ordinary shares, which have been issued to our Sponsor, are entitled to vote on the election of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a
 premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.

The grant of registration rights to our Sponsor may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market
 price of our Class A ordinary shares.

Pursuant to an agreement entered into on or prior to the closing of our initial public offering, our Sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into
 which founder shares are convertible, the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class
 A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. The registration rights will be exercisable with respect to the founder shares and the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such private
 placement warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A
 ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek
 in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities owned by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees are registered for resale.

Risks Relating to our Sponsor and Management Team

We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate.

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and
 directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of
 interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of,
 any of our directors or executive officers.

The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us.

42 

Table of Contents 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us
 following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained.
 Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management, director or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will
 remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar
 with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements.

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be
 conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in
 determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous.

Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business
 combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they
 would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may
 influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. In addition, pursuant to an agreement entered into on or prior to the closing of our initial public offering, our Sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial
 business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the Sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement.

The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively
 impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition
 candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place.

Our executive officers, Industry Advisors and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to
 our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination.

Our executive officers, Industry Advisors and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our
 operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers, Industry Advisors and
 directors is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers, Industry Advisors and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week
 to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers , Industry Advisors and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such
 affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination.

43 

Table of Contents 

Our officers, Industry Advisors and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including another blank
 check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.

Following the completion of our initial public offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses or
 entities. Our Sponsor, officers, Industry Advisors and directors are, and may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business. In addition, our Sponsor, officers, Industry Advisors and directors may
 participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other blank check company prior to completion of our initial business combination. As a result, our Sponsor, officers, Industry Advisors or directors could have conflicts
 of interest in determining whether to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become involved. However, we do not believe that any potential conflicts would materially affect our
 ability to complete our initial business combination.

Our Sponsor, officers, Industry Advisors and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or
 contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be
 presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer
 shall have any duty, except to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same of similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or
 in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director of officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other.

For a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see the section titled Item 13. Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Our executive officers, Industry Advisors, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests.

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, Industry Advisors, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any
 investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors or
 executive officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or
 entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours.

The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our
 directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in
 our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our
 shareholders rights. See the section entitled Description of Securities Certain Differences in Corporate Law Shareholders Suits in our final prospectus for further information on the ability to bring such claims. However, we might not
 ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason.

44 

Table of Contents 

We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, Industry Advisors or
 directors which may raise potential conflicts of interest.

In light of the involvement of our Sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses or entities affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers,
 directors, Industry Advisors or initial shareholders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Management Conflicts of Interest. Our Sponsor, officers and
 directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our
 Sponsor, officers, Industry Advisors and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive
 discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that
 such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for a business combination as set forth in Business Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination and such
 transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions
 regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, Industry Advisors or directors potential
 conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest.

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may not possess the
 skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business.

We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target
 business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target
 business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns 50 or
 more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in
 the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this
 case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our
 outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we
 initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business.

45 

Table of Contents 

Since our Sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they
 may acquire after our initial public offering ), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination.

On January 12, 2021, the Sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000 to cover certain expenses on behalf of the Company in
 exchange for the issuance of 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares. The holders of the founder shares agreed to forfeit up to an aggregate of 750,000 founder shares, on a pro rata basis, to the extent that the option to purchase additional Units
 was not exercised in full by the underwriter, so that the founder shares would represent 20 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares upon the closing of 
 our initial public offering. On March 10, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional 1,308,813 Over-Allotment Units; thus, only 422,797 Class B ordinary shares remained subject to forfeiture
 as of such date. On April 19, 2021, 422,797 Class B ordinary shares were forfeited, resulting in the Sponsor holding 5,327,203 Class B ordinary shares as of such date. Simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, the Company
 consummated the private placement of 4,933,333 private placement warrants and, simultaneously with the closing of the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, the Company consummated the private placement of an additional 174,509
 private placement warrants, at a price of 1.50 per private placement warrant with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately 7.7 million. If we do not consummate an initial business by the Termination Date, the private placement
 warrants will expire worthless. The personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination
 and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination.

Certain of our officers and directors have or will have direct and indirect economic interests in us and/or our Sponsor after the consummation of our initial public offering and such interests may
 potentially conflict with those of our public shareholders as we evaluate and decide whether to recommend a potential business combination to our public shareholders.

Certain of our officers and directors may own membership interests in our Sponsor and indirect interests in our Class B ordinary shares and private placement warrants which may result in interests that differ from
 the economic interests of the investors in our initial public offering, which includes making a determination of whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. There may
 be a potential conflict of interest between our officers and directors that hold membership interests in our Sponsor and our public shareholders that may not be resolved in favor of our public shareholders. See Business Potential Conflicts of
 Interest. 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers.

We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any
 monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any
 indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may
 discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and
 directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our
 officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.

General Risk Factors

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss.

We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on,
 or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an
 early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate
 any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss.

46 

Table of Contents 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business
 combination, and results of operations.

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of,
 applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and
 complete our initial business combination, and results of operations.

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination transactions involving Special Purpose Acquisition
 Companies and private operating companies and increasing the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in
 revised form, may materially increase the costs and time required to negotiate and complete an initial business combination and could potentially impair our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting,
 we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results.

We previously recognized a material weakness in the Company s internal control over financial reporting in analyzing
 complex financial instruments including the proper classification of warrants as liabilities, redeemable Class A ordinary shares as temporary equity, and over-allotment as liability.

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim
 financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and corrected on a timely basis. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. Management is implementing remediation steps to
 address the material weakness and to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we are expanding and improving our review process for complex securities and related accounting standards. We continue to evaluate steps to
 remediate the material weakness. If we identify any new material weakness in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that could result in a
 material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange
 listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and the price of our securities may decline as a result. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will
 be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses.

47 

Table of Contents 

Our warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the changes in value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial results.

I ncluded on our balance sheet as of
 December 31, 2022 contained in this Report are derivative liabilities related to embedded features contained within our Warrants. ASC 815 provides for the remeasurement of the fair value of such derivatives at each balance sheet date, with a
 resulting non-cash gain or loss related to the change in the fair value being recognized in earnings in the statement of operations. As a result of the recurring fair value measurement, our financial statements and results of operations may
 fluctuate quarterly, based on factors, which are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on our Warrants each reporting period and that the amount of such
 gains or losses could be material.

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to
 emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies.

We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to
 other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
 regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not
 previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier,
 including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot
 predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our
 securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile.

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had
 a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
 can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition
 period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the
 new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period
 difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

48 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other
 things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as
 of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take
 advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible.

Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of
 actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company.

Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will
 be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum
 for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district
 courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in
 our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the
 Southern District of New York foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in
 connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s
 counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder.

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a
 court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other
 jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors.

Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts
 may be limited.

We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or executive
 officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers.

Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman
 Islands. We are also subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under
 Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common
 law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from
 what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware,
 may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States.

49 

Table of Contents 

We have been advised by Maples and Calder, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States
 predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability
 provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of
 judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a
 competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final
 and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a
 kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement
 proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere.

As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders
 than they would as public shareholders of a United States company.

An investment in us may result in uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences.

An investment in us may result in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. For instance, because there are no authorities that directly address instruments similar to the units we issued in our initial public
 offering, the allocation an investor makes with respect to the purchase price of a unit between the Class A ordinary shares and the one-third of a warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share included in each unit could be challenged by the IRS
 or courts. Furthermore, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of warrants included in the units we issued in our initial public offering is unclear under current law. Finally, it is unclear whether the redemption rights
 with respect to our ordinary shares suspend the running of a U.S. Holder s holding period for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of Class A ordinary shares is long-term capital gain or
 loss and for determining whether any dividend we pay would be considered qualified dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences
 when purchasing, holding or disposing of our securities.

Since only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the election of directors, upon the listing of our shares on the NYSE, the NYSE may consider us to be a controlled company 
 within the meaning of the NYSE rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements.

Only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the election of directors. As a result, the NYSE may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE corporate governance
 standards. Under the NYSE corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate
 governance requirements, including the requirements that:

we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of the NYSE;

50 

Table of Contents 

we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and

we have a nominating committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities.

We do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some
 or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the NYSE corporate governance requirements.

We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors.

If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal
 income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception and the timing of our initial business
 combination. Depending on the particular circumstances the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no
 assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Moreover, if we
 determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to
 enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all
 cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules with respect to their particular circumstances.

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders or warrant holders.

We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located
 or in another jurisdiction. This may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident (or in which its members are resident if it is a tax
 transparent entity). We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us
 after the reincorporation.

Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries

If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating,
 agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations.

If we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations,
 including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and
 changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.

51 

Table of Contents 

If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the
 following:

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations;

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption;

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals;

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected;

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements;

tariffs and trade barriers;

regulations related to customs and import/export matters;

local or regional economic policies and market conditions;

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;

longer payment cycles;

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States;

currency fluctuations and exchange controls;

rates of inflation;

challenges in collecting accounts receivable;

cultural and language differences;

employment regulations;

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems;

corruption;

protection of intellectual property;

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances;

regime changes and political upheaval;

terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; and

deterioration of political relations with the United States.

We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations might
 suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

52 

Table of Contents 

If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which
 could lead to various regulatory issues.

Following our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination
 will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with
 such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations.

After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in any such
 country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate.

The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and
 among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain
 industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial
 business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable.

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished.

In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by
 reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency
 against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in
 value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction.

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we
 may not be able to enforce our legal rights.

In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction
 may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or
 obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital.

We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance.

We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly
 traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and
 a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a business combination target.

53 

Table of Contents 

Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in
 continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be
 subject to penalty and our business may be harmed.

Recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination .

Recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, including ours, and may lead to other
 national, regional and international economic disruptions, any of which could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination.

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

Item 2. 

Properties

We currently maintain our executive offices at 999 Vanderbilt Beach Road, Suite 200, Naples, Florida, 34108. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we will pay to our Sponsor or
 an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings

To the knowledge of our management, there is no material litigation , arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in
 their capacity as such or against any of our property.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

54 

Table of Contents 

PART II

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

(a) Market Information

Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are each traded on the NYSE. Our units commenced public trading on March 4, 2021 under the symbol TRCA.U Our Class A ordinary shares and warrants began separate
 trading on April 26, 2021, under the symbols TRCA and TRCA WS, respectively.

(b) Holders

As of March 31, 2023, there was one holder of record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares, five holders of record of our Class B ordinary shares and one holder of our warrants.

(c) Dividends

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be
 dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the
 discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our
 ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.

(d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

None.

(e) Stock Performance Graph

Not applicable.

(f) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings.

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

Not applicable.

Use of Proceeds

In connection with the initial public offering and the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, we incurred offering costs of approximately 12.2 million (including underwriting commissions of
 approximately 4.3 million and deferred underwriting commissions of approximately 7.5 million). Other incurred offering costs consisted principally preparation fees related to the initial public offering. After deducting the underwriting
 discounts and commissions (excluding the deferred portion, which amount will be payable upon consummation of the initial business combination, if consummated) and the initial public offering expenses, 213.1 million of the net proceeds from our
 initial public offering and certain of the proceeds from the private placement of the private placement warrants (or 10.00 per Unit sold in the initial public offering) was placed in the trust account. The net proceeds of the initial public
 offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants are held in the trust account and invested as described elsewhere in this Report.

55 

Table of Contents 

There has been no material change in the planned use of the proceeds from the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants as is described in our final prospectus related to our initial
 public offering.

(g) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

On March 6, 2023, we held an Extension Meeting to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which we have to consummate a business combination. In connection with
 that vote, the holders of 15,042,168 Class A ordinary shares of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 153,567,547 or 10.21 per share. After the satisfaction of such
 redemptions and receipt of the initial deposit of 480,000 to the trust account, the balance in our trust account was approximately 64,457,034.

Item 6. 

[Reserved]. 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

References to the Company, our, us or we refer to Twin Ridge Capital Acquisition Corp . The following discussion and
 analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and
 Supplementary Data of this Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
 statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Summary of Risk Factors, Item 1.A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Report, as well as those that are set
 forth in the preliminary prospectus/proxy statement included in the Registration Statement on Form F-4 filed by Carbon Revolution with the SEC or relating to our proposed business combination with Carbon Revolution. 

Overview

We are a blank check company incorporated on January 7, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization,
 reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. On March 6, 2023, we held an Extension Meeting to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which we have to
 consummate a business combination. In connection with that vote, the holders of 15,042,168 Class A ordinary shares of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately
 153,567,547 or 10.21 per share. After the satisfaction of such redemptions and receipt of the initial deposit of 480,000 to the trust account, the balance in our trust account was approximately 64,457,034.

We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares
 in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of our initial public offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the
 target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing or other sources.

The issuance of additional shares in a business combination:

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our initial public offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary
 shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares 

56 

Table of Contents 

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of our Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the
 resignation or removal of our present officers and directors 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants and

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants.

Similarly, if we issue debt or otherwise incur significant debt, it could result in:

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver
 or renegotiation of that covenant 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding 

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and
 other general corporate purposes 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation and

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who
 have less debt.

We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a business combination will be successful.

Recent Developments

On November 29, 2022, the Company, Carbon Revolution, MergeCo, and Merger Sub, entered into the Business Combination Agreement, and on November 30, 2022, Carbon Revolution,
 the Company and MergeCo entered into the Scheme Implementation Deed. The Business Combination Agreement and the Scheme Implementation Deed contain customary representations, warranties, and covenants by the parties thereto and the closing is
 subject to certain conditions as further described therein.

57 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations

Our entire activity since inception up to December 31, 2022 relates to our formation, our initial public offering and, since the closing of our initial public offering, a search for a business combination candidate.
 We will not be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial business combination, at the earliest.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 6,285,3 0 9, which was comprised of change in fair value of warrants of 6,988,002, trust interest income of 2,968,171, and other income of 323,385, offset by formation and operating costs of 3,846,780 and fair
 value of commitment fee shares liability of 147,469.

For the period from January 7, 2021 through December 31, 2021, we had net income of 6,224,020, which was comprised of change in fair value of warrants of 8,777,435, change in fair value of
 over-allotment liability of 307,134 and trust interest income of 13,061, offset by formation and operating costs of 2,333,766 and warrant issuance costs of 539,844.

Going Concern and Liquidity

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 1.0 million in its operating bank account, and working capital deficit of approximately 3.3 million.

Until the consummation of a business combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the trust account for
 identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the
 business combination.

We may need to raise further additional capital through loans or additional investments from our Sponsor,
 shareholders, officers, directors, or third parties. Our officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet
 our working capital needs. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not
 necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if
 at all.

We have until June 8, 2023 to consummate an initial business combination. It is uncertain that we will be able
 to consummate an initial business combination by June 8, 2023. If an initial business combination is not consummated by the liquidation date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. Additionally, it is uncertain that
 we will have sufficient liquidity to fund our working capital needs through June 8, 2023, or through twelve months from the issuance of this report. Management has determined that the liquidity condition through 12 months from the issuance of
 this report and mandatory liquidation, should an initial business combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the
 carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after June 8, 2023.

58 

Table of Contents 

On March 10 , 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the total principal amount of up to 1,500,000 (the Promissory Note to Carbon Revolution. The Promissory Note does not bear
 interest and matures upon closing of the Company s initial business combination. In the event that the Company does not consummate a business combination , the
 Promissory Note will be repaid only from amounts remaining outside of the Trust Account, if any. The proceeds of the Promissory Note will be deposited in the
 Company s t rust a ccount . As of March 31, 2023, there was 480,000 outstanding under the Promissory Note .

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
 assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We have identified the following as our critical accounting
 policies:

Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption

All of the 21,308,813 Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the Units in our initial public offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with the
 Company s liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the business combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. In
 accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be
 classified outside of permanent equity. Therefore, all Class A ordinary shares has been classified outside of permanent equity.

59 

Table of Contents 

The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases
 or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit.

Net Income Per Ordinary Share

The Company has two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Earnings and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. The 12,210,780 potential
 ordinary shares for outstanding warrants to purchase the Company s shares were excluded from diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 because the
 warrants are contingently exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met. As a result, diluted net income per ordinary share is the same as basic net income per ordinary share for the periods.

Warrant Liabilities

The Company accounts for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in ASC
 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are
 freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are
 indexed to the Company s own ordinary shares, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly
 period end date while the warrants are outstanding.

For issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital at the time of
 issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes
 in the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statement of operations. The initial fair value of the Private and Public Warrants were estimated using a discounted cash flow model.

Derivative Financial Instruments

The Company evaluates its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain
 features that qualify as embedded derivatives in accordance with ASC 815. Derivative instruments are initially recorded at fair value on the grant date and re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the
 statements of operations. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Derivative liabilities are classified
 in the balance sheets as current or non-current based on whether net-cash settlement or conversion of the instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date.

Standby Equity Purchase Agreement 

The Company accounts for its CEF as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an
 assessment of the agreement s specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in ASC 480 and ASC 815. The assessment considers whether the CEF is a freestanding financial instrument pursuant to ASC 480, meets the definition of a
 liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the CEF meets all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the CEF is indexed to the Company s Class A ordinary shares, among other conditions for equity
 classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at date of the agreement and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the CEF is outstanding. For an agreement that meets all of the
 criteria for equity classification, the CEF would be required to be recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance.

For an agreement that does not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the CEF would be required to be
 recorded at its initial fair value on the date of issuance. The fair value of the CEF is remeasured at each balance sheet date with the change in the estimated fair value of the CEF recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of
 operations. The Company has analyzed the CEF (as defined in Note 1) and determined it is considered to be a freestanding instrument and does not exhibit any of the characteristics in ASC 480 and therefore are not classified as liabilities
 under ASC 480.

Commitment Fee Shares Liability

In connection with the CEF, the Company agreed to issue Yorkville 15,000 of the Company s ordinary shares upon consummation
 of the initial business combination. The Company recorded the fair value of the commitment fee shares liability on the balance sheets and the related expense on its statements of operations. The initial fair value of the Commitment Fee Shares
 Liability was estimated using a discounted cash flow model.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K.

JOBS Act

The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act will be allowed
 to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with
 new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised
 accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates.

60 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an
 emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be
 adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain
 executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the principal executive officer s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a
 period of five years following the completion of our initial public offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier.

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item.

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

The financial statements required by this item are set forth following Item 15 of this Report and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

There have been no disagreements with our independent registered public accountants on accounting or financial disclosure matters during our most recent fiscal year.

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information
 required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without
 limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
 Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15
 under the Exchange Act, our Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon their evaluation, our Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our
 disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022, due to the material weakness in analyzing complex financial instruments including the proper classification of warrants as liabilities, redeemable Class A ordinary
 shares as temporary equity, and over-allotment as liability. In light of this material weakness, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our interim financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP . Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this r eport

present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented.

61 

Table of Contents 

Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for
 establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
 our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:

(1) 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
 transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
 statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or
 disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in
 our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or
 procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management 
 determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 . 

Management has implemented remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and
 improved our review process for complex securities and related accounting standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to accounting literature, identification of third-party professionals with whom to consult
 regarding complex accounting applications and consideration of additional staff with the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals.

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There were no change s in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter
 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

62 

Table of Contents 

Item 9B. 

Other Information

None.

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

Not applicable.

63 

Table of Contents 

PART III

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

As of the date of this Report, our directors and officers are as follows:

Name

Age

Position

Dale F. Morrison

74

Chairman of the Board of Directors

Sanjay K. Morey

51

Co-Chief Executive Officer, President and Director

William P. Russell, Jr.

50

Co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director

Alison Burns

59

Director

Paul Henrys

52

Director

Gary Pilnick

58

Director

Dale F. Morrison serves as our Chairman and Chairman of our board. Mr. Morrison is a founding partner at TRCM and its predecessor, TriPointe Capital, which
 was formed in 2011. At TRCM, Mr. Morrison has been involved in the investments in Findus, Hale Hearty, Harvest Food Distributors, I K Distributors, Eipari Foods, Sherwood Food Distributors and Young s Seafood. Mr. Morrison has
 extensive experience as a consumer and distribution executive where he has been involved in implementing long-term strategies, developing management talent, driving profitable growth, executing successful turnarounds and managing multiple
 acquisitions. Mr. Morrison was formerly Chief Executive Officer of McCain Foods from 2004 to 2011, an international leader in the frozen food industry. Prior to McCain Foods, Mr. Morrison served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of
 Campbell Soup Company from 1997 to 2000 and as the Chief Executive Officer of Pepperidge Farm (a division of Campbell Soup Company) from 1995 to 1997. Mr. Morrison began his career at General Foods and PepsiCo. Mr. Morrison was also an
 operating partner at Fenway Partners from 2002 to 2004. Mr. Morrison holds a B.S. degree in Business Administration from the University of North Dakota.

Sanjay K. Morey serves as our Co-Chief Executive Officer and President and as a director on our board. Mr. Morey is a founding partner of TRCM and its predecessor, TriPointe
 Capital, which was formed in 2011. Mr. Morey has built a career in private equity and investment banking that has spanned over 25 years. At TRCM, Mr. Morey has been involved in the investments in Findus, Hale Hearty, Harvest Food
 Distributors, I K Distributors, Eipari Foods, Sherwood Food Distributors and Young s Seafood. Prior to joining TRCM, Mr. Morey was a senior executive at KKR Co. KKR from 2006 to 2010. At KKR, Mr. Morey was involved in the
 investments in Toys R Us and U.S. Foods and served on the boards of both companies. Previously, he was involved in investments in American Achievement, Harry Winston, Wilmar, Century Maintenance Supply, Hudson RCI and The Pantry. Currently, Mr.
 Morey serves as Chairman of the Board of Harvest Sherwood Food Distributors. Mr. Morey also worked for Fenway Partners from 2001 to 2006 and prior to completing his M.B.A., was at Freeman Spogli from 1997 to 1999 and worked in the investment
 banking division of Salomon Brothers Inc. from 1994 to 1997. He holds a B.A., magna cum laude, Phi Beta Kappa, from the University of California, Los Angeles and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.

William P. Russell, Jr. serves as our Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and as a director on our board. Mr. Russell is a partner at TRCM, which he joined
 in 2019. Mr. Russell has over 20 years of experience in the private equity and investment banking industries. Prior to joining TRCM, Mr. Russell was a partner at Sterling Investment Partners from 2006 to 2019, where he served on the Investment
 Committee and on the boards of directors of All My Sons Moving and Storage, Aurora Parts Accessories, Lipari Foods, Opinionology, Miller Heiman, Service Logic and Cambridge International. Before Sterling, Mr. Russell was in the investment
 banking division of Lehman Brothers from 2000 to 2006. Mr. Russell holds a B.A. from Hamilton College, an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and was a Fulbright Scholar at the National University of Singapore.

64 

Table of Contents 

Alison Burns is a Director. Ms. Burns is a marketing, branding and communications professional whose career has spanned more than 30 years, and has been split between the
 United Kingdom and the United States, focused increasingly on multinational brands. Before her current independent consulting stint, Ms. Burns spent ten years at WPP s J. Walter Thompson from 2006 to 2016, as CEO of the firm s flagship London
 office and then in New York, where she led several of the firm s most prestigious and globally significant client accounts, including Rolex, Kelloggs and Unilever haircare. Ms. Burns prior experience includes five years as President of Fallon
 from 1998 to 2003, where she led Fallon through a period of rapid growth and creative distinction, adding assignments from Starbucks, Pepsico, Georgia-Pacific and Viacom. From 1994 to 1998 Alison served as a senior global marketer for Pepsico,
 based in Dallas and New York, helming international marketing for Pizza Hut and then domestic marketing for the Fountain Beverage Division. Other experience includes a decade in senior roles in UK Advertising firms, running accounts as diverse as
 political campaigns, confectionery, fashion and financial services. Ms. Burns has guest-lectured at Columbia and NYU, served on the Boards of both Hale and Hearty Soups and the International Advertising Association, and currently serves as a
 senior advisor to Powell Communications, a boutique public relations firm based in New York. Alison holds a B.A. in English and Politics from the University of York.

Paul Henrys is a Director. Mr. Henrys has over 25 years in finance, strategy and supply chain. Mr. Henrys is currently Chief Financial Officer of Feeding America, the nation s
 largest hunger relief organization, where he leads finance and strategic planning. Mr. Henrys also serves as Treasurer of the Feeding America Board of Directors. Prior to joining Feeding America in 2013, Mr. Henrys spent eight years from 2004 to
 2013 in finance and strategy at US Foods, a leading foodservice distributor. Mr. Henrys most recent role at US Foods was Senior Vice President of Financial Planning and Analysis. Mr. Henrys also has five years of experience in the supply chain
 technology industry, where he successfully managed several consulting projects from 1999 to 2004. Mr. Henrys began his career in strategy consulting, with a firm now known as Oliver Wyman from 1994 to 1999, where he managed project teams to
 identify and successfully implement supply chain and strategic business opportunities. Mr. Henrys serves on the board of directors of the Global Food Banking Network and is the finance committee chair. Mr. Henrys has a B.A. from Harvard
 University.

Gary Pilnick is a Director. Mr. Pilnick is a corporate development and legal executive with over 30 years of experience, with over 20 years in the food and
 consumer products industries. Mr. Pilnick joined Kellogg Company in 2000. Mr. Pilnick has served as the Vice Chairman, Corporate Development and Chief Legal Officer of the Kellogg Company since 2016 and is a member of the executive committee.
 Mr. Pilnick was recently named the Chief Executive Officer designate of the announced spin off of Kellog s North American Cereal Business, which is expected to occur in Q4 2023. Prior to his current role, Mr. Pilnick served as the Senior Vice
 President, General Counsel and Secretary of Kellogg Company, responsible for corporate development, legal and compliance, and internal audit around the globe, a role he assumed in 2004 after joining in 2000. Mr. Pilnick s other experience
 includes leadership roles at Sara Lee Corporation from 1997 to 2000, where he ultimately served as Vice President and Chief Counsel, Sara Lee Branded Apparel, and Specialty Foods Corporation where he served as Vice President and Chief Corporate
 Counsel from 1995 to 1997. Prior to this, Mr. Pilnick practiced law at the Jenner and Block in their Chicago and Tokyo offices from 1989 to 1995. Mr. Pilnick holds a B.A. in Government and Business from Lafayette College, and a J.D. from Duke
 University School of Law.

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors

Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of
 shareholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. The term of
 office of the first class of directors, consisting of Ms. Burns and Mr. Henrys, will expire at our first annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Mr. Pilnick and Mr. Morrison, will expire
 at our second annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Mr. Morey and Mr. Russell, will expire at our third annual meeting of shareholders.

Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion
 of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason.

65 

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to an agreement entered into on or prior to the closing of our initial public offering, our Sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three
 individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the Sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement.

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the
 offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers may consist of one or more chairman of the
 board, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors.

Director Independence

The NYSE listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Morrison, Ms. Burns, Mr. Henrys and Mr. Pilnick are independent directors 
 as defined in the NYSE listing standards. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present.

Committees of the Board of Directors

Our board of directors have established three standing committees: an audit committee, a nominating committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the NYSE and
 Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the NYSE require that the compensation committee and
 the nominating committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors.

Audit Committee

We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Ms. Burns, Mr. Henrys and Mr. Pilnick will serve on our audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that Ms. Burns, Mr. Henrys and Mr.
 Pilnick are independent under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Mr. Henrys will serve as the Chairman of the audit committee.

Under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rales, all the directors on the audit committee must be independent. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has
 determined that Mr. Henrys qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rales.

The audit committee is responsible for:

meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems;

monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm;

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law;

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations;

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed;

appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm;

66 

Table of Contents 

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent registered public accounting firm regarding
 financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work;

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting
 policies;

monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of our initial public offering and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance
 with the terms of our initial public offering; and

reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of
 directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval.

Nominating Committee

We have established a nominating committee of our board of directors. The members of our nominating committee will be Ms. Burns, Mr. Henrys and Mr. Pilnick, and Mr. Pilnick will serve as chairman of the nominating
 committee. Under the NYSE listing standards, we are required to have a nominating committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that Ms. Burns, Mr. Henrys and Mr. Pilnick are independent under the
 NYSE listing standards.

The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management,
 shareholders, investment bankers and others.

Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees

The guidelines for selecting nominees, which will be specified in a charter to be adopted by us, generally provide that persons to be nominated:

should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service;

should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and

should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders.

The nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on
 the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and
 makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons.

67 

Table of Contents 

Compensation Committee

We have established a compensation committee of our board of directors. The members of our compensation committee will be Ms. Burns, Mr. Henrys and Mr. Pilnick, and Ms. Burns will serve as chairperson of the
 compensation committee.

Under the NYSE listing standards, we are required to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that Ms. Burns, Mr. Henrys and Mr. Pilnick are
 independent under the NYSE listing standards.

We will adopt a compensation committee charter, which will detail the principal functions of the compensation committee, including:

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our executive officers performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of each of our
 executive officers based on such evaluation;

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers;

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans;

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans;

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees;

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors.

The charter will also provide that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for
 the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the
 independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the NYSE and the SEC.

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors.

Code of Ethics

We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees (the Code of Ethics ). A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon written request to our principal
 executive office. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K.

68 

Table of Contents 

Conflicts of Interest

Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties:

duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole;

duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose;

directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion;

duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders;

duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and

duty to exercise independent judgment.

In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge,
 skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience of that director.

As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some
 instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and
 restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at shareholder meetings.

Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities. As a result, if any of our officers or directors become
 aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor
 such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the
 same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
 law: (i) no individual serving as a director or officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business
 as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer on the one hand, and us, on the
 other.

In addition, our Sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are
 seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any potential conflicts would
 materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.

69 

Table of Contents 

Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material management relationships:

Individual

Entity

Entity s Business

Affiliation

Dale Morrison

Twin Ridge Capital

 International

Private Investment

Partner

Flavors and Fragrances, Inc

Cosmetic Production

Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors

Sanjay K. Morey

Twin Ridge Capital

 Harvest Sherwood Food Distributors

Private Investment

 Food Distribution

Partner

 Chairman

William P. Russell, Jr.

Twin Ridge Capital

Private Investment

Partner

Alison Burns

Twin Ridge Capital

 Powell Communications

Private Investment

 Public Relations

Senior Advisor

 Senior Advisor

Paul Henrys

Feeding America

 Global Food Banking Network

Hunger Relief

 Hunger Relief

CFO and Treasurer

 Board Member

Gary Pilnick

The Kellogg Company

Food Manufacturing

Vice Chairman, Corporate Development and Chief Legal Officer

Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest:

Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination
 and their other businesses, on the other hand. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers and directors is engaged in several other business
 endeavors for which he is entitled to substantial compensation and has substantial time commitments, and our executive officers and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs.

Our Sponsor subscribed for founder shares prior to the date of this prospectus and will purchase private placement warrants in a transaction that closed simultaneously with our initial public offering.

Our Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in
 connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of
 our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
 combination by the Termination Date or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares.

Additionally, our Sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to its founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by the
 prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination by the prescribed time frame, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Except as described herein, our Sponsor and our directors and executive officers
 have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price
 of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at
 least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to
 exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Except as described herein, the private placement warrants will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Because each of
 our executive officers and directors will own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our
 initial business combination.

70 

Table of Contents 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors is included by a target
 business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. In addition, our Sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which
 we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates.

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers, directors or Industry Advisors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business
 combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor or any of our Sponsor, officers, Industry Advisors or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or
 another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.

Commencing on the date our securities are first listed on the NYSE, we will also reimburse our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us in the
 amount of 10,000 per month. Pursuant to our Administrative Services Agreement we may make payments or reimbursements to our Sponsor, TRCM, or their respective affiliates, for the reasonable salaries and other allocable costs of their employees
 or consultants, who may include our officers, Industry Advisors or directors.

We cannot assure you that any of the above-mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor.

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a shareholder
 meeting are voted in favor of the business combination. In such case, our Sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination.

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors

Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held
 by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful
 neglect. We will enter into agreements with our directors and officers to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We expect to
 purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify
 our officers and directors.

Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they
 may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to
 their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination.

71 

Table of Contents 

Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the
 likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we
 pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.

We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors.

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation

Executive Officer and Director Compensation

None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on the NYSE through the earlier of consummation
 of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will reimburse our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us in the amount of 10,000 per month. Pursuant to our
 Administrative Services Agreement we may make payments or reimbursements to our Sponsor, TRCM, or their respective affiliates, for the reasonable salaries and other allocable costs of their employees or consultants, who may include our officers,
 Industry Advisors or directors. In addition, our Sponsor, executive officers, Industry Advisors, directors or their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such
 as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our Sponsor, executive officers, Industry
 Advisors, directors or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to
 have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and
 consummating an initial business combination.

After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be
 fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the
 amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the
 post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination,
 either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors.

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all
 of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their
 positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will
 be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment.

72 

Table of Contents 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of December 31, 2022 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial
 ownership of our ordinary shares, by:

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares;

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our ordinary share; and

all our executive officers and directors as a group.

In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 26,636,016 ordinary shares, consisting of (i) 21,308,813 Class A
 ordinary shares and (ii) 5,327,203 Class B ordinary shares, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. As a result, the below table does not account for redemption of shares that occurred in connection with the Extension Meeting. Unless
 otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all of our ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. Voting power represents the combined voting power of Class A
 ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares owned beneficially by such person. On all matters to be voted upon, the holders of the Class A ordinary shares and the Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class. Currently, all of the
 Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis. The table below does not include the Class A ordinary shares underlying
 the Private Placement Warrants held by our Sponsor because these securities are not exercisable within 60 days of this Report. 

Class B ordinary shares

Class A ordinary shares

Name and Address of

 Beneficial Owner(1)

Number of

 Shares

 Beneficially

 Owned 

Appropriate

 Percentage 
 of Class (2) 

Number of

 Shares

 Beneficially

 Owned 

Approximate

 Percentage

 of Class 

Approximate

 Percentage of

 Voting

 Control 

Twin Ridge Capital Sponsor, LLC(3)

5,267,203

(3) 

99.9

-

-

19.8

Dale Morrison(3)

5,267,203

(3) 

99.9

-

-

19.8

Sanjay K. Morey(3)

5,267,203

(3) 

99.9

-

-

19.8

William P. Russell, Jr.(3)

5,267,203

(3) 

99.9

-

-

19.8

Alison Burns

20,000

-

-

Paul Henrys

20,000

-

-

Gary Pilnick

20,000

-

-

All officers and directors as a group (6 individuals)

5,327,203

(3) 

100

-

-

20.0

Glazer Capital, LLC

-

-

1,874,771

(4) 

8.8

7.04

Less than one percent.

(1) 

Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following is 999 Vanderbilt Beach Road, Suite 200, Naples, Florida.

(2) 

Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination on a
 one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment, as described in the section entitled Description of Securities. 

(3) 

Twin Ridge Capital Sponsor, LLC is the record holder of the shares reported herein. Twin Ridge Capital Sponsor, LLC is controlled by Dale Morrison, Sanjay K. Morey and William P. Russell, Jr. Each of Dale Morrison, Sanjay K. Morey and
 William P. Russell Jr. disclaims any beneficial ownership of the securities held by our Sponsor other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest he may have therein, directly or indirectly.

(4) 

Includes Class A ordinary shares beneficially held by Glazer Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Glazer Capital ), and certain funds and managed accounts to which Glazer Capital serves
 as investment manager (collectively, the Glazer Funds ), and Paul J. Glazer, who serves as the Managing Member of Glazer Capital, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares held by the Glazer Funds. The address of the business
 office of each of the Reporting Persons is 250 West 55 th Street, Suite 30A, New York, New York 10019.

73 

Table of Contents 

Our Sponsor, officers and directors are deemed to be our promoter as such term is defined under the federal securities laws.

On March 6, 2023, we held an Extension Meeting to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association to extend the date by which we have to consummate a business combination. In connection with that vote, the holders of 15,042,168 Class A ordinary shares of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for an
 aggregate redemption amount of approximately 153,567,547 or 10.21 per share. After the satisfaction of such redemptions and receipt of the initial deposit of 480,000 to the Trust Account, the balance in our trust account was approximately
 64,457,034. Following such redemptions, our initial shareholders owned, on an as-converted basis, approximately 46 of our outstanding ordinary shares. 

Changes in Control

There are no arrangements known to us, including any pledge by any person of our securities, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control.

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

On March 10, 2023, the Company issued an
 unsecured promissory note in the total principal amount of up to 1,500,000 (the Promissory Note to Carbon Revolution . The Promissory Note does not bear interest

and matures upon closing of the Company s initial business combination. In the event
 that the Company does not consummat e a business combination, the Promissory Note will be repaid only from amounts remaining outside of the Trust Account, if any. The proceeds of the Promissory Note will be deposited in the Company s
 trust account . As of March 31, 2023, there was 480,000 outstanding under the Promissory

 Note. 

In February 2021, the Sponsor transferred its interests representing a total of 60,000 Class B ordinary shares of the
 Company to three independent directors of the Company for per share consideration equal to the amount paid by the Sponsor to the Company for each founder share. Pursuant to the terms of the agreements governing these transfers, if the transferee
 ceases to serve as a director of the Company prior to the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, the Sponsor has the option to repurchase the founder shares from such transferee for the same per share consideration paid by the
 transferee for the initial transfer.

On October 28, 2022, the Company and the Sponsor entered into a letter agreement with DDGN Advisors, LLC (the
 Advisor ), pursuant to which the Advisor agreed to provide certain advisory, diligence and other similar services to the Company and the Sponsor in connection with the potential business combination between the Company and Carbon Revolution. As
 consideration for the Advisor s performance of such services, the Sponsor agreed to transfer 3,350,000 of the Company s Class B ordinary shares beneficially owned by the Sponsor to the Advisor at the closing of the Business Combination.

On January 12, 2021, the Sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000 to cover certain expenses on behalf of the Company in
 exchange for the issuance of 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares. The holders of the founder shares agreed to forfeit up to an aggregate of 750,000 founder shares, on a pro rata basis, to the extent that the option to purchase additional Units was
 not exercised in full by the underwriter, so that the founder shares would represent 20 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares upon the closing of our i nitial p ublic o ffering. On March 10, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional 1,308,813 Over-Allotment Units; thus, only 422,797 Class B ordinary shares remained
 subject to forfeiture as of such date. On April 19, 2021, 422,797 Class B ordinary shares were forfeited, resulting in the Sponsor holding 5,327,203 Class B ordinary shares as of such date.

Simultaneously with the closing of our i nitial p ublic o ffering, the Company consummated the Private Placement of 4,933,333 private placement warrants and, simultaneously with the closing of the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, the Company consummated
 the Private Placement of an additional 174,509 private placement warrants, at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately 7.7 million. The private placement warrants (including the
 Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination.

74 

Table of Contents 

If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations,
 he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over
 their duties to us.

We currently maintain our executive offices at 999 Vanderbilt Beach Road, Suite 200, Naples, Florida, 34108. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we will pay to our Sponsor or
 an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space, administrative and support services, commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on the NYSE. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease
 paying these monthly fees.

No compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our Sponsor, officers, directors or their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the
 completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due
 diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our Sponsor, officers, directors, or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of
 expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf.

Prior to the consummation of initial public offering, our Sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of initial public offering and we issued an unsecured promissory note to our
 Sponsor. This promissory note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and was due at the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the closing of initial public offering. On March 15, 2021, the Company paid the promissory note in full and overpaid 15,771,
 which was recorded as a receivable from the sponsor on the unaudited condensed balance sheet. The sponsor returned the overpayment to the Company on May 10, 2021.

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not
 obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that the initial business combination does not
 close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into
 warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. As of December 31, 2022, there were no such loan amounts outstanding. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price,
 exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our
 Sponsor, its affiliates or our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.

After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to
 our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender
 offer materials or at the time of a shareholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.

We entered into a registration and shareholder rights agreement pursuant to which our Sponsor will be entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the private placement warrants, the warrants issuable upon
 conversion of working capital loans (if any) and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder shares, and, upon consummation of our initial business combination, to nominate three
 individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the Sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement.

75 

Table of Contents 

Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions

The audit committee of our board of directors has adopt ed a charter, providing for the review, approval and/or ratification of related party transactions, which are those transactions
 required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its meetings, the audit committee shall be provided with the details of each new, existing, or proposed related party
 transaction, including the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that the company has already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to the company and to the relevant related
 party. Any member of the committee who has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the
 committee, participate in some or all of the committee s discussions of the related party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party
 transaction.

Director Independence

The NYSE listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Morrison, Ms. Burns, Mr. Henrys and Mr. Pilnick are independent directors 
 as defined in the NYSE listing standards. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present.

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services

The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP Marcum ), our independent registered public accounting firm, for services rendered.

Audit Fees .
 Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum
 for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December
 31, 2022 and for the period from January 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 totaled 1 1 0, 70 5 and 120,311, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings.

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our
 financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum
 for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021.

Tax Fees . We
 paid Marcum 11,330 for tax planning and tax advice for the year ended
 December 31, 2022 . We did not pay Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the period from January 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021.

All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021.

Pre-Approval Policy. Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the
 foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will
 pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are
 approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit).

Our independent registered public accounting firm is:

Marcum LLP

730 3 rd Avenue 

New York, NY 10017

PCAOB ID 688 

76 

Table of Contents 

PART IV

Item 15. 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report:

(1) 

Financial Statements

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 688)

F-2

Balance Sheets

F-3

Statements of Operations

F-4

Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit

F-5

Statements of Cash Flows

F-6

Notes to Financial Statements

F 7 to F-21

(2) 

Financial Statement Schedules: None

(3) 

Exhibits

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index.

Exhibit

 No.

Description

2.1

Business

Combination Agreement, dated as of November 29, 2022, by and among the Company, Carbon Revolution Limited, Poppetell Limited and Poppettell Merger Sub . (2) 

2.2

Scheme

Implementation Deed, dated as of November 30, 2022, by and among the Company, Carbon Revolution Limited and Poppetell Limited. (2) 

3.1

Amended

and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association . (1) 

3.2 

Amendment to Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. (3) 

4.1

Warrant

Agreement, dated March 3, 2021, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company . (1) 

4.2 

Description of Company s Securities.

10.1

Private

Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (1) 

10.2

Investment

Management Trust Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2021, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company. (1) 

10.3

Registration

and Shareholder Rights Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2021, by and among Company and the Sponsor. (1) 

10.4

Letter

Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor . (1) 

10.5

Administrative

Services Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (1) 

10.6

Promissory

Note, dated as of March 10, 2023, by and between the Company and Carbon Revolution Limited. (3) 

10.7

Sponsor

Side Letter, dated as of November 29, 2022, by and among the Company, the Sponsor, the independent directors party thereto, the other insiders party thereto, Twin Ridge Capital Acquisition Corp., Carbon Revolution Limited and
 Poppetell Limited. (2) 

10.8

Standby

Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 28, 2022, by and between the Company and YA II PN, LTD. (2) 

31.1 

Certification of the Co-Chief Executive Officer required by Rules 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
 Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

77 

Table of Contents 

31.2 

Certification of the Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32.1 

Certification of the Co-Chief Executive Officer required by 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32.2 

Certification of the Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

101.INS 

iXBRL Instance Document.

101.SCH 

iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema.

101.CAL 

iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase.

101.DEF 

iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase.

101.LAB 

iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase.

101.PRE 

iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the iXBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101).

Filed herewith

Furnished herewith

(1) 

Incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 9, 2021.

(2)

Incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 30, 2022.

(3)

Incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 10, 2023.

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary

Not applicable.

78 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
 authorized.

March 31, 2023

TWIN RIDGE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.

/s/ Sanjay K. Morey 

Name: Sanjay K. Morey

Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer and President

(Principal Executive Officer)

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
 indicated.

/s/ Dale Morrison

March 31, 2023

Dale Morrison

Chairman

/s/ Sanjay K. Morey

March 31, 2023

Sanjay K. Morey

Co-Chief Executive Officer, President and Director(Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ William P. Russell, Jr.

Co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

March 31, 2023

William P. Russell, Jr.

/s/ Alison Burns

Director

March 31, 2023

Alison Burns

/s/ Paul Henrys

Director

March 31, 2023

Paul Henrys

/s/ Gary Pilnick

Director

March 31, 2023

Gary Pilnick

79 

Table of Contents 

TWIN RIDGE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 688 

F-2

Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheet 

F-3

Statement of Operations 

F-4

Statement of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 

F-5

Statement of Cash Flows 

F-6

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-7 to F-21

F-1 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of

Twin Ridge Capital Acquisition Corp.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have
 audited the accompanying balance sheets of Twin Ridge Capital Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended
 December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
 material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 7, 2021 (inception) through
 December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination by June 8, 2023. If a
 Business Combination is not consummated by the required date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution . These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements
 do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
 accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
 PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits
 to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
 financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such
 procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
 as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 . 

March 31, 2023

F-2 

Table of Contents 

TWIN RIDGE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.

BALANCE SHEETS

December 31,

 2022 

December 31, 

 2021 

Assets

Current assets:

Cash

Prepaid expenses

Due from related party, net 

Total Current Assets

Prepaid expenses, non-current

Marketable securities held in Trust Account

Total Assets

Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption, and Shareholders Deficit

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

Due to related party, net 

Total Current Liabilities

Warrant liability

Commitment fee shares liability 

Deferred underwriting discount

Total Liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 7) 

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 
 shares at redemption value of approximately and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Shareholders Deficit:

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 issued and outstanding

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption)

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital

Accumulated deficit

Total Shareholders Deficit

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

F-3 

Table of Contents 

TWIN RIDGE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

For the Year Ended 

December 31 , 2022

For the 

 Period from 

 January 7, 

 2021

 (Inception) 

 through 

 December 31 ,

 2021

Formation and operating costs

Loss from operations

Other income (expense):

Warrant issuance costs

Change in fair value of warrant liability

Change in fair value of over-allotment liability 

Fair value of commitment fee shares liability 

Trust interest income

Other income attributable to derecognition of
 deferred underwriting fee allocated to offering costs 

Total other income, net

Net income

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, ordinary share subject to redemption

Basic and diluted net income per share

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, ordinary share

Basic and diluted net income per share

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

F-4 

Table of Contents 

TWIN RIDGE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE 

PERIOD FROM JANUARY 7, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A

 Ordinary Shares

Class B

 Ordinary Shares

Additional

 Paid-in

Accumulated

Total

 Shareholders 

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Capital

Deficit

Deficit

Balance January 7, 2021 (inception)

Class B ordinary shares issued to Sponsor

Proceeds received in excess of fair value of private placement warrants

-

-

Forfeiture of Class B ordinary shares

Initial classification of Over-allotment liability 

- 

- 

Partial exercise of Over-allotment liability 

- 

- 

Accretion of Class A Ordinary Shares to redemption value

-

-

Net income

-

-

Balance December 31, 2021 

Waived deferred underwriting discount

- 

- 

Remeasurement for Class A Ordinary Shares to redemption value

- 

- 

Net income

- 

- 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

F-5 

Table of Contents 

TWIN RIDGE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the Year Ended 

December 31 , 2022

For the Period 

 from 
 January 7, 

 2021

 (Inception) 

 through 
 December 31 ,

 2021

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities:

Trust interest income

Change in fair value of warrant liability

Change in fair value of over-allotment liability 

Fair value of commitment fee shares liability 

Warrant issuance costs

Other income 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses

Accounts payable

Due from related party 

Due to related party

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Marketable securities held in Trust Account

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Proceeds from Initial Public Offering, net of underwriters fees

Proceeds from private placement

Proceeds from issuance of founder shares

Repayments to promissory note to related party

Payment of offering costs

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net Change in Cash

Cash Beginning

Cash Ending

Non-Cash Investing and Financing activities:

Deferred underwriting commissions charged to additional paid in capital

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Waived deferred underwriting discount 

Initial classification of warrant liability

Deferred offering costs by Sponsor loan

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

F-6 

Table of Contents 

TWIN RIDGE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

units (the Units and, with respect to the ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at per
 Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 3.

warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 4.

consisting of 
 of underwriting discount, of deferred underwriting discount, and of other offering costs.

-day option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On March 10, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase Units (the Over-allotment Units ), generating an aggregate of gross proceeds of , and incurred in cash underwriting fees and in deferred underwriting fees.

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and over-allotment and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was
 placed in a Trust Account, which can be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only
 in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any, the Company s amended and restated memorandum and
 articles of association, as discussed below and subject to the requirements of law and regulation, provide that the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will not be released from the
 Trust Account (1) to the Company, until the completion of the initial Business Combination, or (2) to the Company s public shareholders, until the earliest of (a) the completion of the initial Business Combination, and then only in connection
 with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholders properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the
 Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to provide holders of the Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with
 the initial Business Combination or to redeem of the Company s public shares if the Company does not complete its initial
 Business Combination within months from the closing of the IPO the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other
 provision relating to the rights of holders of the Class A ordinary shares, and (c) the redemption of the Company s public shares if the Company has not consummated its Business Combination within the Combination Period, subject to applicable
 law. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (b) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the Trust Account upon the subsequent completion of an
 initial Business Combination or liquidation if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account
 could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the public shareholders.

F-7 

Table of Contents 

TWIN RIDGE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

DECEMBER 31, 2022

or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the
 time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will complete the initial Business Combination only if the post-Business Combination company in which its public shareholders own
 shares will own or acquire or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling
 interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to
 complete a Business Combination successfully.

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation
 distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of
 clauses (ii) and (iii) to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.

per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay the Company s tax obligations, provided that such
 liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the
 underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act ). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor
 has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company believes that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure
 that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of the Company s officers or directors will indemnify the Company for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.

F-8 

Table of Contents 

TWIN RIDGE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

DECEMBER 31, 2022

of the Class B ordinary shares beneficially owned by Sponsor shall be automatically forfeited and surrendered to the
 Company for no additional consideration.

million of MergeCo Ordinary Shares at the time of MergeCo s choosing during the term of the agreement, subject to certain limitations, including caps on exchanges, issuances and subscriptions based on trading volumes. Each advance under the
 CEF (an Advance may be in an amount of MergeCo Ordinary Shares up to the greater of million or the aggregate daily trading
 volume of MergeCo Ordinary Shares in the five trading days prior to MergeCo requesting an Advance. The purchase price for an
 Advance is determined at the option of MergeCo and is either (a) of the average daily VWAP (as defined below) during the
 applicable pricing period or (b) of the lowest daily VWAP during the applicable three consecutive
 trading day pricing period. VWAP means, for any trading day, the daily volume weighted average price of MergeCo Ordinary Shares for such date on the securities listing exchange that the MergeCo Ordinary Shares are trading as of such date
 during regular trading hours as reported by Bloomberg L.P. The CEF will continue for a term of commencing from the
 sixth trading day following the closing of the Business Combination, unless prior terminated pursuant to its terms.

million in its operating bank account, and working capital deficit of approximately million.

F-9 

Table of Contents 

TWIN RIDGE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

DECEMBER 31, 2022

F-10 

Table of Contents 

TWIN RIDGE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

DECEMBER 31, 2022

t have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

F-11 

Table of Contents 

TWIN RIDGE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

DECEMBER 31, 2022

Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares
 in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require ordinary shares subject to redemption
 to be classified outside of permanent equity. Therefore, all Class A ordinary shares has been classified outside of permanent equity.

Less:

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs

Plus:

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to
 possible redemption - December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption - December 31, 2022 

F-12 

Table of Contents 

TWIN RIDGE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

DECEMBER 31, 2022

potential ordinary shares for outstanding warrants to purchase the Company s shares were excluded from diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021
 because the warrants are contingently exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met. As a result, diluted net income per ordinary share is the same as basic net income per ordinary share for the periods. 

Denominator:

Weighted-average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share

as a result of the IPO consisting of a underwriting fee of
 deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. The Company recorded of offering costs as a reduction of equity in connection with the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units. The Company immediately expensed of offering costs in connection with the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants that were classified as liabilities.

of other income attributable to the derecognition of deferred underwriting fees allocated to offering costs and was recorded
 to additional paid-in capital in relation to the waiver of the deferred underwriting discount in the accompanying financial statements (see Note 7).

F-13 

Table of Contents 

TWIN RIDGE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

DECEMBER 31, 2022

unrecognized tax benefits and amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in
 significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception.

Units at a price of 
 per Unit. Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. The warrants will become exercisable on the later of after the completion of the initial Business Combination or from the closing of the IPO, and will
 expire after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

Units. The aggregate Public Warrants outstanding pursuant to the IPO and the underwriters partially exercised the
 over-allotment option are .

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and over-allotment and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a Trust Account, which can be invested
 only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations.

Class A ordinary share at a price of 
 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed herein. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business
 Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective
 issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as
 applicable, prior to such issuance (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 
 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading
 price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the
 Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, then the exercise price of
 the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and
 the per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.

F-14 

Table of Contents 

TWIN RIDGE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

DECEMBER 31, 2022

from the closing of the IPO or 
 after the completion of its initial Business Combination, and will expire after the completion of the Company s initial
 Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a
 registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current
 prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement provided that, if the Company s Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on
 a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a
 cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, and in the event the Company so elects, it will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but the Company will use its commercially reasonably
 efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th
 day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement,
 exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but the Company will use its commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to
 the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of
 the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) . The fair market value as used in this paragraph shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent.

.

per warrant; 

days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the
 number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any trading days within a -trading day period ending three 
 trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

.

per warrant upon a minimum of 
 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the
 Company s Class A ordinary shares except as otherwise described above 

per public share (as adjusted for
 adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any trading days within the
 -trading day period ending three 
 trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and 

trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant), the Private
 Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants. 

F-15 

Table of Contents 

TWIN RIDGE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

DECEMBER 31, 2022

Private Placement Warrants at a price of 
 per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of , in a private placement. The proceeds from the Private
 Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the IPO held in the Trust Account.

Private Placement Warrants.

after the completion of the
 initial Business Combination and they will not be redeemable by the Company so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. The Sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the Private Placement Warrants on
 a cashless basis. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders
 on the same basis as the warrants included in the Units being sold in the IPO.

, or approximately per share, to cover certain
 offering costs in consideration for Class B ordinary shares, par value . Up to Founder Shares are subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor
 depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised. On February 23, 2021, shares were
 transferred to each of the independent directors. On March 10, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option
 to purchase Units. As a result, 
 founder shares were forfeited on April 19, 2021.

Class B ordinary shares of the Company to independent directors of the Company for per
 share consideration equal to the amount paid by the Sponsor to the Company for each founder share. Pursuant to the terms of the agreements governing these transfers, if the transferee ceases to serve as a director of the Company prior to the
 completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, the Sponsor has the option to repurchase the founder shares from such transferee for the same per share consideration paid by the transferee for the initial transfer. The Sponsor s option to
 repurchase the founder shares shall expire upon the consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination. The sale of the founders shares to the Company s directors is in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation 
 ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, share-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The fair value of the shares sold to the Company s directors was or approximately per share. The founders shares
 were effectively sold subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the founders shares is recognized only when the performance condition is probable of occurrence. As of
 December 31, 2022, the Company determined that a Business Combination is not considered probable, and, therefore, share-based
 compensation expense has been recognized. Share-based compensation would be recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered probable (i.e., upon consummation of a Business Combination) in an amount equal to the number of founders shares
 times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the purchase of the founder shares.

after the completion of the initial Business Combination and (B)
 subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share
 (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any
 -trading day period commencing at least 
 days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of its public shareholders having the right to exchange
 their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property (the Lock-up ).

of the
 Company s Class B ordinary shares beneficially owned by the Sponsor to the Advisor at the closing of the Business Combination. The transfer of the founders shares to the Advisor is in
 the scope of ASC 718 whereby share-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The fair value of the shares to be transferred upon the consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination is or per share. As of November 18, 2022, such
 shares were held by TRCA Subsidiary, an entity that is controlled by the Sponsor, and would revert to the Sponsor if the Business Combination with Carbon Revolution is not completed.

as of December 31, 2022 represents the of taxes paid by the
 Company on behalf of the Sponsor and advanced administrative service fee, net of the operating expenses paid by the Sponsor on behalf
 of the Company.

F-16 

Table of Contents 

TWIN RIDGE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

DECEMBER 31, 2022

as of December 31,
 2021 represents operating expenses paid by the Sponsor on behalf of the Company.

to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of November 30,
 2021 or the closing of the IPO. During the period from January 12, 2021 through December 31, 2021, the Company had borrowed under
 the promissory note. On March 15, 2021, the Company paid the promissory note in full and overpaid , which was recorded as a
 receivable from Sponsor on the balance sheet. The Sponsor returned the overpayment to the Company on May 10, 2021.

(the Promissory Note to Carbon Revolution. The Promissory Note does not bear interest and matures upon closing of the Company s initial business combination. In
 the event that the Company does not consummate a business combination, the Promissory Note will be repaid only from amounts remaining outside of the Trust Account, if any. The proceeds of the Promissory Note will be deposited in the Company s trust
 account. As of March 31, 2023, there was outstanding under the Promissory Note.

of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price
 of per warrant at the option of the lender. As of December 31, 2022, there were such loan amounts outstanding. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. 

per month. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. The Company incurred and paid and for the year ended
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Liabilities:

Warrant Liability Public Warrants

Warrant Liability Private Placement Warrants

Commitment fee shares liability 

F-17 

Table of Contents 

TWIN RIDGE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

DECEMBER 31, 2022

Liabilities:

Warrant Liability Public Warrants

Warrant Liability Private Placement Warrants

). There were transfers in or out of Level 3 from other levels in the fair value hierarchy during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

and , respectively.

.

Expected volatility

Risk-free interest rate

Fair value of the ordinary share price

Revaluation of warrant liability included in other income within the statements of operations

Fair value as of December 31, 2022

F-18 

Table of Contents 

TWIN RIDGE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

DECEMBER 31, 2022

Initial fair value of warrant liability upon issuance at IPO

Initial fair value of warrant liability upon issuance at over-allotment

Transfer out of Level 3 to Level 1

Revaluation of warrant liability included in other income within the statements of operations

Fair value as of December 31, 2021

Risk-free interest rate

Fair value of the ordinary share price 

and is reflected on the Company s balance sheet with the corresponding expense charged to other income (expense). The change in fair value from initial measurement on November 28, 2022 through December 31, 2022 was deemed to be de minimis and
 therefore no change in fair value was recognized through December 31, 2022.

demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration
 statements filed subsequent to the Company s completion of its initial Business Combination. However, the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that the Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities
 Act to become effective until termination of the applicable Lock-up period, which occurs (i) in the case of the Founder Shares, and (ii) in the case of the Private Placement Warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such
 warrants, after the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with
 the filing of any such registration statements.

option from March 3, 2021 to purchase up to an additional 
 units to cover over-allotments.

, which was calculated as two percent of the gross proceeds of the IPO. Additionally, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of of the gross
 proceeds of the IPO held in the Trust Account, or , upon the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination.

units. The option to purchase the remaining units was unexercised and expired on April 19, 2021.

of other income attributable to derecognition of deferred underwriting fee allocated to offering costs and was recorded to
 additional paid-in capital in relation to the waiver of the deferred underwriting discount in the accompanying financial statements. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the deferred underwriting fee payable is and , respectively.

of the Company s ordinary shares upon consummation of the Initial Business Combination.

and is included in accounts payable on the in the Company s
 balance sheets.

F-19 

Table of Contents 

TWIN RIDGE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

DECEMBER 31, 2022

preference shares with a par value of and with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of
 directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding 
 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. 

Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders are entitled to 
 vote for each share of Class B ordinary shares. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares
 issued and outstanding. On March 10, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase 
 Units. As a result, founder shares were forfeited on April 19, 2021. 

of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the completion of
 the IPO, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued by the Company in connection with or in relation to
 the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued or to be issued to any seller in the
 initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, its affiliates or any member of the Company s management team upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert
 into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than -to-one.

into the Trust Account for each such monthly extension, for an aggregate deposit of up to (if all 
 additional monthly extensions are exercised), in exchange for a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note issued by the Company to the Lender.

F-20 

Table of Contents 

TWIN RIDGE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

DECEMBER 31, 2022

(the Promissory Note to Carbon Revolution. The Promissory Note does not bear interest and matures upon closing of the Company s
 initial business combination. In the event that the Company does not consummate a business combination, the Promissory Note will be repaid only from amounts remaining outside of the Trust Account, if any. The proceeds of the Promissory
 Note will be deposited in the Company s trust account. As of March 31, 2023, there was outstanding under the
 Promissory Note which will be utilized for monthly extensions through June 8, 2023.

Class A ordinary shares of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately or per share. After the satisfaction
 of such redemptions and receipt of the initial deposit of to the Trust Account, the balance in the Trust Account was
 approximately . 

F-21 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 brhc10049563_ex4-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.2

Exhibit 4.2

TWIN RIDGE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.

 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

The following summary of the material terms of the securities of Twin Ridge Capital Acquisition Corp. is not intended to be a complete summary of the
 rights and preferences of such securities and is subject to and qualified by reference to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
 year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), and applicable Cayman Islands law. We urge you to read our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association in their entirety for a complete description of the rights and preferences
 securities.

Certain Terms

Unless otherwise stated in this exhibit or the context otherwise requires, references to:

amended and restated memorandum and article of association means the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that the Company adopted prior to the consummation of our initial public offering, as amended by special
 resolution dated March 6, 2023;

Companies Act are to the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time;

Class A ordinary shares means our shares of Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share;

Class B ordinary shares are to our shares of Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share;

founder shares means the 5,327,203 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding;

Industry Advisors means Tom Ben , John Bryant, Mike Duffy, Steve Louden, Christopher O Leary, Mike Polk and Bill Toler;

initial shareholders means all of our shareholders immediately prior to the date of this report, including all of our officers, Industry Advisors and directors to the extent they hold ordinary shares;

initial public offering refers to our initial public offering consummated on March 8, 2021;

management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors;

ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares;

private placement warrants means the warrants exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share issued to the Sponsor simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering and concurrently with the
 partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment after our initial public offering in separate private placements at a price of 1.50 per warrant;

public warrants means the warrants included in the units issued in our initial public offering, each whole warrant being exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share;

public shares means our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market);

public shareholders means the holders of our public shares, including our Sponsor and management team to the extent our Sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our Sponsor s and each member
 of our management team s status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares;

Sponsor means Twin Ridge Capital Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company;

warrants are to our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants to the extent that they are no longer held by our sponsor or their permitted transferees; and

we, us, our, company or our company are to Twin Ridge Capital Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company.

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company and our affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies
 Act and the common law of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which were adopted prior to the consummation of our initial public offering, we are authorized to issue up to 500,000,000
 Class A ordinary shares and 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, as well as 1,000,000 preference shares, 0.0001 par value each. The following description summarizes the material terms of our shares as set out more particularly in our amended and
 restated memorandum and articles of association.

Because this exhibit is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you.

Units

Each unit has an offering price of 10.00 and consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant
 entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described herein. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of
 the company s Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder.

The Class A ordinary shares and warrants comprising the units began separate trading on April 26, 2021. Holders have the option to continue to hold
 units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into Class A ordinary shares and warrants. No fractional warrants will be issued upon
 separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least three units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant.

Additionally, the units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after completion of our initial business
 combination.

Ordinary Shares

As of the date of this Report, there were 11,593,848 ordinary shares issued and outstanding, including:

6,266,645 Class A ordinary shares underlying the units issued as part of this offering and

5,327,203 Class B ordinary shares held by our initial shareholders.

Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described below,
 holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as required by law. Unless
 specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted
 is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. In accordance with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, shareholders representing at least a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares,
 present in person or by proxy, will constitute a quorum. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares that are voted, and pursuant
 to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Our board of
 directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the
 result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds
 legally available therefor.

2 

Because our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, if we were
 to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares which we will be authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the
 business combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination.

Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those
 directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one
 year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or shareholder meetings to elect directors. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders to elect new
 directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination.

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial
 business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest
 earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is
 initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption
 rights will include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to validy redeem its shares. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to
 waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and
 restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business
 combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the date by which we are required to consummate a business combination pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association (the Termination Date or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Unlike many blank check companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in
 conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required
 by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions
 pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a
 shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem
 shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the ordinary shares,
 represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a shareholder meeting are voted in favor of the business combination. In accordance with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, shareholders
 representing at least a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, present in person or by proxy, will constitute a quorum. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, Industry Advisors, directors or their affiliates in
 privately-negotiated transactions (as described in this Report), if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial
 business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. Our amended and
 restated memorandum and articles of association require that at least five clear days notice will be given of any shareholder meeting.

3 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
 combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder
 is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold
 in our initial public offering (the Excess Shares ), without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination.
 Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess
 Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that
 number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or
 by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a shareholder meeting are voted in favor of the business combination. In accordance with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, shareholders representing at least a majority
 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, present in person or by proxy, will constitute a quorum. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business
 combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 469,722, or 7.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), or none (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are
 voted), of our currently outstanding public shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares
 irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all.

Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we have not consummated an initial business combination by the
 Termination Date, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal
 to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses)
 divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly
 as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to
 our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed
 to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination by the Termination Date (although they will be entitled to liquidating
 distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide
 that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more
 than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law.

4 

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in
 all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription
 rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then
 on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our
 initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein.

Founder Shares

The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in
 the units sold in our initial public offering, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that: (a) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail
 below (b) our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares (ii) waive their redemption rights
 with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation
 to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the
 Termination Date or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they
 hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination by the Termination Date (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial
 business combination within the prescribed time frame) (c) the founder shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described
 herein and (d) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. In accordance with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, shareholders representing at least a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares,
 present in person or by proxy, will constitute a quorum. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination.

The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary
 shares delivered upon conversion will not have redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we do not consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier
 at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of
 ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of our initial public offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights
 issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A
 ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, its affiliates or any member of our management team upon conversion of working
 capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one.

5 

Except as described herein, our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder
 shares until earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as
 adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date
 on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. We
 refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this Report as the lock-up. Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor and our directors and executive officers with respect to any founder
 shares.

With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination,
 except as required by law, holders of our founder shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote.

Preference Shares

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize up to 1,000,000 preference shares and provide that preference shares may be
 issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications,
 limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors is able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and
 other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a
 change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preference shares issued and outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so
 in the future. No preference shares were issued or registered in our initial public offering.

Warrants

Public Shareholders Warrants

Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as
 discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of one year from the closing of our initial public offering and 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, except as discussed in the immediately succeeding paragraph.
 Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants have been
 issued or will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least three units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire five years after the
 completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

We will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such
 warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current,
 subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise
 of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that
 the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event
 will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely
 for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit.

6 

We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than twenty business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we
 will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and we will use our commercially
 reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those
 Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement provided that if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such
 that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section
 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue
 sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th day after the closing of the initial business combination,
 warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section
 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would
 pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied
 by the excess of the fair market value (as defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) 0.361. The fair market value as used in this paragraph shall mean the volume weighted average price of the
 Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent.

Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share
 equals or exceeds 18.00 . Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement
 warrants): 

in whole and not in part 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant 

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder and

if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the
 heading Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.

We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A
 ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we
 may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws.

We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a
 significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled
 redemption date. However, the price of the Class A ordinary shares may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under
 the heading Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued.

7 

Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share e quals or exceeds 10.00 . Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part;

at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by
 reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares (as defined below) except as otherwise described below 

if, and only if, the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per public share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under
 the heading Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders and

if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than
 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments ), the private
 placement warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants, as described above.

Beginning on the date the notice of redemption is given until the warrants are redeemed or exercised, holders may elect to exercise their warrants on a
 cashless basis. The numbers in the table below represent the number of Class A ordinary shares that a warrant holder will receive upon such cashless exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the
 fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for 0.10 per warrant), determined for these purposes based on volume
 weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date
 precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends.

Pursuant to the warrant agreement, references above to Class A ordinary shares shall include a security other than Class A ordinary shares into which
 the Class A ordinary shares have been converted or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination. The numbers in the table below will not be adjusted when determining the number of Class A ordinary
 shares to be issued upon exercise of the warrants if we are not the surviving entity following our initial business combination.

The share prices set forth in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon
 exercise of a warrant or the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading -Anti-Dilution Adjustments below. If the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share prices in the column
 headings will equal the share prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of
 which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. The number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant. If
 the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted, (a) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the fifth paragraph under the heading -Anti-Dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share
 price multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price as set forth under the heading -Anti-Dilution Adjustments and the denominator of which is 10.00 and (b) in the case of an
 adjustment pursuant to the second paragraph under the heading -Anti-Dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price less the decrease in the exercise price of a warrant pursuant
 to such exercise price adjustment.

8 

Redemption Date

 (period to expiration of warrants)

Fair Market Value of Class A Ordinary Shares

10.00

11.00

12.00

13.00

14.00

15.00

16.00

17.00

18.00

60 months

0.261

0.281

0.297

0.311

0.324

0.337

0.348

0.358

0.361

57 months

0.257

0.277

0.294

0.310

0.324

0.337

0.348

0.358

0.361

54 months

0.252

0.272

0.291

0.307

0.322

0.335

0.347

0.357

0.361

51 months

0.246

0.268

0.287

0.304

0.320

0.333

0.346

0.357

0.361

48 months

0.241

0.263

0.283

0.301

0.317

0.332

0.344

0.356

0.361

45 months

0.235

0.258

0.279

0.298

0.315

0.330

0.343

0.356

0.361

42 months

0.228

0.252

0.274

0.294

0.312

0.328

0.342

0.355

0.361

39 months

0.221

0.246

0.269

0.290

0.309

0.325

0.340

0.354

0.361

36 months

0.213

0.239

0.263

0.285

0.305

0.323

0.339

0.353

0.361

33 months

0.205

0.232

0.257

0.280

0.301

0.320

0.337

0.352

0.361

30 months

0.196

0.224

0.250

0.274

0.297

0.316

0.335

0.351

0.361

27 months

0.185

0.214

0.242

0.268

0.291

0.313

0.332

0.350

0.361

24 months

0.173

0.204

0.233

0.260

0.285

0.308

0.329

0.348

0.361

21 months

0.161

0.193

0.223

0.252

0.279

0.304

0.326

0.347

0.361

18 months

0.146

0.179

0.211

0.242

0.271

0.298

0.322

0.345

0.361

15 months

0.130

0.164

0.197

0.230

0.262

0.291

0.317

0.342

0.361

12 months

0.111

0.146

0.181

0.216

0.250

0.282

0.312

0.339

0.361

9 months

0.090

0.125

0.162

0.199

0.237

0.272

0.305

0.336

0.361

6 months

0.065

0.099

0.137

0.178

0.219

0.259

0.296

0.331

0.361

3 months

0.034

0.065

0.104

0.150

0.197

0.243

0.286

0.326

0.361

0 months

0.042

0.115

0.179

0.233

0.281

0.323

0.361

9 

The exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values
 in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued for each warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set
 forth for the higher and lower fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the
 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11.00 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in
 connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume
 weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until
 the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable on a cashless basis in
 connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). Finally, as reflected in the table above, if the warrants are out of the money and about to expire, they cannot be exercised on
 a cashless basis in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, since they will not be exercisable for any Class A ordinary shares.

This redemption feature differs from the typical warrant redemption features used in many other blank check offerings, which typically only provide for
 a redemption of warrants for cash (other than the private placement warrants) when the trading price for the Class A ordinary shares exceeds 18.00 per share for a specified period of time. This redemption is structured to allow for all of the
 outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at or above 10.00 per public share, which may be at a time when the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have
 established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth above under -Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary
 share equals or exceeds 18.00. Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed
 volatility input as of March 8, 2021. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be
 outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed. We will be required to pay the applicable redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the
 warrants if we determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price to the
 warrant holders.

As stated above, we can redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise
 price of 11.50, because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If
 we choose to redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer Class A ordinary shares than they would have received if
 they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for Class A ordinary shares if and when such Class A ordinary shares were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. 

No fractional Class A ordinary shares will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a
 share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares pursuant to
 the warrant agreement (for instance, if we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable for a security other than the Class A
 ordinary shares, the Company (or surviving company) will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the warrants.

Redemption Procedures . A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to
 such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the Class A ordinary shares issued and
 outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

10 

Anti-Dilution Adjustments . If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a capitalization or share dividend payable in Class A ordinary shares, or by sub-division or split-up of ordinary shares or other similar
 event, then, on the effective date of such capitalization or share dividend, sub-division, split-up or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in
 the outstanding Class A ordinary shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the historical fair market value (as defined
 below) will be deemed a share dividend of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such
 rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value. For these
 purposes, (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such
 rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) historical fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the
 trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other
 assets to all or substantially all of the holders of the Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) any cash dividends or
 cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A ordinary shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does
 not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of
 each warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a
 proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the
 substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our
 initial business combination by the Termination Date or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, (e) as a result of the repurchase of Class A ordinary shares by us if a proposed
 initial business combination is presented to our shareholders for approval, or (f) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be
 decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of such event.

If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share split or reclassification of Class A
 ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split, reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be
 decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding Class A ordinary shares.

Whenever the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise
 price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately
 prior to such adjustment and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter.

11 

In addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing
 of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any
 such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such
 issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z)
 the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below
 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under
 -Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 and -Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 
 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under -Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to
 the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.

In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely affects
 the par value of such Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any
 reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in
 connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the Class A ordinary shares
 immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of Class A ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification,
 reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. However, if such
 holders were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets for which each warrant
 will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and if a tender, exchange or redemption offer has
 been made to and accepted by such holders (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer made by the Company in connection with redemption rights held by shareholders of the company as provided for in the company s amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association or as a result of the redemption of Class A ordinary shares by the company if a proposed initial business combination is presented to the shareholders of the company for approval) under circumstances in which,
 upon completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of
 such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) more than 50 of
 the issued and outstanding

Class A ordinary shares, the holder of a warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such
 holder would actually have been entitled as a shareholder if such warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the Class A ordinary shares held by such holder had
 been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustment (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement. If less
 than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A ordinary shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is
 quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public
 disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is
 to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the
 warrants.

12 

The warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us.
 The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the
 description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in the prospectus related to our initial public offering, or defective provision, (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as
 contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable
 and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely
 affects the interests of the registered holders. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which is filed as an exhibit to the Report, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants.

The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and
 receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders.

No fractional warrants have been or will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants,
 a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder.

We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant
 agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum
 for any such action, proceeding or claim. See Risk Factors-Our warrant agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for
 certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. This provision applies to claims under
 the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum.

Private Placement Warrants

Except as described below, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of
 the units in our initial public offering. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the
 completion of our initial business combination (except pursuant to limited exceptions as described under Principal Shareholders-Transfers of Founder Shares and Private

Placement Warrants, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the initial purchasers of the private placement
 warrants) and they will not be redeemable by us (except as described under -Warrants-Public Shareholders Warrants-Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 so long as they are held by our sponsor
 or its permitted transferees (except as otherwise set forth herein). Our sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. If the private placement warrants are held by holders
 other than our sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units sold in our initial
 public offering. Any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the number of the then
 outstanding private placement warrants.

13 

Except as described above under -Public Shareholders Warrants-Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds
 10.00, if holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained
 by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the Sponsor fair market value over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the Sponsor fair market value. For these
 purposes, the Sponsor fair market value shall mean the average reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the
 warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our sponsor and its permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated
 with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We have policies in place that restrict insiders from selling our securities except
 during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly,
 unlike public shareholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the Class A ordinary shares received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted
 from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate.

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or
 an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price
 of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. As of March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, there were no such loan amounts outstanding.

Dividends

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial
 business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The
 payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with a business combination, our ability to
 declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent

The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to
 indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed
 or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any claims and losses due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity.

Certain Differences in Corporate Law

Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law
 statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws
 applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders.

Mergers and Similar Arrangements . In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another
 jurisdiction (provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). 

14 

Where the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or
 consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (usually a resolution passed by a majority of 66 2 3 of members entitled to vote, who do so
 vote in person or by proxy at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each company or (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required for a
 merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of each class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent
 company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the
 Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation.

Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of
 the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not
 prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be
 complied with (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions (iii) that no receiver, trustee,
 administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement
 has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended or restricted.

Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a
 declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona
 fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the
 transfer has been obtained, released or waived (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect
 to the transfer have been or will be complied with (iii) that the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction and
 (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation.

Where the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of his
 shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows: (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent
 company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote (b) within 20 days following the date on which
 the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the
 constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the
 period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer
 to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must
 pay the shareholder such amount and (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the company (and any dissenting shareholder) must
 file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have
 not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair
 value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain
 circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such
 shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company.

15 

Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain
 circumstances, schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a
 merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the
 arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or
 creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at a meeting, or meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand
 Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that:

we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote have been complied with 

the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question 

the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve and

the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. 

If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal
 rights (providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of United States corporations.

Squeeze-out Provisions . When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to
 transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the
 shareholders. 

Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these
 statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements of an operating business.

Shareholders Suits . Our Cayman Islands counsel is not
 aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we
 will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on
 English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which:

16 

a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority 

the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained or

those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

A shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be
 infringed.

Enforcement of Civil Liabilities . The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before
 the Federal courts of the United States. 

We have been advised by Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to
 recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to
 impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances,
 although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without
 retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to
 be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable
 on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to
 public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere.

Special Considerations for Exempted Companies . We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is
 registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for
 the exemptions and privileges listed below: 

an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Register of Companies;

an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection 

an exempted company does not have to hold an annual shareholder meeting 

an exempted company may issue shares with no par value 

an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for 20 years in the first instance) 

an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands 

17 

an exempted company may register as a limited duration company and

an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company.

Limited liability means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the company
 (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil).

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections relating to our
 initial public offering that apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution under Cayman Islands law. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed
 to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s shareholders entitled to vote and so voting at
 a shareholder meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the
 company s shareholders. Other than as described above, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend and vote at a
 shareholder meeting of the company (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders.

Our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially owned 20 of our ordinary shares upon the closing of
 our initial public offering, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and
 articles of association will provide, among other things, that:

If we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Termination Date, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days
 thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to
 us to pay our taxes that were paid by us or are payable by us, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
 public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining
 shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law 

Prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a)
 on our initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum
 and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond the Termination Date or (y) amend the foregoing provisions 

Although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors, our officers or our Industry Advisors, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter
 into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such a business combination is
 fair to our company from a financial point of view 

18 

If a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our
 public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other
 information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act 

So long as our securities are then listed on the NYSE, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust
 account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination 

If our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to
 have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Termination Date or (B) with respect to any other provision
 relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash,
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding
 public shares, subject to the limitations described herein and

We will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.

In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an
 amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001.

The Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a
 special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of such company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares who attend and vote at a shareholder meeting or by way of unanimous written resolution. A company s
 articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association
 regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association provide otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum
 and articles of association, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting
 public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares.

Anti-Money Laundering-Cayman Islands

If any person resident in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects, or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting, that another person is engaged in
 criminal conduct or money laundering is involved with terrorism or terrorist financing and property and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of business in the regulated sector or other trade,
 profession, business or employment, the person will be required to report such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands if the
 disclosure relates to criminal conduct or money laundering or (ii) a police officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism Law (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure
 relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property. Such a report shall not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise.

19 

Data Protection - Cayman Islands

We have certain duties under the Data Protection Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Data Protection Act based on internationally accepted
 principles of data privacy.

Privacy Notice

Introduction

This privacy notice puts our shareholders on notice that through your investment in the Company you will provide us with certain personal information
 which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the Data Protection Act personal data ). In the following discussion, the company refers to us and our affiliates and/or delegates, except where the context requires otherwise.

Investor Data

We will collect, use, disclose, retain and secure personal data to the extent reasonably required only and within the parameters that could be
 reasonably expected during the normal course of business. We will only process, disclose, transfer or retain personal data to the extent legitimately required to conduct our activities of on an ongoing basis or to comply with legal and regulatory
 obligations to which we are subject. We will only transfer personal data in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act, and will apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect
 against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal data and against the accidental loss, destruction or damage to the personal data.

In our use of this personal data, we will be characterized as a data controller for the purposes of the Data Protection Act, while our affiliates and
 service providers who may receive this personal data from us in the conduct of our activities may either act as our data processors for the purposes of the Data Protection Act or may process personal information for their own lawful purposes in
 connection with services provided to us.

We may also obtain personal data from other public sources. Personal data includes, without limitation, the following information relating to a
 shareholder and/or any individuals connected with a shareholder as an investor: name, residential address, email address, contact details, corporate contact information, signature, nationality, place of birth, date of birth, tax identification,
 credit history, correspondence records, passport number, bank account details, source of funds details and details relating to the shareholder s investment activity.

Who this Affects

If you are a natural person, this will affect you directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements such as
 trusts or exempted limited partnerships) that provides us with personal data on individuals connected to you for any reason in relation your investment in the company, this will be relevant for those individuals and you should transmit the content
 of this Privacy Notice to such individuals or otherwise advise them of its content.

How the Company May Use a Shareholder s Personal Data

The company, as the data controller, may collect, store and use personal data for lawful purposes, including, in particular:

(a) where this is necessary
 for the performance of our rights and obligations under any purchase agreements 

20 

(b) where this is necessary
 for compliance with a legal and regulatory obligation to which we are subject (such as compliance with anti-money laundering and FATCA/CRS requirements) and/or 

(c) where this is necessary
 for the purposes of our legitimate interests and such interests are not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms. 

Should we wish to use personal data for other specific purposes (including, if applicable, any purpose that requires your consent), we will contact
 you. 

Why We May Transfer Your Personal Data

In certain circumstances we may be legally obliged to share personal data and other information with respect to your shareholding with the relevant
 regulatory authorities such as the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority or the Tax Information Authority. They, in turn, may exchange this information with foreign authorities, including tax authorities.

We anticipates disclosing personal data to persons who provide services to us and their respective affiliates (which may include certain entities
 located outside the United States, the Cayman Islands or the European Economic Area), who will process your personal data on our behalf.

The Data Protection Measures We Take

Any transfer of personal data by us or our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance with the
 requirements of the Data Protection Act.

We and our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates shall apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to
 protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of personal data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, personal data.

We shall notify you of any personal data breach that is reasonably likely to result in a risk to your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms or
 those data subjects to whom the relevant personal data relates.

Certain Anti-takeover Provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that our board of directors will be classified into three classes of
 directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual shareholder meetings.

Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and preference shares will be available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could
 be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares and preference shares
 could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise.

Securities Eligible for Future Sale

We have 6,266,645 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding on an as-converted basis. Of these shares, the Class A ordinary shares sold in our
 initial public offering will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any Class A ordinary shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act.
 All of the outstanding founder shares and all of the outstanding private placement warrants are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering.

21 

Rule 144

Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their
 securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at
 least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the twelve months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale.

Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time
 during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of:

1 of the total number of ordinary shares then-outstanding, which equals 115,938 shares immediately after our initial public offering or

the average weekly reported trading volume of the Class A ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale.

Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public
 information about us.

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies

Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or
 issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met:

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company 

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act 

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding twelve months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and
 materials), other than Form 8-K reports and

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.

As a result, our sponsor will be able to sell its founder shares and private placement warrants, as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without
 registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination.

Registration and Shareholder Rights

The holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any
 Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights
 agreement signed on the effective date of our initial public offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain
 piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. However, the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that we will not permit any
 registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lockup period, which occurs (i) in the case of the founder shares, as described in the following paragraph, and (ii) in the case of the
 private placement warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such
 registration statements.

22 

Except as described herein, our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell their founder shares until
 the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted
 for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which
 we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted
 transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor with respect to any founder shares.

In addition, pursuant to the registration and shareholder rights agreement, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business
 combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement.

Listing of Securities

Our units, Class A ordinary and warrants are each traded on the NYSE under the symbols TRCA.U, TRCA and TRCA WS, respectively. Our units
 commenced public trading on March 4, 2021. Our Class A ordinary shares and warrants began separate trading on April 26, 2021. The units will automatically separate and will not be traded following the completion of our initial business combination.

23 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 brhc10049563_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)

 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

I, Sanjay K. Morey, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
 period ended December 31, 2022 of Twin Ridge Capital Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
 untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
 financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
 responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
 the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and
 procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
 entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over
 financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
 registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the
 registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
 to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
 disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
 weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that
 involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023

/s/ Sanjay K. Morey

Sanjay K. Morey

Co-Chief Executive Officer and President

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 brhc10049563_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)

 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

I, William P. Russell, Jr., certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
 period ended December 31, 2022 of Twin Ridge Capital Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
 untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
 financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
 responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
 the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and
 procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
 entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over
 financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
 registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the
 registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
 to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
 disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
 weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that
 involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023

/s/ William P. Russell, Jr. 

William P. Russell, Jr.

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 brhc10049563_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted

 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Twin Ridge Capital Acquisition Corp. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Sanjay K. Morey, Co-Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge:

(1) the Report fully complies with the
 requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report
 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023

/s/ Sanjay K. Morey

Sanjay K. Morey

Co-Chief Executive Officer and President

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 brhc10049563_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted

 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Twin Ridge Capital Acquisition Corp. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Sanjay K. Morey, Co-Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge:

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
 respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023

/s/ William P. Russell, Jr. 

William P. Russell, Jr.

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 trca-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 trca-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 trca-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 trca-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 trca-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

