<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230303_10-K_edgar_data_1487918_0001487918-23-000011.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>35816907</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>474262</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2870471</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13445369</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7705999</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>10741010</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001487918-23-000011.hdr.sgml : 20230303
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230303080104
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001487918-23-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		102
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230303
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230303

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OFS Capital Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001487918
		IRS NUMBER:				461339639
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00813
		FILM NUMBER:		23701682

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 SOUTH WACKER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2500
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60606
		BUSINESS PHONE:		847-734-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 SOUTH WACKER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2500
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60606

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OFS Capital, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100324

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001487918-23-000011.txt : 20230303

10-K
 1
 ofs-20221231.htm
 10-K

ofs-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 Form 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 
 
 (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER) (State or jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 REGISTRANT S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE: 
 ) 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: 
 None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter periods as the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Large accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) YES NO 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant's voting shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, was approximately million based on 9.92 per share, the last reported sale price of the shares of common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. For the purpose of calculating this amount only, shares held by certain stockholders and by directors and executive officers of the registrant have been excluded. On March 1, 2023, there were shares outstanding of the Registrant s common stock, 0.01 par value. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART 1 
 Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 28 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 62 
 Item 2. Properties 
 62 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 63 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 63 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 64 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 73 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 73 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 96 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 98 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 165 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 165 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 165 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 165 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 166 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 166 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 166 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 166 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 166 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 167 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 169 
 Signatures 
 170 

The name OFS Capital Corporation, our logo and other trademarks of OFS Capital Corporation are the property of OFS Capital Corporation. All other trademarks or trade names referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of their respective owners. 

Defined Terms 
 We have used we, us, our, our company, and the Company to refer to OFS Capital Corporation in this report. We also have used several other terms in this report, which are explained or defined below: Term Explanation or Definition 1940 Act Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended Adjusted NII A financial measure calculated and presented on a basis other than in accordance with GAAP and represents net investment income excluding the capital gains incentive fee 
 Administration Agreement Administration Agreement between the Company and OFS Services dated November 7, 2012 Advisers Act Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended Affiliated Account An account, other than the Company, managed by OFS Advisor or an affiliate of OFS Advisor Affiliated Fund Certain other funds, including other BDCs and registered investment companies managed by OFS Advisor or by registered investment advisers controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, OFS Advisor Annual Distribution Requirement Distributions to our stockholders, for each taxable year, of at least 90 of our ICTI ASC Accounting Standards Codification, as issued by the FASB ASC Topic 820 ASC Topic 820, "Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures" ASU Accounting Standards Updates, as issued by the FASB BDC Business Development Company under the 1940 Act BLA Business Loan Agreement, as amended, with Pacific Western Bank, as lender, which provides the Company with a senior secured revolving credit facility BNP Facility A secured revolving credit facility, as amended, that provides for borrowings in an aggregate principal amount up to 150,000,000 issued pursuant to a Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, as amended, by and among OFSCC-FS, the lenders from time to time parties thereto, BNP Paribas, as administrative agent, OFSCC-FS Holdings, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, as equityholder, the Company, as servicer, Citibank, N.A., as collateral agent and Virtus Group, LP, as collateral administrator Board The Company s board of directors CLO Collateralized loan obligation Code Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended Company OFS Capital Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries DRIP Distribution reinvestment plan EBITDA Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board GAAP Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States HPCI Hancock Park Corporate Income, Inc., a Maryland corporation and non-traded BDC for whom OFS Advisor serves as investment adviser ICTI Investment company taxable income, which is generally net ordinary income plus net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses Indicative Prices Market quotations, prices from pricing services or bids from brokers or dealers Investment Advisory Agreement Investment Advisory and Management Agreement between the Company and OFS Advisor dated November 7, 2012 LIBOR London Interbank Offered Rate NAV Net asset value. NAV is calculated as consolidated total assets less consolidated total liabilities and can be expressed in the aggregate or on a per share basis Net Loan Fees The cumulative amount of fees, such as origination fees, discounts, premiums and amendment fees that are deferred and recognized as income over the life of the loan OCCI OFS Credit Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company for whom OFS Advisor serves as investment adviser OFS The collective activities and operations of OFSAM Holdings, its direct and indirect subsidiaries, and certain affiliates OFS Advisor OFS Capital Management, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of OFSAM and registered investment advisor under the Advisers Act, focusing primarily on investments in middle market loans and Broadly Syndicated Loans, debt and equity positions in CLOs and other structured credit investments 
 1 

Term Explanation or Definition OFSC Orchard First Source Capital, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of OFSAM OFS Services OFS Capital Services, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of OFSAM and affiliate of OFS Advisor OFSAM Orchard First Source Asset Management, LLC, a subsidiary of OFSAM Holdings and a full-service provider of capital and leveraged finance solutions to U.S. corporations OFSAM Holdings A holding company consisting of asset management businesses, including OFS Advisor, a registered investment adviser focusing primarily on investments in middle market loans and Broadly Syndicated Loans, debt and equity positions in CLOs and other structured credit investments and OFS CLO Management, LLC and OFS CLO II Management, LLC, each a registered investment adviser focusing primarily on investments in Broadly Syndicated Loans OFSCC-FS OFSCC-FS, LLC, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company OFSCC-FS Assets Assets held by the Company through OFSCC-FS OFSCC-MB OFSCC-MB, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary taxed under subchapter C of the Code that generally holds the equity investments of the Company that are taxed as pass-through entities OID Original issue discount Order An exemptive relief order from the SEC to permit us to co-invest in portfolio companies with Affiliated Funds in a manner consistent with our investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors, subject to compliance with certain conditions Parent OFS Capital Corporation PIK Payment-in-kind, non-cash interest or dividends payable as an addition to the loan or equity security producing the income Portfolio Company Investment A debt or equity investment in a portfolio company. Portfolio Company Investments exclude Structured Finance Securities Prime Rate United States Prime interest rate PWB Credit Facility A senior secured revolving credit facility, as amended, with Pacific Western Bank, as lender, that provides for borrowings to the Company in an aggregate principal amount up to 25,000,000 RIC Regulated investment company under the Code SBA United States Small Business Administration SBIC A fund licensed under the SBA Small Business Investment Company Program SBIC Acquisition The Company's acquisition of the remaining ownership interests in SBIC I LP and OFS SBIC I GP, LLC on December 4, 2013 SBIC Act Small Business Investment Act of 1958, as amended SBIC I LP OFS SBIC I, LP, a wholly owned SBIC subsidiary of the Company SBIC I GP OFS SBIC I GP, LLC SEC United States Securities and Exchange Commission Securities Act Securities Act of 1933, as amended SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate Staffing Agreement Staffing and Corporate Services Agreement between OFS Services and OFSC dated November 7, 2012 Stock Repurchase Program The open market stock repurchase program for shares of the Company s common stock under Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act Structured Finance Securities CLO mezzanine debt, CLO subordinated notes and CLO loan accumulation facility securities Transaction Price The price in an arm s length transaction involving the same security Unsecured Notes The Unsecured Notes Due September 2023, the Unsecured Notes Due April 2025, the Unsecured Notes Due October 2025, the Unsecured Notes Due October 2026, the Unsecured Notes Due February 2026 and the Unsecured Notes Due October 2028 Unsecured Notes Due April 2025 The Company s 50.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.375 notes due April 30, 2025, which were redeemed on March 12, 2021 Unsecured Notes Due February 2026 The Company s 125.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.75 notes due February 10, 2026 Unsecured Notes Due October 2025 The Company s 48.5 million aggregate principal amount of 6.5 notes due October 30, 2025, which were redeemed on March 12, 2021 
 2 

Term Explanation or Definition Unsecured Notes Due October 2026 The Company's 54.3 million aggregate principal amount of 5.95 notes due October 31, 2026, which were redeemed on November 22, 2021 Unsecured Notes Due October 2028 The Company s 55.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.95 notes due October 31, 2028 Unsecured Notes Due September 2023 The Company s 25.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.25 notes due September 30, 2023, which were redeemed on November 1, 2021 
 3 

PART I 
 As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, except as otherwise indicated, the terms OFS Capital, the Company, we, us, and our refer to OFS Capital Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 GENERAL 
 We are an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company and have elected to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act, which imposes certain investment restrictions on our portfolio. Our investment objective is to provide our stockholders with both current income and capital appreciation primarily through debt investments and, to a lesser extent, equity investments. Our investment strategy is to maintain a credit investment portfolio focused primarily on middle-market companies in the United States. We use the term middle-market to refer to companies that may exhibit one or more of the following characteristics: number of employees between 150 and 2,000; revenues between 15 million and 300 million; annual EBITDA between 5 million and 50 million; generally, private companies owned by private equity firms or owners/operators; and enterprise value between 10 million and 500 million. For additional information about how we define the middle-market, see Investment Criteria/Guidelines. 
 Our investment strategy focuses primarily on investments in middle-market companies in the United States, including investments in senior secured loans, which are comprised of first-lien, second-lien and unitranche loans, as well as investments in subordinated loans and, to a lesser extent, warrants and other equity securities. Our investments may be directly originated or may be purchased on a secondary basis in the U.S. leveraged loan market for Broadly Syndicated Loans (as defined below). As a BDC, we must not acquire any assets other than qualifying assets as specified in the 1940 Act unless, at the time the acquisition is made, at least 70 of our assets, as defined by the 1940 Act, are qualifying assets (with certain limited exceptions). Qualifying assets include investments in eligible portfolio companies. Under the relevant SEC rules, the term eligible portfolio company includes all private companies, companies whose securities are not listed on a national securities exchange, and certain public companies that have listed their securities on a national securities exchange and have a market capitalization of less than 250 million, in each case organized in the United States. Conversely, we may invest up to 30 of our portfolio in opportunistic investments not otherwise eligible under BDC regulations. Specifically, as part of this 30 basket, we may consider investments in investment funds that are operating pursuant to certain exceptions to the 1940 Act and in advisers to similar investment funds, as well as in debt or equity of middle-market portfolio companies located outside of the United States, and debt and equity of public companies that do not meet the definition of eligible portfolio companies because their market capitalization of publicly traded equity securities exceeds the levels provided for in the 1940 Act. We have made, and may continue to make, opportunistic investments in Structured Finance Securities and other non-qualifying assets (discussed below), consistent with our investment strategy. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately 80 and 85 , respectively, of our investments were qualifying assets. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of our debt investment portfolio totaled 312.9 million in 52 portfolio companies, of which 99.6 and 0.4 were comprised of senior secured loans and subordinated loans, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of our equity investments totaled 99.2 million in 16 portfolio companies, and the fair value of our 23 Structured Finance Security investments totaled 88.5 million. 
 We have executed our investment strategy, in part, through SBIC I LP, a licensee under the SBA s SBIC program, which is subject to SBA regulations and policies, including periodic audits by the SBA. On a stand-alone basis, SBIC I LP held approximately 176.5 million and 195.5 million in assets, or approximately 34 and 34 of our total consolidated assets, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As part of our plans to focus on providing first lien senior secured loans to larger borrowers, which we believe will improve our overall risk profile, SBIC I LP is repaying over time its outstanding SBA debentures prior to their scheduled maturity dates. As such, we a re not making new investments through SBIC I LP, other than follow-on investments. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we made a 2.4 million follow-on investment in a portfolio company and redeemed 19.0 million of SBA debentures. For additional information r egarding the regulation of SBIC I LP, see Regulation Small Business Investment Company Regulations. 
 We also execute on our investment strategy, in part, through OFSCC-FS, which established the BNP Facility on June 20, 2019, to provide borrowings of up to 150.0 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we amended the BNP Facility to, among other things: (i) extend the reinvestment period for three years from June 20, 2022 to June 20, 2025; and (ii) extend the maturity date from June 20, 2024 to June 20, 2027. On a stand-alone basis, OFSCC-FS held approximately 173.7 million and 185.1 million in assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which accounted for approximately 33 and 33 of our consolidated total assets, respectively. 
 We further execute our investment strategy, in part, by investing in Structured Finance Securities. We believe OFS Advisor is uniquely positioned, given its expertise in structured credit and managing CLOs, to make opportunistic investments 
 4 

in Structured Finance Securities, through which we target attractive risk-adjusted returns. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we purchased 43.2 million and 30.4 million of Structured Finance Securities, respectively. 
 A BDC is generally not permitted to incur indebtedness unless immediately after such borrowing, it has an asset coverage ratio for total borrowings of at least 200 (i.e., the amount of debt may not exceed 50 of the value of our assets). However, Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act permits BDCs to be subject to a minimum asset coverage ratio of 150 , if specific conditions are satisfied, when issuing senior securities (i.e., the amount of debt may not exceed 66 2/3 of the value of our assets). 
 On May 3, 2018, the Board, including a required majority (as such term is defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of the Board, approved the application of Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act and, as a result, effective May 3, 2019, the asset coverage ratio test applicable to us was decreased from 200 to 150 . See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and Structure Because we received the approval of our Board, we became subject to 150 Asset Coverage effective May 3, 2019. Additionally, effective November 26, 2013, we received exemptive relief from the SEC to exclude our SBA guaranteed debentures from the definition of senior securities in the statutory asset coverage ratio under the 1940 Act. 
 Consistent with our strategy to maintain a leveraged portfolio of credit investments, our debt levels of 335.6 million and 349.9 million resulted in a statutory asset coverage ratio of 163 and 173 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 We have elected to be treated for tax purposes as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. To continue to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements. Pursuant to this election, we generally are not required to pay corporate-level taxes on any income we distribute to our stockholders. 
 Our investment activities are managed by OFS Advisor and supervised by our Board, a majority of whom are independent of us, OFS Advisor and its affiliates. Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, we have agreed to pay OFS Advisor an annual base management fee based on the average value of our total assets (other than cash and cash equivalents but including assets purchased with borrowed funds and including assets owned by any consolidated entity) as well as an incentive fee based on our investment performance. OFS Advisor also serves as the investment adviser or sub-adviser to various clients, including HPCI, OCCI, CMFT Securities Investments, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of CIM Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc., a corporation that qualifies as a real estate investment trust, and CIM Real Assets Credit Fund, an externally managed registered investment company under the 1940 Act that operates as an interval fund that invests primarily in a combination of real estate, credit and related investments. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to OFS Advisor and its Affiliates We have potential conflicts of interest related to obligations that OFS Advisor or its affiliates may have to other clients. 
 Also, we have entered into an Administration Agreement with OFS Services. Under our Administration Agreement, we have agreed to reimburse OFS Services for our allocable portion (subject to the review and approval of our Board) of overhead and other expenses incurred by OFS Services in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement. See Management and Other Agreements Administration Agreement. 
 About OFS and Our Advisor 
 OFS is a full-service provider of capital and leveraged finance solutions to U.S. companies. As of December 31, 2022, OFS had 50 full-time employees. OFS is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois and also has offices in New York, New York and Los Angeles, California. Under the Staffing Agreement, OFSC makes experienced investment professionals available to OFS Advisor and provides OFS Advisor with access to the senior investment personnel of OFS and its affiliates. The Staffing Agreement also provides OFS Advisor with access to deal flow generated by OFS and its affiliates in the ordinary course of their businesses and commits the members of OFS Advisor s investment committees to serve in that capacity. 
 Our investment activities are managed by OFS Advisor, our investment adviser. OFS Advisor is responsible for sourcing potential investments, conducting research and diligence on potential investments and equity sponsors, analyzing investment opportunities, structuring our investments, and monitoring our investments and portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. As our investment adviser, OFS Advisor allocates investment opportunities among us and any other clients fairly and equitably over time in accordance with its allocation policy. See "Regulation Exemptive Relief." OFS Advisor is a registered investment adviser under the Advisers Act and a wholly owned subsidiary of OFSAM. 
 Our relationship with OFS Advisor is governed by and dependent on the Investment Advisory Agreement and may be subject to conflicts of interest. See "Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to OFS Advisor and its Affiliates." OFS Advisor provides us with advisory services in exchange for a base management fee and incentive fee; see Management and Other Agreements Investment Advisory Agreement . Our management fee includes assets purchased with borrowed funds and assets owned by any consolidated entity; therefore, OFS Advisor will benefit when we incur debt or use leverage. Our Board is charged with protecting stockholders' interests by monitoring how OFS Advisor addresses these and other conflicts of interest associated with its management services and compensation. While our Board is not expected to review or approve each 
 5 

borrowing or incurrence of leverage, our independent directors periodically review OFS Advisor s services and fees as well as its portfolio management decisions and portfolio performance. 
 OFS Advisor capitalizes on the deal origination and sourcing, credit underwriting, due diligence, investment structuring, execution, portfolio management and monitoring experience of OFS s professionals. The senior management team of OFS, including Bilal Rashid and Jeffrey A. Cerny, provides services to OFS Advisor. These managers have developed a broad network of contacts within the investment community, and possess an average of over 25 years of experience investing in debt and equity securities of middle-market companies. In addition, these managers have extensive experience investing in assets that constitute our primary focus and have expertise in investing across all levels of the capital structure of middle-market companies. 
 Competitive Strengths and Core Competencies 
 Deep Management Team Experienced in All Phases of Investment Cycle and Across All Levels of the Capital Structure. We are managed by OFS Advisor, which has access to the resources and expertise of OFS s investment professionals through the Staffing Agreement with OFSC. As of December 31, 2022, OFS s credit and investment professionals (including all investment committee members) employed by OFSC had an average of over 15 years of investment experience with strong institutional backgrounds. 
 Investment Capacity. The net proceeds of equity and debt offerings and borrowing capacity under our credit facilities should provide us with a sufficient amount of capital available for deployment into new investment opportunities in our targeted asset class. 
 Scalable Infrastructure Supporting the Entire Investment Cycle. We believe that our loan acquisition, origination and sourcing, underwriting, administration and management platform is scalable (that is, it can be expanded on a cost-efficient basis within a timeframe that meets the demands of business growth). Our platform extends beyond origination and sourcing and includes a regimented credit monitoring system. We believe that our careful approach, which involves ongoing review and analysis by an experienced team of professionals, should enable us to identify problems early and to assist borrowers before they face difficult liquidity constraints. 
 Extensive Loan Sourcing Capabilities. OFS Advisor gives us access to the deal flow of OFS. We believe OFS s 25-year history as a middle-market lending platform, extensive relationships with potential borrowers and other lenders, and its market position make it a leading lender to many sponsors and other deal sources, especially in the currently under-served lending environment. 
 Structuring with a High Level of Service and Operational Orientation. We provide client-specific and creative financing structures to our portfolio companies. Based on our experience in lending to, and investing in, middle-market companies, we believe that the middle-market companies we target, as well as sponsor groups we may pursue, require a higher level of service, creativity and knowledge than has historically been provided by other service providers more accustomed to participating in commodity-like loan transactions. 
 Rigorous Credit Analysis and Approval Procedures. OFS Advisor utilizes an established, disciplined investment process of OFS for reviewing lending opportunities, structuring transactions and monitoring investments. Using a disciplined approach to lending, OFS Advisor seeks to minimize credit losses through effective underwriting, comprehensive due diligence investigations, structuring and, where appropriate, the implementation of restrictive debt covenants. 
 Our Administrator 
 We do not have any direct employees, and our day-to-day investment operations are managed by OFS Advisor. We have a chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief compliance officer, chief accounting officer, corporate secretary and, to the extent necessary, our Board may elect to appoint additional officers going forward. Our officers are employees of OFSC, an affiliate of OFS Advisor, and a portion of the compensation paid to our officers is paid by us pursuant to the Administration Agreement. All of our executive officers are also officers of OFS Advisor. 
 OFS Services, an affiliate of OFS Advisor, provides the administrative services necessary for us to operate. OFS Services furnishes us with office facilities and equipment, necessary software licenses and subscriptions and clerical, bookkeeping and recordkeeping services at such facilities. OFS Services oversees our financial reporting as well as prepares our reports to stockholders and all other reports and materials required to be filed with the SEC or any other regulatory authority. OFS Services also manages the determination and publication of our NAV, the preparation and filing of our tax returns, and generally monitors the payment of our expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others. OFS Services may retain third parties to assist in providing administrative services to us. To the extent that OFS Services outsources any of its functions, we will directly pay the fees associated with such services. 
 6 

Market Opportunity 
 Our investment strategy is focused primarily on investments in middle-market companies in the United States. We find the middle-market attractive for the following reasons: 
 Large Target Market. According to the National Center for the Middle Market, as of the fourth quarter of 2022, there were approximately 200,000 companies in the United States with annual revenues between 10.0 million and 1.0 billion. We believe that these middle-market companies represent a significant growth segment of the U.S. economy and often require substantial capital investments to grow. Middle-market companies have historically constituted the bulk of OFS s portfolio companies since its inception and constituted the majority of our portfolio at fair value as of December 31, 2022. We believe that this market segment will continue to produce significant investment opportunities for us. 
 Specialized Lending Requirements with High Barriers to Entry. We believe that several factors render many U.S. financial institutions ill-suited to lend to U.S. middle-market companies. For example, based on the experience of our management team, lending to private middle-market companies in the United States (a) is generally more labor-intensive than lending to larger companies due to the smaller size of each investment and the fragmented nature of information for such companies, (b) requires due diligence and underwriting practices consistent with the demands and economic limitations of the middle-market and (c) may also require more extensive ongoing monitoring by the lender. As a result, middle-market companies historically have been served by a limited segment of the lending community. Due to the unique challenges facing lenders to middle-market companies, we believe that there are high barriers to entry that a new lender must overcome. 
 Robust Demand for Debt Capital. We believe that private equity firms have significant committed but uncalled capital, a large portion of which is available for investment in the United States. Subject to market conditions, we expect the large amount of unfunded buyout commitments will drive demand for leveraged buyouts over the next several years, which should, in turn, create leveraged lending opportunities for us. 
 Competition 
 Our primary competitors include public and private funds, other BDCs, commercial and investment banks, commercial finance companies and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity and hedge funds. Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical, and marketing resources than we do. Many of these competitors have similar investment objectives to us, which may create additional competition for investment opportunities. Some competitors may have a lower cost of capital and access to funding sources that are not available to us, which may create competitive disadvantages for us with respect to our investment opportunity. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments and investment strategies, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Further, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC, or to the distribution and other requirements we must satisfy to maintain our RIC status. 
 We expect to continue to use the expertise of the investment professionals of OFS to whom we have access to assess investment risks and determine appropriate pricing for our investments in portfolio companies. In addition, we expect that the relationships of the senior members of OFS and its affiliates will enable us to learn about, and compete effectively for, financing opportunities with attractive middle-market companies in the industries in which we seek to invest. See " Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Structure We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities, which could reduce returns and result in losses " for additional information concerning the competitive risks we face. 
 
 7 

Due Diligence and Investment Process Overview 
 We employ a thorough and disciplined underwriting and due diligence process that is conducted in accordance with established credit policies and procedures and focused on investment recovery. Our process involves a comprehensive analysis of a prospective portfolio company s market, operational, financial, and legal position, as well as its future prospects. In addition to our own analysis, we may use the services of third parties for environmental reviews, quality of earnings reports, industry surveys, background checks on key managers, and insurance reviews. 
 We seek to invest in companies that have experienced and incentivized management teams, stable and predictable cash flows, and defensible market positions. We underwrite the majority of our investments with the expectation that we will hold them for a number of years, and we structure and document, as applicable, our investments accordingly. 
 Our due diligence and underwriting process typically addresses the following elements (although certain elements may not be included in every due diligence undertaking): 
 Prospective Portfolio Company Characteristics - focusing on primary drivers of the company s revenues and cash flows, including its key products and services; customer and supplier concentrations, and contractual relationships; depth, breadth, and quality of company management, as well as the extent to which the management team is appropriately compensated with equity incentives; and any regulatory, labor or litigation matters impacting the company. 
 Industry and Competitive Overview - including industry size and the company s position within it; growth potential and barriers to entry; governmental, regulatory, or technological issues potentially affecting the industry; and cyclicality or seasonality risks associated with the industry. 
 Financial Analysis - involving an understanding of the company s historical financial results, focusing on actual operating trends experienced over time, in order to forecast future performance, including in various sensitized performance scenarios; attention to projected cash flows, debt service coverage, and leverage multiples under such scenarios; and an assessment of enterprise valuations and debt repayment/investment recovery prospects given such sensitized performance scenarios. 
 Investment Documentation - focusing on obtaining the best legal protections available to us given our position within the capital structure, including, as appropriate, financial covenants; collateral liens and stock pledges; review of loan documents of other of the prospective portfolio company s creditors; and negotiation of inter-creditor agreements. 
 Portfolio Review/Risk Monitoring 
 We view active portfolio monitoring as a vital part of our investment process, and we benefit from a portfolio management system developed by OFS that includes daily, weekly, monthly, and quarterly components, and that involves comprehensive review of the performance of each of our portfolio companies. As part of the portfolio management process, 
 8 

OFS Advisor performs ongoing risk assessments on each of our investments and assigns each debt investment a credit rating based on OFS s internal ratings scale. Our debt investments generally are assigned a rating of 3 at origination or purchase. 
 We categorize debt investments into the following risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt: 
 1 (Low Risk) The debt investment has mostly satisfactory asset quality and liquidity, as well as good leverage capacity. It maintains predictable and strong cash flows from operations. The trends and outlook for the portfolio company's operations, balance sheet, and industry are neutral to favorable. Collateral, if appropriate, has maintained value and would be capable of being liquidated on a timely basis. Overall a debt investment with a 1 risk rating is considered to be of investment grade quality. 
 2 (Below Average Risk) The debt investment has acceptable asset quality, moderate excess liquidity, and modest leverage capacity. It could have some financial/non-financial weaknesses which are offset by strengths; however, the credit demonstrates an ample current cash flow from operations. The trends and outlook for the portfolio company's operations, balance sheet, and industry are generally positive or neutral to somewhat negative. Collateral, if appropriate, has maintained value and would be capable of being liquidated successfully on a timely basis. 
 3 (Average) The debt investment has acceptable asset quality, somewhat strained liquidity, and minimal leverage capacity. It is at times characterized by acceptable cash flows from operations. Under adverse market conditions, the debt service could pose difficulties for the borrower. The trends and conditions of the portfolio company's operations and balance sheet are neutral to slightly negative. 
 4 (Special Mention) The debt investment has not lost, and is not expected to lose, principal or interest but it possesses credit deficiencies or potential weaknesses which deserve management s close and continued attention. The portfolio company s operations and/or balance sheet have demonstrated an adverse trend or deterioration which, while serious, has not reached the point where the liquidation of debt is jeopardized. These weaknesses are generally considered correctable by the borrower in the normal course of business but may weaken the asset or inadequately protect our credit position if not checked or corrected. 
 5 (Substandard) The debt investment is protected inadequately by the current enterprise value or paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral, if any. The portfolio company has well-defined weaknesses based upon objective evidence, such as recurring or significant decreases in revenues and cash flows. These assets are characterized by the possibility that we may sustain loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. The possibility that liquidation would not be timely (e.g., bankruptcy or foreclosure) requires a Substandard classification even if there is little likelihood of loss. 
 6 (Doubtful) The debt investment has all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as Substandard, with the additional factor that the weaknesses are pronounced to the point that collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values, is deemed uncertain. The possibility of loss on a Doubtful asset is high but, because of certain important and reasonably specific pending factors which may strengthen the asset, its classification as an estimated loss is deferred until its more exact status can be determined. 
 7 (Loss) The debt investment is considered almost fully uncollectible and of such little value that its continuance as an asset is not warranted. It is generally a credit that is no longer supported by an operating company, a credit where the majority of our assets have been liquidated or sold and a few assets remain to be sold over many months or even years, or a credit where the remaining collections are expected to be minimal. 
 See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Monitoring for the classification of our debt investments by risk category. 
 Investment Committees 
 OFS Advisor s Pre-Allocation Investment Committee, Broadly Syndicated Investment Committee, Structured Credit Investment Committee and Middle-Market Investment Committee (collectively, the Advisor Investment Committees are responsible for the overall asset allocation decisions and the evaluation and approval of investments of OFS Advisor s advisory clients. 
 The Middle-Market Investment Committee, comprised of Richard Ressler (Chairman), Jeffrey A. Cerny, Kyde Sharp and Bilal Rashid, along with the investment committee for SBIC I LP (the SBIC Investment Committee ), comprised of Messrs. Rashid, Cerny, and Tod Reichert, are responsible for the evaluation and approval of all debt and equity investments made by us directly or through our wholly owned subsidiaries, as appropriate. 
 The process employed by the Advisor Investment Committees, including the Middle-Market Investment Committee and the SBIC Investment Committee, is intended to bring the diverse experience and perspectives of the committees members to the investment process. The Middle-Market Investment Committee and SBIC Investment Committee serve to provide 
 9 

investment consistency and adherence to our core investment philosophy and policies. The Middle-Market Investment Committee and SBIC Investment Committee also determine appropriate investment sizing and implement ongoing monitoring requirements of our investments. 
 In certain instances, management may seek the approval of our Board prior to making an investment. In addition to reviewing investments, the meetings of the Middle-Market Investment Committee and SBIC Investment Committee, where applicable, serve as a forum to discuss credit views and outlooks. Potential transactions and deal flows are reviewed on a regular basis. Members of the investment team are encouraged to share information and views on credits with members of the Middle-Market Investment Committee and SBIC Investment Committee, where applicable, early in their analysis. We believe this process improves the quality of the analysis and assists the deal team members in working efficiently. 
 The Structured Credit Investment Committee, comprised of Messrs. Ressler (Chairman), Rashid and Cerny, and Glen Ostrander and Kenneth A. Brown, is responsible for the evaluation and approval of all the Structured Finance Security investments made by us. 
 Investments 
 We pursue an investment strategy focused primarily on investments in middle-market companies in the United States. We focus on investments in loans, in which OFS Advisor s investment professionals have expertise, including investments in first-lien, unitranche, second-lien, and mezzanine loans and, to a lesser extent, warrants and other equity securities and Structured Finance Securities. We seek to create a diverse portfolio by making investments in the securities of middle-market companies that we expect to range generally from 3.0 million to 25.0 million each, although we expect this investment size will vary proportionately with the size of our capital base. 
 Structure of Investments 
 We anticipate that our loan portfolio will continue to contain investments of the following types with the following characteristics: 
 Senior Secured First-Lien Loans. First-lien senior secured loans comprise, and will continue to comprise, a significant portion of our investment portfolio. We obtain security interests in the assets of these portfolio companies as collateral in support of the repayment of these loans (in certain cases, subject to a payment waterfall). The collateral takes the form of first-priority liens on specified assets of the portfolio company borrower and, typically, first-priority pledges of the ownership interests in the borrower. Our first lien loans may provide for moderate loan amortization in the early years of the loan, with the majority of the amortization deferred until loan maturity. 
 Senior Secured Unitranche Loans. Unitranche loans are loans that combine both senior and subordinated debt into one loan under which the borrower pays a single blended interest rate that is intended to reflect the relative risk of the secured and unsecured components. We typically structure our unitranche loans as senior secured loans. We obtain security interests in the assets of these portfolio companies as collateral in support of the repayment of these loans. This collateral takes the form of first-priority liens on the assets of a portfolio company and, typically, first-priority pledges of the ownership interests in the company. We believe that unitranche lending represents a significant growth opportunity for us, offering the borrower the convenience of dealing with one lender, which may result in a higher blended rate of interest to us than we might realize in a traditional multi-tranche structure. Unitranche loans typically provide for moderate loan amortization in the initial years of the facility, with the majority of the amortization deferred until loan maturity. Unitranche loans generally allow the borrower to make a large lump sum payment of principal at the end of the loan term, and there is a risk of loss if the borrower is unable to pay the lump sum or refinance the amount owed at maturity. In many cases, we will be the sole lender, or we, together with our affiliates, will be the sole lender, of unitranche loans, which can afford us additional influence with a borrower in terms of monitoring and, if necessary, remediation in the event of under performance. 
 Senior Secured Second-Lien Loans. Second-lien senior secured loans obtain security interests in the assets of these portfolio companies as collateral in support of the repayment of such loans. This collateral typically takes the form of second-priority liens on the assets of a portfolio company, and we may enter into an inter-creditor agreement with the holders of the portfolio company s first-lien senior secured debt. These loans typically provide for no contractual loan amortization in the initial years of the facility, with all amortization deferred until loan maturity. 
 Broadly Syndicated Loans . Broadly Syndicated Loans (whose features are similar to those described under Senior Secured First-Lien Loans and Senior Secured Second-Lien Loans above), also commonly referred to as leveraged loans, are typically originated and structured by banks on behalf of large corporate borrowers with employee counts, revenues, EBITDA and enterprise values larger than the middle-market characteristics described above. The proceeds of Broadly Syndicated Loans are often used for leveraged buyout transactions, mergers and acquisitions, recapitalizations, refinancings and financing capital expenditures. Broadly Syndicated Loans are typically distributed by the arranging bank to a diverse group of investors primarily consisting of: CLOs; senior secured loan and high yield bond mutual funds; closed-end funds, hedge funds, banks, and insurance companies; and finance companies. A borrower must comply with various covenants contained in a loan agreement 
 10 

or note purchase agreement between the borrower and the holders of the Broadly Syndicated Loan (the Loan Agreement ). In a typical Broadly Syndicated Loan, an administrative agent (the Agent administers the terms of the Loan Agreement. In such cases, the Agent is normally responsible for the collection of principal and interest payments from the borrower and the apportionment of these payments to the credit of all institutions that are parties to the Loan Agreement. We will generally rely upon the Agent or an intermediate participant to receive and forward to us our portion of the principal and interest payments on the Broadly Syndicated Loan. Additionally, we normally will rely on the Agent and the other loan investors to use appropriate credit remedies against the borrower. The Agent is typically responsible for monitoring compliance with covenants contained in the Loan Agreement based upon reports prepared by the borrower. The Agent may monitor the value of the collateral and, if the value of the collateral declines, may accelerate the Broadly Syndicated Loan, may give the borrower an opportunity to provide additional collateral or may seek other protection for the benefit of the participants in the Broadly Syndicated Loan. The Agent is compensated by the borrower for providing these services under a Loan Agreement, and such compensation may include special fees paid upon structuring and funding the Broadly Syndicated Loan and other fees paid on a continuing basis. The Broadly Syndicated Loans in which we invest may include loans that are considered covenant-lite loans, because of their lack of a full set of financial maintenance covenants. 
 The above loan types (Senior Secured First-Lien Loans, Senior Secured Unitranche Loans, Senior Secured Second-Lien Loans, Broadly Syndicated Loans) are categorized as Senior Secured Loans in our consolidated schedule of investments included in "Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 
 Subordinated Mezzanine Loans. These investments are typically structured as unsecured, subordinated loans that typically provide for relatively high, fixed interest rates that provide us with significant current interest income. These loans typically will have interest-only payments (often representing a combination of cash pay and PIK interest) in the early years, with amortization of principal deferred to maturity. Mezzanine loans generally allow the borrower to make a large lump sum payment of principal at the end of the loan term, and there is a risk of loss if the borrower is unable to pay the lump sum or refinance the amount owed at maturity. Mezzanine investments are generally more volatile than secured loans and may involve a greater risk of loss of principal. Mezzanine loans often include a PIK feature (meaning a feature allowing for the payment of interest in the form of additional principal amount of the loan instead of in cash), which effectively operates as negative amortization of loan principal, thereby increasing credit risk exposure over the life of the loan. 
 The above loans are categorized as Subordinated Loans in our consolidated schedule of investments included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Equity Securities. Equity securities typically consist of either a direct minority equity investment in common or membership/partnership interests or preferred stock of a portfolio company, and are typically not control-oriented investments. Our preferred equity investments typically contain a fixed dividend yield based on the par value of the equity security. Preferred equity dividends may be paid in cash at a stipulated date, usually quarterly (if applicable), and may be participating and/or cumulative. We may structure such equity investments to include provisions protecting our rights as a minority-interest holder, as well as a put, or right to sell such securities back to the issuer, upon the occurrence of specified events. In many cases, we may also seek to obtain registration rights in connection with these equity interests, which may include demand and piggyback registration rights, which grants us the right to register our equity interest when either the portfolio company or another investor in the portfolio company files a registration statement with the SEC to issue securities. Our equity investments typically are made in connection with debt investments to the same portfolio companies. In our consolidated schedule of investments included in Part II, these securities are categorized as preferred equity, common equity or equity participation rights, which are contractual agreements entitling us to certain payments generally attributable to equity ownership and lack features enabling us to direct the operations of the entity (i.e., voting rights). See Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Warrants. In some cases, we may receive nominally priced warrants to buy a minority equity interest in the portfolio company in connection with a loan. As a result, as a portfolio company appreciates in value, we may achieve additional investment return from this equity interest. We may structure such warrants to include provisions protecting our rights as a minority-interest holder, as well as a put to sell such securities back to the issuer, upon the occurrence of specified events. In many cases, we may also seek to obtain registration rights in connection with these equity interests, which may include demand and piggyback registration rights. These securities are categorized as Warrants in our consolidated schedule of investments included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Structured Finance Securities. Structured Finance Securities include the mezzanine and subordinated note securities of a CLO, as well as loan accumulation facilities (colloquially referred to as CLO warehouses ). Subordinated notes (colloquially referred to as CLO equity securities and mezzanine debt, represent beneficial interests in portfolios consisting primarily of below-investment-grade senior secured loans with a large number of distinct underlying U.S. borrowers across various industry sectors. The subordinated note tranches of CLOs are unrated, represent the first loss position in a CLO structure, and are typically leveraged 9 to 13 times which translates to approximately 11 to 8 of a CLO s capital structure, respectively. The leverage can magnify our gains and losses on such investments. CLO subordinated note securities are entitled 
 11 

to recurring distributions which are generally equal to the residual cash flow of payments received from underlying securities after contractual payments to more senior CLO mezzanine debt holders and fund expenses. Economically, a CLO subordinated note security is equity-like in that it represents the residual interest in the CLO assets that bears the ultimate risk of loss and receives the benefits of success, but lacks features enabling its holders to direct the operations of the entity typically associated with equity instruments. Mezzanine debt represents the tranches immediately senior to the subordinated note, is usually rated BB to B, and represents approximately 4 to 7 of a CLO s capital structure. Mezzanine debt tranches represent the second loss position, and can effectively become the residual interest if assets are insufficient to retire the mezzanine tranche at par. 
 CLO warehouses are short- to medium-term finance vehicles intended to aggregate loans for inclusion in a future CLO portfolio. Loan accumulation facilities are typically financed through income notes, representing the first-loss and residual interests in the vehicle, and senior debt. The senior debt of a loan accumulation facility typically leverages the income notes between three and six times prior to a CLO s pricing and launch. Income notes of loan accumulation facilities have economic risks similar to those applicable to CLO subordinated notes insomuch as they pay returns equal to the income earned on the underlying portfolio less costs and fees incurred on senior financing, manager and other expenses, and bear losses on a first-dollar basis, but lack many of the contractual protections associated with a CLO indenture. Investing in a CLO warehouse does not create an obligation to participate in the CLO contemplated by the warehouse; however, we have generally participated in the CLOs resulting from our CLO warehouse investments. Participation in a CLO warehouse investment may afford us the opportunity to enhance our returns through fee sharing agreements with the CLO collateral managers. 
 General Structuring Considerations. We tailor the terms of each investment to the facts and circumstances of the transaction and the prospective portfolio company, negotiating a structure that protects our rights and manages our risk while creating incentives for the portfolio company to achieve its business plan and improve its operating results. We seek to limit the downside potential of our investments by: 
 selecting investments that we believe have a very low probability of loss; 
 requiring a total return on our investments (including both interest and potential equity appreciation) that we believe will compensate us appropriately for credit risk; and 
 negotiating covenants in connection with our investments that afford our portfolio companies as much flexibility in managing their businesses as possible, consistent with the preservation of our capital. Such restrictions may include affirmative and negative covenants, default penalties, lien protection, change of control provisions and board rights, including either observation or rights to a seat on the board of directors under some circumstances. 
 We expect to hold most of our direct lending debt investments to maturity or repayment, but we may sell some of our investments earlier for various reasons, including, but not limited to, relative value decisions compared to other investment opportunities, liquidity needs and credit risk. In attractive interest rate environments, portfolio companies may also opportunistically refinance our loans prior to maturity. 
 MANAGEMENT AND OTHER AGREEMENTS 
 Investment Advisory Agreement 
 OFS Advisor is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act and a wholly owned subsidiary of OFSAM. Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement with and subject to the overall supervision of our Board and in accordance with the 1940 Act, OFS Advisor provides investment advisory services to us. Under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, OFS Advisor: 
 determines the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes; 
 assists us in determining what securities we purchase, retain or sell; 
 identifies, evaluates and negotiates the structure of the investments we make (including performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies); and 
 executes, closes, services and monitors the investments we make. 
 Management and Incentive Fee 
 OFS Advisor receives a fee from us consisting of two components a base management fee and an incentive fee. The base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.75 based on the average value of our total assets (other than cash and cash equivalents but including assets purchased with borrowed amounts and including assets owned by any consolidated entity), adjusted for stock issuances and stock purchases, at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters. The base management fee is payable quarterly in arrears. Base management fees for any partial quarter are prorated based on the number of days in the quarter. 
 12 

Effective from January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2022, OFS Advisor agreed to reduce the base management fee attributable to all of the OFSCC-FS Assets (excluding cash). The agreement reduced the base management fee to 0.25 per quarter (1.00 annualized) of the average value of the OFSCC-FS Assets (excluding cash), at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters. OFS Advisor s base management fee reduction is renewable on an annual basis and OFS Advisor is not entitled to recoup the amount of the base management fee reduced with respect to the OFSCC-FS Assets. This agreement was renewed for the 2023 calendar year on January 11, 2023. 
 The incentive fee has two parts. The first part of the incentive fee (the "Income Incentive Fee") is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on our pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter. Pre-incentive fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees such as commitment, origination and sourcing, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies but excluding fees for providing managerial assistance) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, any expenses payable under the Administration Agreement and any interest expense and dividends paid on any outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee). Pre-incentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest or dividend feature (such as original issue discount, or "OID", debt instruments with PIK interest, equity investments with accruing or PIK dividend, and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not include any realized gains, realized losses, unrealized capital appreciation or unrealized capital depreciation. Because of the structure of the incentive fee, it is possible that we may pay an incentive fee in a quarter where we incur a loss. For example, if we receive pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of the hurdle rate (as defined below) for a quarter, we will pay the applicable incentive fee even if we have incurred a loss in that quarter due to realized capital losses or unrealized investment depreciation. 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets (defined as total assets less indebtedness and before taking into account any incentive fees payable during the period) at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, is compared to a fixed hurdle rate of 2.0 per quarter. If market interest rates rise, we may be able to invest our funds in debt instruments that provide for a higher return, which would increase our pre-incentive fee net investment income and make it easier for OFS Advisor to surpass the fixed hurdle rate and receive an incentive fee based on such net investment income. There is no accumulation of amounts on the hurdle rate from quarter to quarter and, accordingly, there is no clawback of amounts previously paid if subsequent quarters are below the quarterly hurdle rate, and there is no delay of payment if prior quarters are below the quarterly hurdle rate. Pre-incentive fee net investment income fees are prorated for any partial quarter based on the number of days in such quarter. 
 We pay OFS Advisor an incentive fee with respect to our pre-incentive fee net investment income in each calendar quarter as follows: 
 no incentive fee in any calendar quarter in which the pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle rate; 
 100 of our pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 2.5 in any calendar quarter. We refer to this portion of our pre-incentive fee net investment income (which exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 2.5 as the catch-up provision. The catch-up is meant to provide OFS Advisor with 20.0 of the pre-incentive fee net investment income as if a hurdle rate did not apply if this pre-incentive fee net investment income exceeds 2.5 in any calendar quarter; and 
 20.0 of the amount of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 2.5 in any calendar quarter. 
 The following is a graphical representation of the calculation of the income-related portion of the incentive fee: 
 
 Quarterly Incentive Fee Based on Net Investment Income 
 
 13 

The second part of the incentive fee (the Capital Gains Fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date) and is calculated at the end of each applicable year by subtracting (a) the sum of our cumulative aggregate realized capital losses and our aggregate unrealized capital depreciation from (b) our cumulative aggregate realized capital gains. If such amount is positive at the end of such year, then the Capital Gains Fee for such year is equal to 20.0 of such amount, less the aggregate amount of Capital Gains Fees paid in all prior years. If such amount is negative, then there is no Capital Gains Fee for such year. The Company accrues the Capital Gains Fee if, on a cumulative basis, the sum of net realized capital gains and (losses) plus net unrealized appreciation and (depreciation) is positive. 
 The cumulative aggregate realized capital gains are calculated as the sum of the differences, if positive, between (a) the net sales price of each investment in our portfolio when sold and (b) the accreted or amortized cost basis of such investment. 
 The cumulative aggregate realized capital losses are calculated as the sum of the amounts by which (a) the net sales price of each investment in our portfolio when sold is less than (b) the accreted or amortized cost basis of such investment. 
 The aggregate unrealized capital depreciation is calculated as the sum of the differences, if negative, between (a) the valuation of each investment in our portfolio as of the applicable Capital Gains Fee calculation date and (b) the accreted or amortized cost basis of such investments. Unrealized capital appreciation is accrued, but not paid until said appreciation is realized. We accrue the Capital Gains Fee if, on a cumulative basis, the sum of the net realized capital gains (and losses) plus net unrealized appreciation (and depreciation) is positive. OFS Advisor has excluded from the Capital Gains Fee calculation the realized gain with respect to the step acquisitions resulting from the SBIC Acquisition. The Capital Gains Fee for any partial year is prorated based on the number of days in such year. 
 Expenses recognized under the Investment Advisory Agreement with OFS Advisor for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, are presented below: Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Base management fees 7,979 7,669 7,605 Incentive fees: Income Incentive Fee 2,276 2,352 2,025 Income Incentive Fee waiver (441) Capital Gains Fee (1) 
 (1,916) 1,916 
 (1) In accordance with GAAP, we are required to include aggregate unrealized appreciation on investments in the calculation and accrue a capital gain incentive fee on a quarterly basis as if such unrealized capital appreciation were realized, even though such unrealized capital appreciation is not permitted to be considered in calculating the fee actually payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement. As of December 31, 2021, the cumulative capital gain incentive fee accrued by the Company was 1.9 million, none of which was payable as a capital gain incentive fee pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we reversed the previously accrued 1.9 million capital gains fees due to a reduction in net unrealized appreciation on the investment portfolio. Any payment due under the terms of the current Investment Advisory Agreement is based on the calculation at the end of each calendar year or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement. 
 Examples of Incentive Fee Calculation 
 Example 1 Income Related Portion of Incentive Fee: 
 Assumptions 
 Hurdle rate(1) = 2.0 
 Management fee(2) = 0.44 
 Other estimated expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.)(3) = 0.20 
 (1) Represents a quarter of the 8.0 annualized hurdle rate. 
 (2) Represents a quarter of the 1.75 annualized management fee, which became effective October 31, 2013. 
 (3) Excludes offering costs associated with the issuance of equity securities. 
 14 

Alternative 1 
 Additional Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 1.25 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income (investment income (management fee + other expenses)) = 0.61 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle rate, therefore there is no incentive fee. 
 Alternative 2 
 Additional Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 2.80 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income (investment income (management fee + other expenses)) = 2.16 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income exceeds hurdle rate, therefore there is an incentive fee. Incentive Fee = 100 Catch-Up + the greater of 0 AND (20 (pre-incentive fee net investment income 2.5 )) 
 = (100 (2.16 2.0 )) + 0 = 100 0.16 = 0.16 
 Alternative 3 
 Additional Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 3.50 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income (investment income (management fee + other expenses)) = 2.86 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income exceeds hurdle rate, therefore there is an incentive fee. Incentive Fee = 100 Catch-Up + the greater of 0 AND (20 (pre-incentive fee net investment income 2.5 )) 
 = (100 (2.5 2.0 )) + (20 (2.86 2.5 )) = 0.5 + (20 0.36 = 0.5 + 0.07 = 0.57 
 15 

Example 2 Capital Gains Portion of Incentive Fee: 
 Alternative 1 
 Assumptions 
 Year 1: 20 million investment made in Company A Investment A ), and 30 million investment made in Company B Investment B 
 Year 2: Investment A is sold for 50 million and fair market value FMV of Investment B determined to be 32 million 
 Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be 25 million 
 Year 4: Investment B sold for 31 million 
 The capital gains portion of the incentive fee, if any, would be: 
 Year 1: None (no sales transactions) 
 Year 2: 6 million (20 multiplied by 30 million realized capital gains on sale of Investment A) 
 Year 3: None; 5 million (20 multiplied by 30 million cumulative realized capital gains less 5 million cumulative unrealized capital depreciation) less 6 million (Capital Gains Fee paid in Year 2) 
 Year 4: 200,000; 6.2 million (20 multiplied by 31 million cumulative realized capital gains) less 6 million (Capital Gains Fee paid in Year 2) 
 Alternative 2 
 Assumptions 
 Year 1: 20 million investment made in Company A Investment A ), 30 million investment made in Company B Investment B and 25 million investment made in Company C Investment C 
 Year 2: Investment A sold for 50 million, FMV of Investment B determined to be 25 million and FMV of Investment C determined to be 25 million 
 Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be 27 million and Investment C sold for 30 million 
 Year 4: FMV of Investment B determined to be 35 million 
 Year 5: Investment B sold for 20 million 
 The capital gains portion of the incentive fee, if any, would be: 
 Year 1: None (no sales transactions) 
 Year 2: 5 million (20 multiplied by 30 million realized capital gains on Investment A less 5 million unrealized capital depreciation on Investment B) 
 Year 3: 1.4 million; 6.4 million (20 multiplied by 32 million 35 million cumulative realized capital gains on Investment A and Investment C less 3 million cumulative unrealized capital depreciation on Investment B)) less 5 million (Capital Gains Fee paid in Year 2) 
 Year 4: 0.6 million; 7 million (20 multiplied by 35 million (cumulative realized capital gains on Investment A and Investment C)) less 6.4 million (cumulative Capital Gains Fee paid in all prior years) 
 Year 5: None; 5 million (20 multiplied by 25 million 35 million cumulative realized capital gains on Investments A and C less 10 million realized capital losses on Investment B)) less 7 million (cumulative Capital Gains Fee paid in all prior years)) 
 Payment of Our Expenses 
 All investment professionals of OFS Advisor and/or its affiliates, when and to the extent engaged in providing us with investment advisory and management services, and the compensation and routine overhead expenses of personnel allocable to these services, are provided and paid for by OFS Advisor and not by us. We bear all other out-of-pocket costs and expenses of our operations and transactions. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations. 
 16 

Duration and Termination 
 Unless terminated earlier as described below, the Investment Advisory Agreement will remain in effect from year to year if approved annually by our Board or by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, and, in either case, if also approved by a majority of our directors who are not interested persons as defined in the 1940 Act. The Investment Advisory Agreement automatically terminates in the event of its assignment, as defined in the 1940 Act, by OFS Advisor and may be terminated by either party without penalty upon not less than 60 days written notice to the other. The holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities may also terminate the Investment Advisory Agreement without penalty upon not less than 60 days written notice. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and Structure We are dependent upon the OFSC senior professionals for our future success and upon their access to the investment professionals and partners of OFSC and its affiliates. 
 Administration Agreement 
 Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, OFS Services, an affiliate of OFS Advisor, provides the administrative services necessary for us to operate. OFS Services furnishes us with office facilities and equipment, necessary software licenses and subscriptions and clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services at such facilities. Under the Administration Agreement, OFS Services performs, or oversees the performance of, our required administrative services, which includes maintenance of financial records necessary for the production of reports to our stockholders and all other reports and materials required to be filed with the SEC or any other regulatory authority. In addition, OFS Services assists us in determining and publishing our NAV, oversees the preparation and filing of our tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to our stockholders, general supervision of the payment of our expenses, and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others. Under the Administration Agreement, OFS Services provides managerial assistance on our behalf to certain portfolio companies that accept our offer to provide such assistance. Payments under the Administration Agreement are equal to an amount based upon our allocable portion (subject to the review and approval of our Board) of OFS Services overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent, information technology, and our allocable portion of the cost of our officers, including our chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief compliance officer, chief accounting officer and their respective staffs. The Administration Agreement may be renewed annually with the approval of our Board, including a majority of our directors who are not interested persons. The Administration Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other party. To the extent that OFS Services outsources any of its functions, we pay the fees associated with such functions at cost without incremental profit to OFS Services. 
 Expenses recognized under the Administration Agreement with OFS Services for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, are presented below: Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Administration fees 1,742 1,758 1,855 
 Indemnification 
 The Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement both provide that OFS Advisor, OFS Services and their affiliates respective officers, directors, members, managers, stockholders and employees are entitled to indemnification from us from and against any claims or liabilities, including reasonable legal fees and other expenses reasonably incurred, arising out of or in connection with our business and operations or any action taken or omitted on our behalf pursuant to authority granted by the Investment Advisory Agreement or the Administration Agreement, except where attributable to willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of such person s duties or reckless disregard of such person s obligations and duties under the Investment Advisory Agreement or the Administration Agreement. 
 Board Approval of the Investment Advisory and Administrative Agreements 
 Our Board, including our independent directors, approved the continuation of the Investment Advisory Agreement at a meeting held on April 5, 2022. In reaching a decision to approve the continuation of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Board reviewed a significant amount of information and considered, among other things: 
 the nature, quality and extent of the advisory and other services to be provided to us by OFS Advisor; 
 the fee structures of comparable externally managed BDCs that engage in similar investing activities; 
 our projected operating expenses and expense ratio compared to BDCs with similar investment objectives; 
 any existing and potential sources of indirect income to OFS Advisor from its relationship with us and the profitability of that relationship, including through the Investment Advisory Agreement; 
 17 

information about the services to be performed and the personnel performing such services under the Investment Advisory Agreement; and 
 the organizational capability and financial condition of OFS Advisor and its affiliates. 
 Based on the information reviewed and the discussion thereof, the Board, including a majority of the non-interested directors, concluded that the investment advisory fee rates are reasonable in relation to the services to be provided and approved the Investment Advisory Agreement as being in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 Our Board also reviewed services provided under the Administrative Agreement, and approved its continuation at the April 5, 2022 meeting. 
 License Agreement 
 We have entered into a license agreement with OFSAM under which OFSAM has agreed to grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name OFS . Under this agreement, we have a right to use the OFS name for so long as OFS Advisor or one of its affiliates remains our investment adviser. Other than with respect to this limited license, we have no legal right to the OFS name. This license agreement will remain in effect for so long as the Investment Advisory Agreement with OFS Advisor is in effect. 
 REGULATION 
 General 
 We have elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions between BDCs and their affiliates (including any investment advisers or sub-advisers), principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters and requires that a majority of the directors be persons other than interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. 
 In addition, the 1940 Act provides that we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or to withdraw our election as, a BDC unless approved by a majority of our outstanding voting securities as defined in the 1940 Act. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company is defined under the 1940 Act as the lesser of: (a) 67 or more of such company s voting securities present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company are present or represented by proxy, or (b) more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company. We do not anticipate any substantial change in the nature of our business. 
 We generally cannot issue and sell our common stock at a price below net asset value per share. We may, however, issue and sell our common stock, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the then-current NAV of our common stock if (1) our Board determines that such sale is in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders, and (2) our stockholders have approved our policy and practice of making such sales within the preceding 12 months. In any such case, the price at which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price which, in the determination of our Board, closely approximates the market value of such securities. On July 13, 2022, our stockholders approved a proposal to authorize us, with approval of our Board, to sell or otherwise issue shares of our common stock (during a twelve-month period) at a price below our then-current NAV per share in one or more offerings, subject to certain limitations (including that the cumulative number of shares sold pursuant to such authority does not exceed 25 of our then outstanding common stock immediately prior to each such sale). 
 The 1940 Act generally prohibits BDCs from making certain negotiated co-investments with certain affiliates absent an order from the SEC permitting the BDC to do so. On August 4, 2020, we received the Order, which superseded a previous order that we received on October 12, 2016, and provides us with greater flexibility to enter into co-investment transactions with Affiliated Funds in a manner consistent with our investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors, subject to compliance with certain conditions. We are generally permitted to co-invest with Affiliated Funds if, under the terms of the Order, a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our independent directors make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to us and our stockholders and do not involve overreaching by us or our stockholders on the part of any person concerned and (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of our stockholders and is consistent with our investment objective and strategies. 
 In addition, we may file an application for an amendment to our existing Order to permit us to participate in follow-on investments in our existing portfolio companies with private funds that do not hold any investments in such existing portfolio companies. However, if filed, there is no guarantee that such application will be granted. 
 We may invest up to 100 of our assets in securities acquired directly from issuers in privately negotiated transactions. With respect to such securities, we may, for the purpose of public resale, be deemed an underwriter as that term is defined in the Securities Act. Our intention is to not write (sell) or buy put or call options to manage risks associated with the 
 18 

publicly traded securities of our portfolio companies, except that we may enter into hedging transactions to manage the risks associated with interest rate fluctuations. However, we may purchase or otherwise receive warrants to purchase the common stock of our portfolio companies in connection with acquisition financing or other investments. Similarly, in connection with an acquisition, we may acquire rights to require the issuers of acquired securities or their affiliates to repurchase them under certain circumstances. We also do not intend to acquire securities issued by any investment company that exceed the limits imposed by the 1940 Act. Prior to January 19, 2021, except for registered money market funds, we generally were prohibited from acquiring more than 3 of the voting stock of any registered investment company, investing more than 5 of the value of our total assets in the securities of one investment company, or investing more than 10 of the value of our total assets in the securities of more than one investment company without obtaining exemptive relief from the SEC. However, the SEC adopted new rules, which became effective on January 19, 2021, that allow us to acquire the securities of other investment companies in excess of the 3 , 5 , and 10 limitations without obtaining exemptive relief if we comply with certain conditions. With regard to that portion of our portfolio invested in securities issued by investment companies, it should be noted that such investments might subject our stockholders to additional expenses as they will be indirectly responsible for the costs and expenses of such companies. None of our investment policies are fundamental and may be changed without stockholder approval. 
 Qualifying Assets 
 Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than those listed in section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time of acquisition, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the company s total assets, as defined by the 1940 Act. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business include: 
 (a) Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer that: 
 is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 
 is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly-owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and 
 satisfies any of the following: 
 does not have any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or has any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange subject to a 250 million market capitalization maximum; or 
 is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC, the BDC actually exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of the eligible portfolio company, and, as a result, the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company; or 
 is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than 4 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2 million. 
 (b) Securities of any eligible portfolio company which we control; 
 (c) Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident to such a private transaction, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities, was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements; 
 (d) Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already own 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company; 
 (e) Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities; and 
 (f) Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities that mature in one year or less from the date of investment. 
 Control, as defined by the 1940 Act, is presumed to exist where a BDC beneficially owns more than 25 of the outstanding voting securities of the portfolio company. 
 The regulations defining qualifying assets may change over time. We may adjust our investment focus as needed to comply with and/or take advantage of any regulatory, legislative, administrative or judicial actions in this area. 
 19 

Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies 
 A BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described in (a), (b) or (c) above. However, in order to count portfolio securities as qualifying assets for the purpose of the 70 test, the BDC must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities (other than small and solvent companies described above) significant managerial assistance. Where the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, the BDC will satisfy this test if one of the other persons in the group makes available such managerial assistance, although this may not be the sole method by which the BDC satisfies the requirement to make available managerial assistance. Making available managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its directors, officers or employees, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. With respect to an SBIC, providing a loan to a portfolio company satisfies the requirement to make managerial assistance available. 
 Temporary Investments 
 In addition to investing in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, our investments may include cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, repurchase agreements and high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or less from the date of investment, which we refer to, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70 of our assets, as defined by the 1940 Act, are qualifying assets or temporary investments. We may invest in highly rated commercial paper, U.S. Government agency notes, and U.S. Treasury bills or repurchase agreements relating to such securities that are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price that is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. Consequently, repurchase agreements are functionally similar to loans. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, the 1940 Act and certain diversification tests in order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes typically require us to limit the amount we invest with any one counterparty. Accordingly, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. OFS Advisor monitors the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. 
 Warrants and Options 
 Under the 1940 Act, a BDC is subject to restrictions on the amount of warrants, options, restricted stock or rights to purchase shares of capital stock that it may have outstanding at any time. Under the 1940 Act, we may generally only offer warrants provided that (i) the warrants expire by their terms within ten years, (ii) the exercise or conversion price is not less than the current market value at the date of issuance, (iii) our stockholders authorize the proposal to issue such warrants, and our Board approves such issuance on the basis that the issuance is in the best interests of OFS Capital and its stockholders and (iv) if the warrants are accompanied by other securities, the warrants are not separately transferable unless no class of such warrants and the securities accompanying them has been publicly distributed. The 1940 Act also provides that the amount of our voting securities that would result from the exercise of all outstanding warrants, as well as options and rights, at the time of issuance may not exceed 25 of our outstanding voting securities. In particular, the amount of capital stock that would result from the conversion or exercise of all outstanding warrants, options or rights to purchase capital stock cannot exceed 25 of the BDC s total outstanding shares of capital stock. 
 Senior Securities 
 A BDC generally is not permitted to incur indebtedness unless immediately after such borrowing it has an asset coverage ratio for total borrowings of at least 200 (i.e., the amount of debt may not exceed 50 of the value of our assets). However, Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act provides that a BDC may reduce its asset coverage ratio, provided that certain conditions are met. Specifically, Section 61(a)(2) provides that in order for a BDC whose common stock is traded on a national securities exchange to be subject to 150 asset coverage, the BDC must either obtain: (i) approval of the required majority of its non-interested directors who have no financial interest in the proposal, which would become effective one year after the date of such approval, or (ii) obtain stockholder approval (of more than 50 of the votes cast for the proposal at a meeting in which quorum is present), which would become effective on the first day after the date of such stockholder approval. 
 On May 3, 2018, the Board, including a required majority (as such term is defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of the Board, approved the application of Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act and, as a result, effective May 3, 2019, the asset coverage ratio test applicable to us was decreased from 200 to 150 . See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and Structure Because we received the approval of our Board, we became subject to 150 Asset Coverage effective May 3, 2019. Additionally, effective November 26, 2013, we received exemptive relief from the SEC to exclude our SBA guaranteed debentures from the definition of senior securities in the statutory asset coverage ratio under the 1940 Act. 
 20 

We may borrow money when the terms and conditions available are favorable to do so and are aligned with our investment strategy and portfolio composition. The use of borrowed funds or the proceeds of preferred stock to make investments would have its own specific benefits and risks, and all of the costs of borrowing funds or issuing preferred stock would be borne by holders of our common stock. 
 For a discussion of the risks associated with leverage, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to BDCs Regulations governing our operation as a BDC affect our ability to and the way in which we raise additional capital. As a BDC, we will need to raise additional capital, which will expose us to risks, including the typical risks associated with leverage. 
 Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the Nasdaq Global Select Market Corporate Governance Regulations 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on publicly held companies and their insiders, many of which affect us. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act has required us to review our policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. We will continue to monitor, and take actions necessary to ensure, our compliance with all future regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 In addition, the Nasdaq Global Select Market has adopted various corporate governance requirements as part of its listing standards. We believe we are in compliance with such corporate governance listing standards. We will continue to monitor, and take actions necessary to ensure, our compliance with all future listing standards. 
 Exemptive Relief 
 We are generally prohibited under the 1940 Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our Board who are not interested persons and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC. The SEC has interpreted the BDC prohibition on transactions with affiliates to prohibit all joint transactions between entities that share a common investment adviser. Further, the 1940 Act generally prohibits BDCs from making certain negotiated co-investments with certain affiliates absent an order from the SEC permitting the BDC to do so. 
 On August 4, 2020, we received the Order, which superseded a previous order that we received on October 12, 2016, and provides us with greater flexibility to enter into co-investment transactions with certain Affiliated Funds in a manner consistent with our investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors, subject to compliance with certain conditions. We are generally permitted to co-invest with Affiliated Funds if under the terms of the Order, a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our independent directors make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to us and our stockholders and do not involve overreaching in respect of us or our stockholders on the part of any person concerned and (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of our stockholders and is consistent with our investment objective and strategies. 
 In addition, we may file an application for an amendment to our existing Order to permit us to participate in follow-on investments in our existing portfolio companies with certain private funds that do not hold any investments even if such other funds had not previously invested in such existing portfolio companies. However, if filed, there is no guarantee that such application will be granted. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and Structure Our ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates is restricted, which may limit the scope of investments available to us. 
 The staff of the SEC has granted no-action relief permitting purchases of a single class of privately placed securities provided that the adviser negotiates no term other than price and certain other conditions are met. As a result, unless under the Order, we only expect to co-invest on a concurrent basis with certain funds advised by OFS Advisor when each of us will own the same securities of the issuer and when no term is negotiated other than price. Any such investment would be made, subject to compliance with existing regulatory guidance, applicable regulations and OFS Advisor s allocation policy. If opportunities arise that would otherwise be appropriate for us and for another fund advised by OFS Advisor to invest in different securities of the same issuer, OFS Advisor will need to decide which fund will proceed with the investment. The decision by OFS Advisor to allocate an opportunity to another entity could cause us to forego an investment opportunity that we otherwise would have made. Moreover, except in certain circumstances, we will be unable to invest in any issuer in which another fund advised by OFS Advisor has previously invested. 
 Small Business Investment Company Regulations 
 Our wholly owned subsidiary, SBIC I LP, is an SBIC and must comply with SBA regulations. 
 SBICs are designed to stimulate the flow of private equity capital to eligible small businesses. Under SBA regulations, SBICs may make loans to eligible small businesses and invest in the equity securities of small businesses. The SBIC license enabled SBIC I LP to receive SBA-guaranteed debenture funding, subject to the issuance of a leverage commitment by the SBA 
 21 

and other customary procedures. SBA-guaranteed debentures are non-recourse, interest only debentures with interest payable semi-annually and have a ten year maturity. The principal amount of SBA-guaranteed debentures is not required to be paid prior to maturity but may be prepaid without penalty twice each year on certain dates. The interest rate of SBA-guaranteed debentures is fixed at the time of issuance at a market-driven spread over U.S. Treasury Notes with 10-year maturities. 
 The investments of an SBIC are limited to loans to, and equity securities of, eligible small businesses. Under present SBA regulations, eligible small businesses generally include businesses that (together with their affiliates) have a tangible net worth (total assets less goodwill less total liabilities) not exceeding 19.5 million and have average annual net income after U.S. federal income taxes not exceeding 6.5 million (average net income to be computed without benefit of any carryover loss) for the two most recent fiscal years. In addition, an SBIC must devote 25 of its investment activity to smaller concerns, as defined by the SBA. A smaller concern generally includes businesses that have a tangible net worth not exceeding 6.0 million and have average annual net income after U.S. federal income taxes not exceeding 2.0 million (average net income to be computed without benefit of any net carryover loss) for the two most recent fiscal years. SBA regulations also provide alternative criteria to determine eligibility, which may include, among other things, the industry in which the business is engaged, the number of employees of the business, its gross sales, and the extent to which the SBIC is proposing to participate in a change of ownership of the business. According to SBA regulations, SBICs may make long-term loans to small businesses, invest in the equity securities of such businesses and provide them with consulting and advisory services. 
 The SBA prohibits an SBIC from providing funds to small businesses for certain purposes, such as relending, real estate or investing in companies outside of the United States, and from providing funds to businesses engaged in a few prohibited industries and to certain passive (i.e., non-operating) companies. In addition, without prior SBA approval, an SBIC may not invest an amount equal to more than approximately 30 of the SBIC s regulatory capital in any one company and its affiliates. 
 SBICs must invest idle funds that are not being used to make investments permitted under SBA regulations in the following limited types of securities: (i) direct obligations of, or obligations guaranteed as to principal and interest by, the U.S. government, which mature within 15 months from the date of the investment; (ii) repurchase agreements with federally insured institutions with a maturity of seven days or less (and the securities underlying the repurchase obligations must be direct obligations of or guaranteed by the federal government); (iii) certificates of deposit with a maturity of one year or less, issued by a federally insured institution; (iv) a deposit account in a federally insured institution that is subject to a withdrawal restriction of one year or less; (v) a checking account in a federally insured institution; or (vi) a reasonable petty cash fund. 
 SBA regulations include restrictions on a change of control or other transfers of limited partnership interests in an SBIC. 
 SBIC I LP is subject to regulation and oversight by the SBA, including requirements with respect to maintaining certain minimum financial ratios and other covenants. 
 The SBA, as a creditor, will have a superior claim to the SBIC I LP s assets over our stockholders in the event that SBIC I LP is liquidated or the SBA exercises its remedies under the SBA debentures issued by SBIC I LP in the event of a default. 
 In addition, SBIC I LP may also be limited in its ability to make distributions to us if it does not have sufficient accumulated net profit, in accordance with SBA regulations. Income distributions from SBIC I LP are limited to a statutory measurement of retained earnings available for distribution READ which generally is measured by adjusting undistributed net realized earnings for unrealized depreciation on investments, calculated in accordance with SBA regulations. Additionally, return of capital distributions from SBIC I LP require the pre-approval of the SBA. During the year ended December 31, 2022, SBIC I LP distributed READ and return of capital distributions to us of 9.5 million and 9.5 million, respectively. 
 As part of our plans to focus on providing first lien senior secured loans to larger borrowers, which we believe will improve our overall risk profile, SBIC I LP is repaying over time its outstanding SBA debentures prior to their scheduled maturity dates. As such, we are not making investments through SBIC I LP, other than follow-on investments. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not make any new investments through SBIC I LP and made a 2.4 million follow-on investment in a portfolio company. 
 Other 
 We are subject to periodic examination by the SEC for compliance with the Exchange Act and the 1940 Act. 
 We are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect us against larceny and embezzlement. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to OFS Capital or our stockholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 
 22 

We and OFS Advisor each have adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of relevant federal securities laws, will review these policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation, and have designated a chief compliance officer to be responsible for administering the policies and procedures. 
 Our internet address is www.ofscapital.com . We make available free of charge on our website our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. 
 Codes of Ethics 
 We and OFS Advisor have each adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to either code may invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements. Our code of ethics is available, free of charge, on our website at www.ofscapital.com . The code of ethics is available on the EDGAR Database on the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. You may also obtain copies of the code of ethics, after paying a duplicating fee, by electronic request at the following e-mail address: publicinfo@sec.gov. 
 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
 We have delegated our proxy voting responsibility to OFS Advisor. The proxy voting policies and procedures of OFS Advisor are set out below. The guidelines are reviewed periodically by OFS Advisor and our directors who are not interested persons, and, accordingly, are subject to change. For purposes of these proxy voting policies and procedures described below, we, our and us refer to OFS Advisor. 
 Introduction. As an investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act, we have a fiduciary duty to act solely in the best interests of our clients. As part of this duty, we recognize that we must vote client securities in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest and in the best interests of our clients. 
 These policies and procedures for voting proxies for our investment advisory clients are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4)-6 under, the Advisers Act. 
 Proxy Policies. We vote proxies relating to our portfolio securities in what we perceive to be the best interest of our clients. We review on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted to a stockholder vote to determine its effect on the portfolio securities held by our clients. In most cases we will vote in favor of proposals that we believe are likely to increase the economic value of the underlying portfolio securities held by our clients. Although we will generally vote against proposals that may have a negative effect on our clients portfolio securities, we may vote for such a proposal if there exist compelling long-term reasons to do so. 
 Our proxy voting decisions are made by those senior officers who are responsible for monitoring each of our clients investments. To ensure that our vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, we require that: (1) anyone involved in the decision-making process disclose to our chief compliance officer any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote; and (2) employees involved in the decision-making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how we intend to vote on a proposal in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. Where conflicts of interest may be present, we will disclose such conflicts to our client, including with respect to OFS Capital, those directors who are not interested persons and we may request guidance from such persons on how to vote such proxies for their account. 
 Proxy Voting Records. You may obtain information about how we voted proxies for the Company free of charge, by making a written request for proxy voting information to: OFS Capital Corporation, 10 S. Wacker Drive, Suite 2500, Chicago, Illinois 60606, Attention: Investor Relations, or by calling OFS Capital Corporation at (847) 734-2000. The SEC also maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov that contains such information. 
 Privacy Principles 
 We are committed to maintaining the privacy of our stockholders and to safeguarding their nonpublic personal information. The following information is provided to help you understand what personal information we collect, how we protect that information and why, in certain cases, we may share information with select other parties. 
 Generally, we do not receive any nonpublic personal information relating to our stockholders, although certain nonpublic personal information of our stockholders may become available to us. We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about our stockholders or former stockholders to anyone, except as permitted by law or as is necessary in order to service stockholder accounts (for example, to a transfer agent or third-party administrator). 
 23 

We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about our stockholders to employees of OFS Advisor and its affiliates with a legitimate business need for the information. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect the nonpublic personal information of our stockholders. 
 Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 
 Election to be Taxed as a RIC. We have elected to be taxed as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we are not required to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any income that we distribute to our stockholders from our otherwise taxable earnings and profits. To maintain our qualification as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements, as described below. In addition, to receive RIC tax treatment, we must meet the Annual Distribution Requirement. The excess of net long-term capital gains over net short-term capital losses, if any ("Net Capital Gains"), are not a component of the Annual Distribution Requirement, but impacts taxable income if not distributed as discussed below. 
 Taxation as a RIC. If we: 
 maintain our qualification as a RIC; and 
 satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement; 
 then we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our ICTI or Net Capital Gains we distribute to stockholders. We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular corporate rates on any ICTI or Net Capital Gain not distributed (or deemed distributed) to our stockholders. 
 We are also subject to a 4 nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax on certain undistributed income unless we distribute in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98 of our net ordinary income for each calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital gain net income (both long-term and short-term) for the one-year period ending October 31 in that calendar year (or, if we so elect, for that calendar year) and (3) any income and gains recognized, but not distributed, in preceding years and on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax (the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement ). We may choose to retain a portion of our ordinary income and/or capital gain net income in any year and pay the 4 U.S. federal excise tax on the retained amounts. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we accrued U.S. federal excise taxes of 0.1 million, 0 and 0, respectively. 
 In order to maintain our qualification as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things: 
 continue to qualify as a BDC under the 1940 Act at all times during each taxable year; 
 derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from dividends, interest, certain payments with respect to loans of stock and securities, gains from the sale or other disposition of stock, securities, or foreign currencies and other income (including but not limited to gains from options, futures or forward contracts) derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock, securities or currencies, and net income derived from interests in qualified publicly traded partnerships, as such term is defined in the Code (the "90 Income Test"); and 
 diversify our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year: 
 at least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities, with such other securities limited, in respect of any one issuer, to an amount not greater than 5 of the value of our assets and 10 of the outstanding voting securities of such issuer; and 
 no more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer, of two or more issuers that we control (as determined under applicable tax rules) and that are engaged in the same, similar or related trades or businesses or of one or more qualified publicly traded partnerships (the Diversification Tests ). 
 We may invest in partnerships, including qualified publicly traded partnerships, which may result in our being subject to state, local or foreign income taxes, franchise taxes, or withholding liabilities. 
 We are required to recognize ICTI in circumstances in which we have not received a corresponding payment in cash. For example, we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as issued with OID and debt instruments with PIK interest, and we must include in ICTI each year the portion of the OID and PIK interest that accrues for that year (as it accrues over the life of the obligation), irrespective of whether the cash representing such income is received by us in that taxable year. The continued recognition of non-cash ICTI may cause difficulty in meeting the Annual Distribution Requirement. We may be required to sell investments at times and/or at prices we would not consider advantageous, raise additional debt or equity capital, or forgo new investment opportunities to meet this requirement. If we are not able to obtain 
 24 

cash from other sources, we may fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thus become subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax. 
 We are authorized to borrow funds and to sell assets in order to satisfy distribution requirements. However, under the 1940 Act, we are not permitted to make distributions to our stockholders while our debt obligations and other senior securities are outstanding unless certain asset coverage tests are met. Moreover, our ability to dispose of assets to meet our distribution requirements may be limited by (1) the illiquid nature of our portfolio and/or (2) other requirements relating to our status as a RIC, including the Diversification Tests. If we dispose of assets in order to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement or the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement, we may make such dispositions at times that, from an investment standpoint, are not advantageous. See Regulation Senior Securities. 
 Certain of our investment practices may be subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things, (1) treat dividends that would otherwise qualify for the dividends received deduction or constitute qualified dividend income as ineligible for such treatment, (2) disallow, suspend or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions, (3) convert lower-taxed long-term capital gain into higher-taxed short-term capital gain or ordinary income, (4) convert an ordinary loss or a deduction into a capital loss (the deductibility of which is more limited), (5) cause us to recognize income or gain without receipt of a corresponding distribution of cash, (6) adversely affect the time as to when a purchase or sale of stock or securities is deemed to occur, (7) adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial transactions and (8) produce income that will not be considered "qualifying income" for purposes of the 90 Income Test. We will monitor our transactions and may make certain tax elections to mitigate the potential adverse effect of these provisions, but there can be no assurance that any adverse effects of these provisions will be mitigated. 
 Our investments in Structured Finance Securities are generally passive foreign investment company PFIC investments, which can subject us to U.S. federal income tax on our allocable share of a portion of any excess distribution received on, or any gain from the disposition of, such shares even if our allocable share of such income is distributed as a taxable dividend to our stockholders. Additional charges in the nature of interest generally would also be imposed on us for the deemed delay in our reporting of such excess distribution and the earning of such income by the underlying PFIC. However, we have elected, and expect to continue to elect, to treat our investments in PFICs as qualified electing funds under the Code (a QEF ), and in lieu of the foregoing requirements, we will be required to include in income each year our proportionate share of the ordinary earnings and net capital gain of the QEF, even if such income is not distributed by the QEF. In lieu of a QEF election, we may in the future elect to mark-to-market at the end of each taxable year our shares in a PFIC; in this case, we will recognize as ordinary income our allocable share of any increase in the value of such shares, and as ordinary loss our allocable share of any decrease in such value to the extent that any such decrease does not exceed prior increases included in its income. Under either election, we may be required to recognize in a year income in excess of distributions from PFICs and proceeds from dispositions of PFIC stock during that year, and such income will nevertheless be subject to the Annual Distribution Requirement and will be taken into account for purposes of the 4 U.S. federal excise tax. 
 Some of the income and fees that we recognize may result in income that will not be "qualifying income" for the 90 Income Test. In order to ensure that such income and fees do not disqualify us as a RIC for a failure to satisfy the 90 Income Test, we may recognize such income and fees directly or indirectly through one or more entities taxed as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Such corporations are required to pay U.S. corporate income tax on their earnings, which ultimately reduces our return on such income and fees. OFSCC-MB, our fully taxable subsidiary, held equity investments with an aggregate fair value of 3.0 million and 3.2 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to prevent such non-qualifying income from adversely affecting our RIC status. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, OFSCC-MB paid approximately 0.5 million and -0-, respectively, of federal income taxes on its earnings and profits. 
 Failure to Qualify as a RIC. If we are unable to maintain our qualification as a RIC, we will be subject to tax on all of our ICTI and Net Capital Gains at regular corporate rates; we will not receive a dividend deduction for any distributions to our stockholders. Distributions would not be required, and any distributions would be taxable to our stockholders as ordinary dividend income that would, for qualifying non-corporate U.S. stockholders, be eligible for the current 20 maximum rate to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits (subject to limitations under the Code). Subject to certain limitations under the Code, corporate distributions would be eligible for the dividends-received deduction. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder s tax basis (reducing that basis accordingly), and any remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain. To qualify again to be taxed as a RIC in a subsequent year, we would be required to distribute to our stockholders our earnings and profits attributable to non-RIC years. In addition, if we failed to qualify as a RIC for a period greater than two taxable years, then we would be required to elect to recognize and pay tax on any net built-in gain (the excess of aggregate gain, including items of income, over aggregate loss that would have been realized if we had been liquidated) or, alternatively, be subject to taxation on such built-in gain recognized for a period of five years, in order to qualify as a RIC in a subsequent year. 
 Conflicts of Interests 
 25 

BDCs generally are prohibited under the 1940 Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with their affiliates without the prior approval of their independent directors and, in some cases, of the SEC. Those transactions include purchases and sales, and so-called joint transactions, in which a BDC and one or more of its affiliates engage in certain types of profit-making activities. Any person that owns, directly or indirectly, five percent or more of a BDC s outstanding voting securities will be considered an affiliate of the BDC for purposes of the 1940 Act, and a BDC generally is prohibited from engaging in purchases from, sales of assets to, or joint transactions with, such affiliates, absent the prior approval of the BDC s independent directors. Additionally, without the approval of the SEC, a BDC is prohibited from engaging in purchases from, sales of assets to, or joint transactions with, the BDC s officers, directors, and employees, and advisor (and its control affiliates). 
 BDCs may, however, invest alongside certain related parties or their respective other clients in certain circumstances where doing so is consistent with current law and SEC staff interpretations. For example, a BDC may invest alongside such accounts consistent with guidance promulgated by the SEC staff permitting the BDC and such other accounts to purchase interests in a single class of privately placed securities so long as certain conditions are met, including that the BDC s advisor, acting on the BDC s behalf and on behalf of other clients, negotiates no term other than price. Co-investment with such other accounts is not permitted or appropriate under this guidance when there is an opportunity to invest in different securities of the same issuer or where the different investments could be expected to result in a conflict between the BDC s interests and those of other accounts. 
 Conflicts Related to Portfolio Investments. Conflicts may arise when we make an investment in conjunction with an investment being made by an Affiliated Account, or in a transaction where an Affiliated Account has already made an investment. Investment opportunities are, from time to time, appropriate for more than one account in the same, different or overlapping securities of a portfolio company s capital structure. Conflicts arise in determining the terms of investments, particularly where these accounts may invest in different types of securities in a single portfolio company. Questions arise as to whether payment obligations and covenants should be enforced, modified or waived, or whether debt should be restructured, modified or refinanced. 
 We may invest in debt and other securities of companies in which Affiliated Accounts hold those same securities or different securities, including equity securities. In the event that such investments are made by us, our interests will at times conflict with the interests of such Affiliated Accounts, particularly in circumstances where the underlying company is facing financial distress. Decisions about what action should be taken, particularly in troubled situations, raise conflicts of interest, including, among other things, whether or not to enforce claims, whether or not to advocate or initiate a restructuring or liquidation inside or outside of bankruptcy, and the terms of any work-out or restructuring. The involvement of Affiliated Accounts at both the equity and debt levels could inhibit strategic information exchanges among fellow creditors, including among us or Affiliated Accounts. In certain circumstances, we or an Affiliated Account may be prohibited from exercising voting or other rights and may be subject to claims by other creditors with respect to the subordination of their interest. 
 In the event that we or an Affiliated Account has a controlling or significantly influential position in a portfolio company, that account may have the ability to elect some or all of the board of directors of such a portfolio company, thereby controlling the policies and operations of such portfolio company, including the appointment of management, future issuances of securities, payment of dividends, incurrence of debt and entering into extraordinary transactions. In addition, a controlling account is likely to have the ability to determine, or influence, the outcome of operational matters and to cause, or prevent, a change in control of such a company. Such management and operational decisions may, at times, be in direct conflict with other accounts that have invested in the same portfolio company that do not have the same level of control or influence over the portfolio company. 
 If additional capital is necessary as a result of financial or other difficulties, or to finance growth or other opportunities, the accounts may or may not provide such additional capital, and if provided each account will supply such additional capital in such amounts, if any, as determined by OFS Advisor. In addition, a conflict arises in allocating an investment opportunity if the potential investment target could be acquired by us, an Affiliated Account, or a portfolio company of an Affiliated Account. Investments by more than one account of OFS Advisor or its affiliates in a portfolio company also raise the risk of using assets of an account of OFS Advisor or its affiliates to support positions taken by other accounts of OFS Advisor or its affiliates, or that an account may remain passive in a situation in which it is entitled to vote. In addition, there may be differences in timing of entry into, or exit from, a portfolio company for reasons such as differences in strategy, existing portfolio or liquidity needs, different account mandates or fund differences, or different securities being held. These variations in timing may be detrimental to us. 
 The application of our or an Affiliated Account's governing documents and the policies and procedures of OFS Advisor are expected to vary based on the particular facts and circumstances surrounding each investment by two or more accounts, in particular when those accounts are in different classes of an issuer s capital structure (as well as across multiple 
 26 

issuers or borrowers within the same overall capital structure) and, as such, there may be a degree of variation and potential inconsistencies, in the manner in which potential or actual conflicts are addressed. 
 Co-Investment with Affiliates. On August 4, 2020, we received the Order, which superseded a previous order that we received on October 12, 2016, and provides us with greater flexibility to enter into co-investment transactions with certain Affiliated Funds in a manner consistent with our investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors, subject to compliance with certain conditions. We are generally permitted to co-invest with Affiliated Funds if under the terms of the Order, a "required majority" (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our independent directors make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to us and our stockholders and do not involve overreaching in respect of us or our stockholders on the part of any person concerned and (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of our stockholders and is consistent with our investment objective and strategies. 
 In addition, we may file an application for an amendment to our existing Order to permit us to participate in follow-on investments in our existing portfolio companies with certain private funds that do not hold any investments in such existing portfolio companies. However, if filed, there is no guarantee that such application will be granted. 
 When we invest alongside Affiliated Accounts, OFS Advisor will, to the extent consistent with applicable law, regulatory guidance, or the Order, allocate investment opportunities in accordance with its allocation policy. Under this allocation policy, if two or more investment vehicles with similar or overlapping investment strategies are in their investment periods, an available opportunity will be allocated based on the provisions governing allocations of such investment opportunities in the relevant organizational, offering or similar documents, if any, for such investment vehicles. In the absence of any such provisions, OFS Advisor will consider the following factors and the weight that should be given with respect to each of these factors: 
 investment guidelines and/or restrictions, if any, set forth in the applicable organizational, offering or similar documents for the investment vehicles; 
 the status of tax restrictions and tests and other regulatory restrictions and tests; 
 risk and return profile of the investment vehicles; 
 suitability/priority of a particular investment for the investment vehicles; 
 if applicable, the targeted position size of the investment for the investment vehicles; 
 level of available cash for investment with respect to the investment vehicles; 
 total amount of funds committed to the investment vehicles; and 
 the age of the investment vehicles and the remaining term of their respective investment periods, if any. 
 When not relying on the Order, priority as to opportunities will generally be given to clients that are in their ramp-up period, or the period during which the account has yet to reach sufficient scale such that its investment income covers its operating expenses, over the accounts that are outside their ramp-up period but still within their investment or re-investment periods. However, application of one or more of the factors listed above, or other factors determined to be relevant or appropriate, may result in the allocation of an investment opportunity to a fund no longer in its ramp-up period over a fund that is still within its ramp-up period. 
 In situations where co-investment with Affiliated Accounts is not permitted or appropriate, OFS Advisor will need to decide which account will proceed with the investment. The decision by OFS Advisor to allocate an opportunity to another entity could cause us to forego an investment opportunity that we otherwise would have made. These restrictions, and similar restrictions that limit our ability to transact business with our officers or directors or their affiliates, may limit the scope of investment opportunities that would otherwise be available to us. 
 27 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 28 

29 

30 

31 

32 

33 

34 

35 

36 

37 

38 

39 

40 

41 

42 

43 

44 

45 

46 

47 

48 

49 

50 

51 

52 

53 

54 

55 

56 

57 

58 

59 

60 

Reliance on mobile or cloud technology or any failure by mobile technology and cloud service providers to adequately safeguard systems could disrupt our operations, the operations of a portfolio company or the operations of our or their service providers and result in misappropriation, corruption or loss of personal, confidential or proprietary information or the inability to conduct business operations. Extended periods of remote working, whether by us, our portfolio companies, or our service providers, could strain technology resources, introduce operational risks and otherwise heighten the risks described above. 
 We are subject to risks in using custodians, counterparties, administrators and other agents. 
 61 

We depend on the services of custodians, counterparties, administrators and other agents to carry out certain transactions and other administrative services, including compliance with regulatory requirements in U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions. We are subject to risks of errors and mistakes made by these third parties, which may be attributed to us and subject us or our stockholders to reputational damage, penalties or losses. We depend on third parties to provide primary and back up communications and information systems. Any failure or interruption of those systems, including as a result of the termination of an agreement with any third-party service providers, could cause delays or other problems in our activities. Our financial, accounting, data processing, portfolio monitoring, backup or other operating systems and facilities may fail to operate properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control. The terms of the contracts with third-party service providers are often customized and complex, and many of these arrangements occur in markets or relate to products that are not subject to regulatory oversight. Accordingly, we may be unsuccessful in seeking reimbursement or indemnification from these third-party service providers. In addition, we rely on a select number of third-party service providers and replacement of any one of our service providers could be difficult and result in disruption and expense. 
 Increased data protection regulation may result in increased complexities and risk in connection with the operation of our business. 
 We operate in businesses that are highly dependent on information systems and technology. The costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. Cybersecurity has become a priority for regulators in the U.S. and around the world. Many jurisdictions in which we or our portfolio companies may operate have laws and regulations relating to data privacy, cybersecurity and protection of personal information, including the California Consumer Privacy Act that went into effect on January 1, 2020, and the New York SHIELD Act, which went into effect on March 1, 2020. In addition, the SEC announced that one of the 2023 examination priorities for the Division of Examinations was to continue to examine cybersecurity procedures and controls, including review of cybersecurity issues associated with the use of third-party vendors. Further, the European General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR came into effect in May 2018. Data protection requirements under the GDPR are more stringent than those imposed under prior European legislation. There are substantial financial penalties for breach of the GDPR, including up to the higher of 20 million Euros or 4 of group annual worldwide turnover. Non-compliance with any of the aforementioned laws or other similar laws, therefore, represents a serious risk to our business. Some jurisdictions have also enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data. Breaches in security could potentially jeopardize our, our employees or our investors or counterparties confidential and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our, our employees , our investors , our counterparties or third parties operations, which could result in significant losses, increased costs, disruption of our business, liability to our investors and other counterparties, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. Furthermore, if we fail to comply with the relevant laws and regulations, it could result in regulatory investigations and penalties. 
 Terrorist attacks, acts of war, global health emergencies or natural disasters may impact the businesses in which we invest and harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Terrorist acts, acts of war, global health emergencies or natural disasters may disrupt our operations, as well as the operations of the businesses in which we invest. Such acts have created, and continue to create, economic and political uncertainties and have contributed to global economic instability. Future terrorist activities, military or security operations, global health emergencies or natural disasters could further weaken the domestic/global economies and create additional uncertainties, which may negatively impact the businesses in which we invest directly or indirectly and, in turn, could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. Losses from terrorist attacks, global health emergencies and natural disasters are generally uninsurable. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 We do not own or lease any real estate or other physical properties material to our operation. Our headquarters are located at 10 S. Wacker Drive, Suite 2500, Chicago, IL, 60606, and are provided by OFS Services pursuant to the Administration Agreement. Additional operations are conducted from offices in New York, New York and Los Angeles, California, which are also provided by OFS Services pursuant to the Administration Agreement. We believe that our office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as we contemplate continuing to conduct it. 
 62 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We, OFS Advisor and OFS Services, are not currently subject to any material pending legal proceedings threatened against us as of December 31, 2022. From time to time, we may be a party to certain legal proceedings incidental to the normal course of our business including the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. Furthermore, third parties may try to seek to impose liability on us in connection with the activities of our portfolio companies. While the outcome of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 63 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 - - 0.30 Third Quarter 
 13.58 - - 0.29 Second Quarter 14.57 - - 0.29 First Quarter 15.52 - - 0.28 Fiscal 2021 Fourth Quarter 15.18 - - 0.25 Third Quarter 
 14.16 - - 0.24 Second Quarter 13.42 - - 0.22 First Quarter 11.96 - - 0.20 
 (1) NAV per share is determined as of the last day in the relevant quarter and therefore may not reflect the NAV per share on the date of the high and low sales prices. The NAVs shown are based on outstanding shares at the end of each period. 
 (2) Period from January 1, 2023 through February 24, 2023. 
 Not determinable at the time of filing. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 On May 22, 2018, the Board authorized the Stock Repurchase Program under which we could acquire up to 10.0 million of our outstanding common stock through the two-year period ending May 22, 2020. On May 4, 2020 and May 3, 2022, the Board extended the Stock Repurchase Program for additional two-year periods. Under the extended Stock Repurchase Program, we are authorized to repurchase shares in open-market transactions, including through block purchases, depending on prevailing market conditions and other factors. We expect the Stock Repurchase Program to be in place through May 22, 2024, or until the approved dollar amount has been used to repurchase shares. The Stock Repurchase Program does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares, and all repurchases will be made in accordance with SEC Rule 10b-18, which sets certain restrictions on the method, timing, price and volume of stock repurchases. The Stock Repurchase Program may be extended, modified or discontinued at any time for any reason. We have provided our stockholders with notice of our intention to repurchase shares of our common stock in accordance with 1940 Act requirements. We retire all shares of common stock that we purchase in connection with the Stock Repurchase Program. 
 64 

The following table summarizes the shares of common stock that we repurchased under the Stock Repurchase Program during the periods noted below (amount in thousands except shares). Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of the Program Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet be Purchased Under the Program May 22, 2018 through December 31, 2018 300 10.29 300 9,997 January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019 January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020 January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021 700 6.70 700 9,992 January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 42,254 8.30 42,254 9,642 Total 43,254 8.29 43,254 9,642 
 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan (DRIP) 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, there was 0.2 million of distributions reinvested under the DRIP. 
 
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 We did not sell any securities during the period covered by this Annual Report that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 65 

Stock Performance Graph 
 This graph compares the return on our common stock with that of the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index, the Russell 1000 Index and the Standard Poor s BDC Index, for the last five fiscal years. The graph assumes that, on December 31, 2017, a person invested 100 in our common stock, the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index, the Russell 1000 Index and the Standard Poor s BDC Index. The graph measures total stockholder return, which takes into account changes in stock price and assumes reinvestment of all dividends and distributions prior to any tax effect. 
 
 Cumulative Total Returns as of December 31, 2018 December 31, 2019 December 31, 2020 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 OFS Capital Corporation 3.0 21.6 (7.1) 55.1 60.9 S P 500 (4.4) 25.7 48.9 91.6 56.9 S P BDC Index (7.0) 19.2 8.6 49.3 35.3 Russell 1000 (4.8) 25.1 51.4 91.4 54.8 
 The graph and other information under the heading Stock Performance Graph in Part II Item 5 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is furnished and shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Exchange Act. The stock price performance included in the above graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. The table does not reflect the deduction of taxes that a stockholder would pay on fund distributions or the sale of fund shares. 
 
 66 

Fees and Expenses 
 (1) 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (1) 
 Annual expenses (as a percentage of net assets attributable to common stock) (9) : 
 Base management fees payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement (3) 
 Incentive fees payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement (4) 
 Interest payments on borrowed funds (5) 
 Other expenses (6) 
 Total annual expenses Base management fee reduction ) (8) 
 Total annual expenses, net of fee reduction (7) effect of the base management fee reduction on certain assets. See Management and Other Agreements Investment Advisory Agreement . 
 
 The two parts of the incentive fee follows: 
 The Income Incentive Fee, payable quarterly in arrears, equals 20.0 of our pre-incentive fee net investment income (including income that is accrued but not yet received in cash), subject to a 2.0 quarterly (8.0 annualized) hurdle rate and a catch-up provision measured as of the end of each calendar quarter. Under this provision, in any calendar quarter, OFS Advisor receives no incentive fee until our pre-incentive fee net investment income equals the hurdle rate of 2.0 but then receives, as a catch-up, 100 of our pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 2.5 . The effect of this provision is that, if pre-incentive fee net investment income exceeds 2.5 in any calendar quarter, OFS Advisor will receive 20.0 of our pre-incentive fee net investment income as if a hurdle rate did not apply. There is no 
 67 

While the example assumes, as required by the applicable rules of the SEC, a 5.0 annual return, our performance will vary and may result in a return greater or less than 5.0 . The incentive fee under the Investment Management Agreement, which, assuming a 5.0 annual return, would either not be payable or would have an insignificant impact on the expense amounts shown above, is not included in the above example. The above illustration assumes that we will not realize any capital gains (computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation) in any of the indicated time periods. If we achieve sufficient returns on our investments, including through the realization of capital gains, to trigger an incentive fee of a material amount, our expenses and returns to our investors 
 68 

69 

SENIOR SECURITIES 
 Information about our senior securities (including preferred stock, debt securities and other indebtedness) is shown in the following table as of the end of the last ten fiscal years. The senior securities table as of December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019 was audited by KPMG LLP and the senior securities table as of December 31, 2018, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013 were audited by our former independent registered public accounting firms. The indicates information that the SEC expressly does not require to be disclosed for certain types of senior securities. KPMG LLP s report on the senior securities table as of December 31, 2022 is included within the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. N/A December 31, 2021 N/A 4.95 Notes due 2028 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 6.25 Notes due 2023 December 31, 2020 6.375 Notes due 2025 December 31, 2020 December 31, 2019 December 31, 2018 6.50 Notes due 2025 December 31, 2020 December 31, 2019 December 31, 2018 5.95 Notes due 2026 December 31, 2020 December 31, 2019 BNP Facility December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A December 31, 2020 N/A December 31, 2019 N/A PWB Credit Facility December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A December 31, 2020 N/A December 31, 2019 N/A December 31, 2018 N/A December 31, 2017 N/A December 31, 2016 N/A 
 70 

N/A WM Credit Facility December 31, 2014 N/A December 31, 2013 N/A SBA debentures (SBIC I LP) (5) 
 December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A December 31, 2020 N/A December 31, 2019 N/A December 31, 2018 N/A December 31, 2017 N/A December 31, 2016 N/A December 31, 2015 N/A December 31, 2014 N/A December 31, 2013 N/A Total Senior Securities (6) 
 December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A December 31, 2020 N/A December 31, 2019 N/A December 31, 2018 N/A December 31, 2017 N/A December 31, 2016 N/A December 31, 2015 N/A December 31, 2014 N/A December 31, 2013 N/A 
 (1) Total amount of each class of senior securities outstanding at the end of the period presented. 
 (2) The asset coverage ratio for a class of senior securities representing indebtedness is calculated as our consolidated total assets, less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, divided by the class of senior securities representing indebtedness. This asset coverage ratio is multiplied by 1,000 to determine the Asset Coverage Per Unit. 
 (3) The amount to which such class of senior security would be entitled upon the involuntary liquidation of the issuer in preference to any security junior to it. 
 (4) 
 (5) The SBA debentures are not subject to the asset coverage requirements of the 1940 Act as a result of exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC. 
 (6) The Asset Coverage Per Unit does not include the SBA debentures as described in footnote (5) above. 
 71 

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 
 The following is a schedule of financial highlights for each year in the ten-year period ended December 31, 2022. The financial highlights as of December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019 were audited by KPMG LLP and the financial highlights for each year in the six-year period ended December 31, 2018 are derived from our consolidated financial statements that were audited by our former independent registered public accounting firms. The data should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, which are included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 Per share operating performance: Net asset value per share at beginning of year 
 15.18 11.85 12.46 13.10 14.12 14.82 14.76 14.24 14.58 14.80 Net investment income (4) 
 1.37 1.00 0.92 1.43 1.38 1.28 1.46 1.39 0.95 0.59 Net realized gain (loss), net of taxes (4) 
 (0.13) (1.54) (0.75) (0.29) (0.36) 0.55 0.25 (0.17) (0.35) 0.30 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation), net of deferred taxes (4) 
 (1.79) 5.12 0.25 (0.42) (0.31) (1.19) (0.29) 0.66 0.42 (0.09) Loss on extinguishment of debt (4) 
 (0.01) (0.34) (0.06) Loss on impairment of goodwill (4) 
 (0.08) Total from operations (0.56) 4.24 0.28 0.72 0.71 0.64 1.42 1.88 1.02 0.80 Distributions 
 (1.16) (0.91) (0.86) (1.36) (1.73) (1.36) (1.36) (1.36) (1.36) (1.02) Issuance/repurchase of common stock (5) 
 0.01 (0.03) (0.03) Other (6) 
 0.05 Net asset value per share at end of year 13.47 15.18 11.85 12.46 13.10 14.12 14.82 14.76 14.24 14.58 
 Per share market value, end of period 
 10.15 10.90 7.15 11.17 10.60 11.90 13.76 11.48 11.78 12.83 Total return based on market value (1) 
 4.4 66.8 (24.0) 18.3 3.5 (4.7) 32.3 9.0 2.4 1.3 Total return based on net asset value (2) 
 (0.6) 40.2 13.6 6.7 7.8 5.0 10.9 16.0 7.5 7.7 Shares outstanding at end of period 13,398,078 13,422,413 13,409,559 13,376,836 13,357,337 13,340,217 9,700,297 9,691,170 9,650,834 9,629,797 Weighted average shares outstanding 
 13,417,410 13,413,861 13,394,005 13,364,244 13,348,203 12,403,706 9,693,801 9,670,153 9,634,471 9,619,723 Ratio/Supplemental Data (in thousands except ratios) Average net asset value (3) 
 194,068 178,628 148,175 171,889 182,468 171,631 142,818 140,002 138,131 141,058 Net asset value at end of year 
 180,423 203,744 158,956 166,627 175,023 188,336 143,778 143,012 137,471 140,378 Net investment income 
 18,352 13,450 12,295 19,098 18,385 15,877 14,145 13,411 9,135 5,718 Ratio of total expenses, net to average net assets (8) 
 15.7 19.2 22.4 19.4 13.4 10.2 11.9 13.5 9.9 8.0 Ratio of total expenses, net and losses on impairment of goodwill and extinguishment of debt to average net assets (9) 
 15.7 21.8 23.7 Ratio of net investment income to average net assets (10) 
 9.5 7.5 8.3 11.1 10.5 8.4 9.8 9.6 6.6 4.1 Ratio of goodwill impairment loss to average net assets 0.7 Ratio of loss on extinguishment of debt to average net assets 0.1 2.6 0.6 Portfolio turnover (7) 
 28.0 54.9 28.1 21.2 41.9 50.4 18.1 44.6 34.9 19.7 
 72 

(1) Calculated as ending market value less beginning market value, adjusted for distributions reinvested at prices based on the Company s dividend reinvestment plan for the respective distributions. 
 (2) Calculated as ending net asset value less beginning net asset value, adjusted for distributions reinvested at the Company s dividend reinvestment plan for the respective distributions. 
 (3) Based on the average of the net asset value at the beginning of the indicated period and the end of each calendar quarter within the period indicated. 
 (4) Calculated on the average share method. 
 (5) The issuance/repurchase of common stock on a per share basis reflects the net asset value change as a result of DRIP issuances, shares repurchased pursuant to the Stock Repurchase Program or the follow-on public offering of 3,625,000 shares in during 2017. 
 (6) Represents the impact of different share amounts used in calculating per share data as a result of calculating certain per share data based on a weighted average shares outstanding during the period and certain per share data based on the shares outstanding as of a period end or transaction date. 
 (7) Portfolio turnover rate is calculated using the lesser of year-to-date sales, Structured Finance Security distributions and principal payments or year-to-date purchases over the average of the invested assets at fair value at the beginning of the indicated period and the end of each calendar quarter within the period indicated. 
 (8) Ratio of total expenses before incentive fee waiver to average net assets was 22.7 and 13.4 for the years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2018, respectively. 
 (9) Ratio of total expenses before incentive fee waiver and losses on impairment of goodwill and extinguishment of debt to average net assets was 24.0 for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 (10) Ratio of net investment income before incentive fee waiver to average net assets was 8.0 and 10.5 for the years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2018, respectively. 
 
 Item 6. Reserved. 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about us, our current and prospective portfolio investments, our industry, our beliefs, and our assumptions. Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, believes, seeks, estimates, would, should, targets, projects, and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements, including without limitation: 
 our ability and experience operating a BDC or an SBIC, or maintaining our tax treatment as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code; 
 our dependence on key personnel; 
 our ability to maintain or develop referral relationships; 
 our ability to replicate historical results; 
 the ability of OFS Advisor to identify, invest in and monitor companies that meet our investment criteria; 
 the belief that the carrying amounts of our financial instruments, such as cash, receivables and payables approximate the fair value of such items due to the short maturity of such instruments and that such financial instruments are held with high credit quality institutions to mitigate the risk of loss due to credit risk; 
 actual and potential conflicts of interest with OFS Advisor and other affiliates of OFSAM Holdings; 
 constraint on investment due to access to material nonpublic information; 
 restrictions on our ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates; 
 the impact of interest and inflation rates on our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies; 
 our ability to comply with SBA regulations and requirements; 
 73 

the use of borrowed money to finance a portion of our investments; 
 the creation of leveraged lending opportunities as a result of the large amount of unfunded buyout commitments driving demand for leveraged buyouts over the next several years; 
 our ability to incur additional leverage pursuant to Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act and the impact of such leverage on our net investment income and results of operations; 
 competition for investment opportunities; 
 our plans to focus on providing first lien senior secured loans to larger borrowers and the impact of these plans on our risk profile, including our belief that the seniority of such loans in a borrower's capital structure may provide greater downside protection against adverse economic changes, including those caused by the impacts of rising interest and inflation rates, the risk of recession and related market volatility, the continuing COVID-19 pandemic and the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine. 
 the percentage of investments that will bear interest on a floating rate or fixed rate basis; 
 the holding period of our investments; 
 interest rate volatility, including the transition from LIBOR to SOFR and/or other alternative reference rate(s); 
 the ability of SBIC I LP to make distributions enabling us to meet RIC requirements; 
 plans by SBIC I LP to repay its outstanding SBA debentures; 
 our ability to raise debt or equity capital as a BDC; 
 the timing, form and amount of any distributions from our portfolio companies; 
 the impact of a protracted decline in the liquidity of credit markets on our business; 
 the impact of current political, economic and industry conditions, including changes in the interest rate environment, inflation, significant market volatility, supply chain disruptions, resource shortages, other conditions affecting the financial and capital markets, and the continuing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, financial condition, results of operations and the fair value of our portfolio investments; 
 the impact of the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine and general uncertainty surrounding the financial and political stability of the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and China; 
 the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest; 
 the belief that we have sufficient levels of liquidity to support our existing portfolio companies and deploy capital in new investment opportunities; 
 the belief that the unrealized depreciation on our Structured Finance Securities and Broadly Syndicated Loans were primarily related to widening of liquid credit market spreads and to a lesser extent, fundamental credit issues; 
 the belief that our loan portfolio is well positioned and will continue to produce strong results and perform well in the current interest rate environment; 
 the effect of new or modified laws or regulations governing our operations; 
 the ability to continue generating strong risk-adjusted net returns by assembling a diversified portfolio of investments across a broad range of industries; 
 the need and availability of additional capital on favorable terms to finance growth given our expectation to distribute substantially all of our net ordinary income and net realized capital gains to our stockholders; and 
 the ability to secure financial maintenance covenants in the loans we invest. 
 Although we believe that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. These risks and uncertainties include, among others, those described or identified in Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We have based the forward-looking statements on information available to us on the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward- 
 74 

looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we in the future may file with the SEC, including Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. The forward-looking statements and projections contained in this annual report on Form 10-K are excluded from the safe harbor protection provided by Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act. 
 The following analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Overview 
 Key performance metrics are presented below: December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Net asset value per common share 13.47 15.18 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net investment income per common share 1.37 1.00 0.92 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations per common share (0.57) 4.24 0.28 Distributions paid per common share 1.16 0.91 0.86 
 Our NAV per common share decreased 11 to 13.47 at December 31, 2022, from 15.18 at December 31, 2021, primarily due to net losses on our investment portfolio of 25.8 million, or 1.92 per common share. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net losses were primarily related to unrealized depreciation of 23.0 million and 14.2 million on our loan portfolio and Structured Finance Securities, respectively, partially offset by unrealized appreciation of 13.1 million on our equity investments. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net investment income increased 4.9 million, or 37 , compared to the prior year. The increase in net investment income was primarily due to an increase in total investment income of 1.0 million, as well as a decrease in incentive fees of 3.6 million. The decrease in incentives fees was primarily due to the reversal of a previously accrued Capital Gains Fee of 1.9 million, related to a reduction in net unrealized appreciation on the investment portfolio . The previously accrued Capital Gains Fee was neither contractually due nor payable under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the weighted average realized yield on interest-bearing investments increased to 10.0 , compared to 9.7 during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in our yield was primarily due to rising interest rates, partially offset by a reduction in prepayments and fee accelerations. We believe our portfolio is well positioned to continue to benefit in a rising interest rate environment as 94 of our loan portfolio at fair value consisted of floating rate loans. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our weighted-average debt interest costs decreased to 4.8 from 5.1 during the year ended December 31, 2021.The decrease in our debt interest costs was primarily due to the refinancing of 177.9 million of Unsecured Notes at lower fixed rates during 2021. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 69 of our outstanding debt was fixed rate and approximately 85 of our outstanding debt matures in 2026 and beyond. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, our portfolio experienced net losses of 25.8 million, or 1.92 per share, primarily related to unrealized depreciation of 14.2 million and 23.0 million on our Structured Finance Securities and loan portfolio, respectively, offset by unrealized appreciation of 13.1 million on our equity investments. Unrealized depreciation on our Structured Finance Securities and Broadly Syndicated Loans were primarily related to the widening of liquid credit market spreads and to a lesser extent, fundamental credit issues. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized unrealized depreciation of 11.0 million on our non-accrual loans, primarily due to unrealized depreciation of 8.0 million on our subordinated debt in Eblens Holdings, Inc. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio had five non-accrual loans with an aggregate fair value of 11.2 million, or 3.6 of our total loan portfolio at fair value, compared to two non-accrual loans with an aggregate fair value of 7.7 million, or 2.2 of our total loan portfolio at fair value, at December 31, 2021. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our common equity investment in Pfanstiehl Holdings, Inc., a global manufacturer of high-purity pharmaceutical ingredients, accounted for 17 of our portfolio at fair value and 47 of our consolidated net assets, respectively. Primarily due to increased financial operating results during the year ended December 31, 2022, the fair value of our investment in the common equity of Pfanstiehl Holdings, Inc. increased by 19.7 million, to 85.5 million. Pfanstiehl Holdings, Inc. also experienced unrealized gains of 29.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The value of this investment is substantially comprised of unrealized appreciation of 85.2 million. A deterioration in the 
 75 

operating performance of the company or other factors underlying the valuation of this investment could have a material impact on our NAV. 
 At December 31, 2022, our asset coverage ratio of 163 exceeded the minimum asset coverage requirement of 150 under the 1940 Act, and we remained in compliance with all applicable covenants under our outstanding debt facilities. As of December 31, 2022, we had an unused commitment of 25.0 million under our PWB Credit Facility, as well as an unused commitment of 45.3 million under our BNP Facility, each of which are subject to a borrowing base and other covenants. Based on fair values and net asset value at December 31, 2022, we could access all unused commitments under our credit facilities and remain in compliance with our asset coverage requirements. We continue to believe that we have sufficient levels of liquidity to support our commitments to existing portfolio companies and we intend to continue to selectively deploy capital in new investment opportunities. As of December 31, 2022, we had unfunded commitments of 32.2 million to 16 portfolio companies. 
 We are also subject to financial risks, including changes in market interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 295.5 million (aggregate fair value), or 94 of our debt investments, bore interest at variable rates, of which 59 are LIBOR-based. We have prepared and planned for the transition away from LIBOR by incorporating alternate reference rates to be used in our credit agreements, and believe the impact of the transition will be minimal. However, it is not possible to predict the effect of these developments, and any future initiatives to regulate, reform or change the manner of administration of LIBOR could result in adverse consequences to the rate of interest payable and receivable on, market value of and market liquidity for LIBOR-based financial instruments. Additionally, the U.S. Federal Reserve approved seven interest rate increases in 2022 and an additional interest rate increase in 2023 and has signaled that additional increases may be likely to combat inflation. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to our Investments for additional information. 
 On February 28, 2023, the Board declared a distribution of 0.33 per share for the first quarter of 2023, payable on March 31, 2023, to stockholders of record as of March 24, 2023. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and revenues and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. Critical accounting policies are those that require management to make subjective or complex judgments about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Changes that may be required in the underlying assumptions or estimates in these areas could have a material impact on our current and future financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our critical accounting policies and estimates are those relating to revenue recognition and fair value estimates. Management has discussed the development and selection of each critical accounting policy and estimate with the Audit Committee of the Board. For a description of our revenue recognition and fair value policies, see Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements of this report. 
 Revenue recognition. Our direct lending activities frequently involve the acquisition of multiple financial instruments or rights either in an initial transaction, or in subsequent or follow-on transactions, including amendments to existing securities. These financial instruments can include loans, preferred and common stock, warrants, or membership interests in limited liability companies. Acquired rights can include fixed or variable fees that can be either guaranteed or contingent upon operating performance of the underlying portfolio companies. Moreover, these fees may be payable in cash or additional securities. The revenue recognized on these instruments is a function of the fee or other consideration allocated to them, including amounts allocated to loan syndication fees at the time of acquisition. 
 These allocations are generally based on the relative fair value of the instruments at the time of the transaction, a process involving fair value estimates which is also a critical accounting policy and significant estimate. Once determined, these allocations directly affect the discount/premium and yield on debt securities, the cost and net gains/losses on equity securities, and ICTI. These allocations require an understanding of the terms and conditions of the underlying agreements and requires significant management judgment. 
 Interest Income : Our recognition of interest income from our loan and CLO debt investments is recognized on an accrual basis based upon the outstanding principal amount and contractual interest terms of debt investment. Net Loan Fees are amortized or accreted into interest income over the life of the respective debt investment. 
 PIK Income . Our recognition of PIK interest and dividends includes assessment of collectibility. We discontinue accrual of PIK income when there is reasonable doubt that the income will ultimately be collected. This includes assessments of the fair value of the investment relative to par or cost and other judgments of management. 
 76 

CLO Subordinated Notes and Loan Accumulation Facilities . Interest income on our CLO subordinated note securities is recognized in accordance with ASC Subtopic 325-40, Beneficial Interests in Securitized Financial Assets, which contemplates estimating an effective yield to expected redemption utilizing estimated future cash flows from the investment. The estimated cash flows of the underlying portfolio and to our security are developed utilizing a number of assumptions, including, among others, estimates of default rates, prepayment rates, redemption timing, reinvestment prices, and liquidation-redemption price. These assumptions, and correspondingly the estimated cash flows and accretable yields, are reviewed and updated periodically, as needed. 
 The valuation of our Structured Finance Securities makes use of similar assumptions, plus a discount rate assumption, to develop estimated cash flows that are discounted to estimated present value. 
 Interest income from our investments in Loan Accumulation Facilities is recognized on an accrual basis based on an estimated yield. Income notes associated with our Loan Accumulation Facility investments generally pay returns equal to the actual income earned on facility assets less costs of senior financing and manager costs. 
 Non-accrual Loans : We review all loans that become past due on principal and interest, and/or when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected, for placement on non-accrual status. Interest income and Net Loan Fees are no longer accreted to interest income as of the date the loan is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments subsequently received on non-accrual investments may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment. Interest accruals and Net Loan Fee amortization are resumed on non-accrual investments only when they are brought current with respect to principal and interest payments and, in the our judgment, the investments are estimated to be fully collectible as to all principal and interest. 
 Fair value estimates. As of December 31, 2022, total investments representing approximately 96 of our total assets were carried on the consolidated balance sheet at fair value. As discussed more fully in Item 8. Financial Statements Note 2 GAAP requires us to categorize fair value measurements according to a three-level valuation hierarchy. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted, active market prices for identical assets and liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to valuation techniques that require significant management judgment because one or more of the significant inputs are unobservable in the market place (Level 3). All of our investments carried at fair value are classified as Level 2 and Level 3, with 94 of our investments classified as Level 3. In accordance with our investment strategy, we typically do not hold equity securities or other instruments that are actively traded on an exchange (Level 1). 
 In December 2020, the SEC issued a final rule adopting Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act to establish requirements for determining fair value in good faith for purposes of the 1940 Act. On September 7, 2022, pursuant to Rule 2a-5, the Board designated OFS Advisor, as the valuation designee, to perform fair value determinations relating to our investments for which market quotations are not readily available, commencing with the quarter ended September 30, 2022. In order for the Board to maintain oversight, OFS Advisor implemented the requirements as prescribed in Rule 2a-5. 
 As described in Item 8. Financial Statements Note 5 , under the oversight of the Board, we follow a process to determine these unobservable inputs used in the fair value estimates of our investments. The most significant unobservable inputs in the Level 3 fair value measurements are the discount rates (discounted cash flows approach) and EBITDA multiples (market approach). Investments classified as Level 2 are measured on the basis of Indicative Prices provided by pricing services. 
 Our discounted cash flow valuations involve a determination of discount rate commensurate with the risk inherent in each investment. OFS Advisor with the assistance of independent third-party valuation firms, uses two primary methods to estimate discount rates on Portfolio Company Investments, as applicable: a method based upon a hypothetical recapitalization of the entity given its current operating performance and current market conditions; and a synthetic debt rating method, which assigns a surrogate debt rating to the entity based on known industry standards for assigning such ratings and then estimates the discount rate based on observed market yields for actual rated debt. OFS Advisor may also use a relative value method to estimate yields, which involves estimating the discount rate of non-traded subject debt investments based on an expected or assumed relationship between Indicative Prices on traded debt and the subject debt for a portfolio company. All methods for estimating the discount rate generally involve calibration of unobservable inputs utilized in estimating the discount rate on the subject investment to its internal rate of return at close or purchase date. These methods generally produce a range of discount rates, and we generally select the midpoint of the range for use in fair value measures, subject to considerations of any prepayment fees associated with the debt. 
 Our market approach valuations, generally applied to equity investments and investments in non-performing debt, involve a determination of an enterprise value multiple to a financial performance metric of the portfolio company, generally EBITDA. These determinations are based on identification of a comparable set of publicly traded companies and determination of a public-to-private liquidity adjustment factor, generally through calibration to transaction prices in the subject investment instrument. This method generally produces a range of multiplier values and we generally select the midpoint of the range for fair value measures. 
 77 

The following table illustrates the impact of our fair value measures if we selected the low or high end of the range for all investments at December 31, 2022, (in thousands): Fair Value at December 31, 2022 Range of Fair Value Investment Type 
 Low-end High-end Debt investments: Senior Secured 311,636 306,767 316,920 Subordinated 1,226 122 2,329 Structured Finance Securities: Subordinated notes 53,807 51,027 56,590 Mezzanine debt 26,412 26,071 26,753 Loan accumulation facility 8,299 8,098 8,500 Equity investments: Preferred equity 8,196 7,476 8,868 Common equity, warrants and other 91,000 84,355 96,944 500,576 483,916 516,904 
 
 Related Party Transactions 
 We have entered into a number of business relationships with affiliated or related parties, including the following: 
 The Investment Advisory Agreement with OFS Advisor to manage our operating and investment activities. Under the Investment Advisory Agreement we have agreed to pay OFS Advisor an annual base management fee based on the average value of our total assets (other than cash and cash equivalents but including assets purchased with borrowed amounts and including assets owned by any consolidated entity) as well as an incentive fee based on our investment performance. See Item 1 Management and Other Agreements and Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 3 . 
 The Administration Agreement with OFS Services, an affiliate of OFS Advisor, to provide us with the office facilities and administrative services necessary to conduct our operations. See Item 1 Management and Other Agreements and Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 3 . 
 A license agreement with OFSAM, the parent company of OFS Advisor, under which OFSAM has agreed to grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name OFS. Under this agreement, we have a right to use the OFS name for so long as OFS Advisor or one of its affiliates remains our investment adviser. Other than with respect to this limited license, we have no legal right to the OFS name. This license agreement will remain in effect for so long as the Investment Advisory Agreement with OFS Advisor is in effect. 
 Effective from January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2022, OFS Advisor agreed to reduce the base management fee attributable to all of the OFSCC-FS Assets (excluding cash). The agreement reduced the base management fee to 0.25 per quarter (1.00 annualized) of the average value of the OFSCC-FS Assets (excluding cash), at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters. OFS Advisor s base management fee reduction is renewable on an annual basis and OFS Advisor is not entitled to recoup the amount of the base management fee reduced with respect to the OFSCC-FS Assets. This agreement was renewed for the 2023 calendar year on January 11, 2023. 
 OFS Advisor s services under the Investment Advisory Agreement are not exclusive to us and OFS Advisor is free to furnish similar services to other entities, including other BDCs managed by OFS Advisor, so long as its services to us are not impaired. OFS Advisor also serves as the investment adviser to various clients, including HPCI and OCCI. Additionally, OFS Advisor provides sub-advisory services to CMFT Securities Investments, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of CIM Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc., a corporation that qualifies as a real estate investment trust, and to CIM Real Assets Credit Fund, an externally managed registered investment company that operates as an interval fund that invests primarily in a combination of real estate, credit and related investments. 
 The 1940 Act generally prohibits BDCs from knowingly participating in certain transactions with their affiliates without the prior approval of their independent directors and, in some cases, of the SEC. Those transactions include purchases and sales, and so-called joint transactions, in which a BDC and one or more of its affiliates engage in certain types of profit-making activities. Any person that owns, directly or indirectly, five percent or more of a BDC s outstanding voting securities 
 78 

will be considered an affiliate of the BDC for purposes of the 1940 Act, and a BDC generally is prohibited from engaging in purchases from, sales of assets to, or joint transactions with, such affiliates, absent the prior approval of the BDC s independent directors. Additionally, without the approval of the SEC, a BDC is prohibited from engaging in purchases from, sales of assets to, or joint transactions with, the BDC s officers, directors, and employees, and advisor (and its control affiliates). 
 BDCs may, however, invest alongside certain related parties or their respective other clients in certain circumstances where doing so is consistent with current law and SEC staff interpretations. For example, a BDC may invest alongside such accounts consistent with guidance promulgated by the SEC staff permitting the BDC and such other accounts to purchase interests in a single class of privately placed securities so long as certain conditions are met, including that the BDC s advisor, acting on the BDC s behalf and on behalf of other clients, negotiates no term other than price. Co-investment with such other accounts is not permitted or appropriate under this guidance when there is an opportunity to invest in different securities of the same issuer or where the different investments could be expected to result in a conflict between the BDC s interests and those of other accounts. 
 The 1940 Act generally prohibits BDCs from making certain negotiated co-investments with certain affiliates absent an order from the SEC permitting the BDC to do so. On August 4, 2020, we received the Order, which superseded a previous order that we received on October 12, 2016, and provides us with greater flexibility to enter into co-investment transactions with Affiliated Funds in a manner consistent with our investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors, subject to compliance with certain conditions. We are generally permitted to co-invest with Affiliated Funds if under the terms of the Order, a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our independent directors make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to us and our stockholders and do not involve overreaching in respect of us or our stockholders on the part of any person concerned and (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of our stockholders and is consistent with our investment objective and strategies. 
 In addition, we may file an application for an amendment to our existing Order to permit us to participate in follow-on investments in our existing portfolio companies with private funds that do not hold any investments in such existing portfolio companies in such existing portfolio companies. However, if filed, there is no guarantee that such application will be granted. 
 Conflicts may arise when we make an investment in conjunction with an investment being made by an Affiliated Account, or in a transaction where an Affiliated Account has already made an investment. Investment opportunities are, from time to time, appropriate for more than one account in the same, different or overlapping securities of a portfolio company s capital structure. Conflicts arise in determining the terms of investments, particularly where these accounts may invest in different types of securities in a single portfolio company. Questions arise as to whether payment obligations and covenants should be enforced, modified or waived, or whether debt should be restructured, modified or refinanced. See Item 1. Business Regulations Conflicts of Interest and Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to OFS Advisor and its Affiliates We have potential conflicts of interest related to the purchases and sales that OFS Advisor makes on our behalf and/or on behalf of Affiliated Accounts . 
 Portfolio Composition and Investment Activity 
 Our portfolio consists of debt and equity investments, as well as indirect investments in such securities through investment in other investment companies including Structured Finance Securities. 
 Portfolio Composition. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of our debt investment portfolio totaled 312.9 million in 52 portfolio companies, of which 99.6 and 0.4 were senior secured loans and subordinated loans, respectively, and our equity investments in 16 portfolio companies totaled 99.2 million. We also have 23 investments in Structured Finance Securities with a fair value of 88.5 million. 
 79 

The following table presents our investment portfolio by each wholly owned legal entity within the consolidated group as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value OFS Capital Corporation (Parent) 195,823 162,308 157,190 150,254 SBIC I LP 97,214 167,211 125,584 183,524 OFSCC-FS 178,460 168,050 171,101 170,132 OFSCC-MB 3,383 3,007 3,437 3,189 Total investments 474,880 500,576 457,312 507,099 
 Portfolio Yields . The following table presents weighted-average yield metrics for our portfolio: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Weighted-average performing income yield (1) : 
 Debt investments 9.5 9.5 Structured Finance Securities 15.1 16.3 Interest-bearing investments 10.7 10.6 Weighted-average realized yield : 
 Interest-bearing investments (2) 
 10.0 9.7 
 (1) Income yield is calculated as (a) the actual amount earned on performing investments, including interest, prepayment fees and amortization of Net Loan Fees, divided by (b) the weighted-average of total performing investments amortized cost . 
 (2) Realized yield computed as a) the actual amount earned on interest-bearing investments, including interest, prepayment fees and Net Loan Fees, divided by (b) the weighted-average of total interest-bearing investments amortized cost , in each case, including debt investments in non-accrual status and non-income producing Structured Finance Securities. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the increase in our weighted-average realized yields was primarily due to rising interest rates as floating rate loans comprised 94 of our loan investment portfolio at fair value. 
 The weighted average yield of our investments is not the same as a return on investment for our stockholders, but rather the gross investment income from our investment portfolio before the payment of all of our fees and expenses. There can be no assurance that the weighted average yield will remain at its current level. 
 Debt and Equity Investments . The following table summarizes the composition of our debt and equity investments by type as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollar amounts in thousands): December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Senior secured debt investments 335,558 311,636 336,132 326,704 Subordinated debt investments 13,890 1,226 22,071 17,943 Preferred equity 9,966 8,196 9,552 3,765 Common equity, warrants and other 12,989 91,000 14,606 83,486 Total debt and equity investments 372,403 412,058 382,361 431,898 Number of portfolio companies 63 63 70 70 
 Approximately 76 of our debt investments at fair value are senior securities of the borrower, rather than in the subordinated securities, preferred equity or common equity. We believe the seniority of our debt investments in the borrowers capital structures may provide greater downside protection against adverse economic changes, including those caused by the impacts of rising interest and inflation rates, the risk of recession and related market volatility, the continuing COVID-19 pandemic and the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our common equity in Pfanstiehl Holdings, Inc., based on its fair value of 85.5 million, 85.2 million of which represents unrealized appreciation, accounted for 17 of our total portfolio at fair value, or 47 of total 
 80 

net assets. A deterioration in the operating performance of the company or other factors underlying the valuation of this investment could have a material impact on our NAV. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the three largest industries of our debt and equity investments by fair value, were (1) Manufacturing (27.9 ), (2) Health Care and Social Assistance (16.0 and (3) Wholesale Trade (13.5 totaling approximately 57.4 of the investment portfolio. For a full summary of our investment portfolio by industry, see Note 4 , Investments to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. 
 The following table presents our ten largest debt and equity investments by portfolio company based on fair value as of December 31, 2022 (dollar amounts in thousands): Portfolio Company Type Amortized Cost Fair Value of Total Portfolio, at Fair Value Pfanstiehl Holdings, Inc. Equity 217 85,456 17.1 All Star Auto Lights, Inc. Debt 27,752 27,820 5.6 Milrose Consultants, LLC Debt 27,621 27,148 5.4 The Escape Game, LLC Debt 16,302 16,497 3.3 Tolemar Acquisition, Inc. Debt 15,873 15,942 3.2 Kreg, LLC Debt 16,444 15,604 3.1 Inergex Holdings, LLC Debt 14,596 14,868 3.0 SSJA Bariatric Management, LLC Debt 13,299 13,119 2.6 One GI, LLC Debt 11,240 10,647 2.1 Boca Home Care Holdings, Inc. Debt and Equity 10,748 10,252 2.0 Total 154,092 237,353 47.4 
 Structured Finance Securities . The following table summarizes our Structured Finance Securities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, (dollar amounts in thousands): December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Subordinated notes 65,870 53,807 63,791 63,922 Mezzanine debt 28,107 26,412 2,660 2,779 Loan accumulation facility 8,500 8,299 8,500 8,500 Total Structured Finance Securities 102,477 88,518 74,951 75,201 Number of Structured Finance Securities 23 23 17 17 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we increased our holdings in mezzanine debt securities to take advantage of attractive yields in the current rising interest rate environment, which we believe represents less risk than subordinated notes due to their more senior position in the CLO capital structure. 
 81 

Investment Activity. The following is a summary of our cash investment activity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollar amounts in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Investments in debt and equity securities 111.0 238.5 Investments in Structured Finance Securities 43.2 30.4 Total investments 154.2 268.9 Proceeds from principal payments 88.7 200.7 Proceeds from investments sold or redeemed 46.6 52.8 Proceeds from distributions received from Structured Finance Securities 12.2 12.7 Total proceeds from principal payments, sales and distributions from Structured Finance Securities 147.5 266.2 
 Non-cash Investment Activity . 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 
 On October 3, 2022, we made an additional 1.0 million equity investment in Eblens Holdings, Inc. as part of its restructuring, which resulted in Eblens Holdings, Inc. becoming a control investment. As part of the restructuring, we wrote-off our 0.7 million initial 2017 common equity investment and bifurcated our 9.30 million non-accrual subordinated debt investment into two 4.65 million subordinated debt investments which remain on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2022. 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 On December 31, 2021, our debt and equity investments in Envocore Holdings, LLC were restructured, pursuant to which we converted our 17.2 million senior secured debt investment into two 6.4 million senior secured debt investments and preferred equity. Our Series B and Series C preferred equity investments in Envocore Holdings, LLC were subsequently cancelled in the restructuring; therefore, we recognized a realized loss of 0.3 million on the cancellation, of which 0.3 million was included as an unrealized loss as of December 31, 2020. 
 Our level of investment activity may vary substantially from period to period depending on various factors, including, but not limited to, the amount of debt and equity capital available to middle-market companies, the level of merger and acquisition activity, the general economic environment and the competitive environment for the types of investments we make. 
 Risk Monitoring 
 We categorize debt investments into seven risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt. For additional information regarding our risk categories, see Item 1. Business Portfolio Review/Risk Monitoring. The following table shows the classification of our debt investments portfolio by risk category as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollar amounts in thousands): As of December 31, 2022 2021 Risk Category Debt Investments, at Fair Value of Debt Investments Debt Investments, at Fair Value of Debt Investments 1 (Low Risk) 2 (Below Average Risk) 3 (Average) 288,170 92.2 324,370 94.2 4 (Special Mention) 17,218 5.5 12,550 3.6 5 (Substandard) 7,352 2.3 7,027 2.0 6 (Doubtful) 122 699 0.2 7 (Loss) 312,862 100.0 344,646 100.0 
 Non-Accrual Loans 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 At December 31, 2022, we had five loans on non-accrual status with respect to all interest and Net Loan Fee amortization, with an aggregate amortized cost and fair value of 36.5 million and 11.2 million, respectively. 
 82 

As of December 31, 2021 
 At December 31, 2021, we had two loans on non-accrual status with respect to all interest and Net Loan Fee amortization, with an aggregate amortized cost and fair value of 19.1 million and 7.7 million, respectively. 
 Results of Operations 
 Key Financial Measures. The following is a discussion of the key financial measures that management employs in reviewing the performance of our operations. 
 Net Investment Income . Total investment income less total expenses NII is a key performance metric in obtaining part of our investment objective of providing current income to stockholders. NII can be a general indicator of ICTI and the amount of distributions that will be required to be made due to RIC requirements. One of our main objectives is to increase NII, and, in turn, increase distributions to stockholders. 
 Net Gain (Loss) on Investments. Net gain (loss) on investments consists of the sum of: (a) realized gains and losses from the sale of debt or equity securities, or the redemption of equity securities; and (b) net unrealized appreciation or depreciation on debt and equity investments, net of applicable taxes to the extent the investments are held through taxable wholly owned subsidiaries. In the period in which a realized gain or loss is recognized, such gain or loss will generally be offset by the reversal of previously recognized unrealized appreciation or depreciation, and the net gain (loss) recognized in that period will generally be smaller. The unrealized appreciation or depreciation on debt securities is also reversed when those investments are redeemed or paid off prior to maturity. In such instances, the reversal of accumulated unrealized appreciation or depreciation will be reported as a net loss or gain, respectively, and may be partially offset by the acceleration of any premium or discount on the debt security, which is reported in interest income, and any prepayment fees on the debt security, which is reported in fee income. 
 Net Asset Value : NAV is a key performance metric related to our investment objective to provide our stockholders with both current income and capital appreciation primarily through debt investments and, to a lesser extent, equity investments. The net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations can vary substantially from period to period for various reasons, including the recognition of realized gains and losses and unrealized appreciation and depreciation. As a result, annual comparisons of net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations may not be meaningful. 
 Portfolio Yield : Portfolio yield is a key financial metric of our investment portfolio in order to achieve our investment objective of providing current income to stockholders. See Portfolio Composition and Investment Activity Portfolio Yields for additional information. 
 We do not believe that our historical operating performance is necessarily indicative of our future results of operations that we expect to report in future periods. Our investment strategy is to maintain a leveraged credit investment portfolio, primarily focused on investments in middle-market companies in the United States, including debt investments and, to a lesser extent, equity investments, including warrants and other minority equity securities. Moreover, as a BDC and a RIC, we are also subject to certain constraints on our operations, including, but not limited to, limitations imposed by the 1940 Act and the Code. In addition, SBIC I LP is subject to regulation and oversight by the SBA. For the reasons described above, the results of operations described below may not necessarily be indicative of the results we expect to report in future periods. 
 83 

Comparison of years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Consolidated operating results for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows (in thousands): Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Investment income Interest income: Cash interest income 33,270 28,321 33,987 PIK interest income 523 1,526 1,527 Net Loan Fee amortization 1,726 2,665 1,584 Accretion of interest income on CLO subordinated notes 10,656 9,861 5,877 Other interest income 83 11 69 Total interest income 46,258 42,384 43,044 Dividend income: Cash dividends 947 2,024 450 Preferred equity PIK dividends 466 143 505 Total dividend income 1,413 2,167 955 Fee income: Management and syndication 393 2,235 745 Prepayment and other fees 680 977 731 Total fee income 1,073 3,212 1,476 Total investment income 48,744 47,763 45,475 Total expenses, net of incentive fee waiver 30,392 34,313 33,180 Net investment income 18,352 13,450 12,295 Net gain (loss) on investments (25,794) 48,005 (6,704) Loss on extinguishment of debt (144) (4,591) (820) Loss on impairment of goodwill (1,077) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations (7,586) 56,864 3,694 
 Comparison of investment income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 Total interest income increased approximately 3.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, primarily due to an increase in our portfolios weighted-average realized yield from 9.7 to 10.0 . Due to the current rising interest environment, our debt investments effective yield continually increased throughout 2022. We believe our loan portfolio will continue to produce strong results and perform well in the current interest rate environment. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, interest income on Structured Finance Securities increased 3.5 million compared to the prior year, primarily due to additional investments of 43.2 million during the year. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized total PIK income of 1.0 million, which represented only 2.0 of total investment income. During the year ended December 31, 2022, total PIK income decreased 0.7 million compared to the prior year. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, dividend income decreased 0.8 million compared to the prior year, primarily due to a 1.1 million decrease in cash dividends. The decrease in cash dividends was primarily due to a reduction in dividends received from Pfanstiehl Holdings, Inc. 
 Prepayment fees and syndication fees generally result from periodic transactions rather than from holding portfolio investments and are considered non-recurring. During the years ended December 31, 2022, total fee income decreased 2.1 million compared to the prior year, primarily due to a decrease of 1.8 million in syndication fees. We receive syndication fees on investments where OFS Advisor is the lead agent and is additionally compensated for structuring and arranging the lending group. 
 Comparison of investment income for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 . 
 Total interest income decreased approximately 0.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to a 35.9 million decrease in the average outstanding loan balance, partially offset by a 42 basis point increase in the weighted-average yield in our debt portfolio. 
 Other than acceleration of Net Loan Fees recognized upon the repayment of a loan, we consider our interest income on debt investments and Structured Finance Securities to be recurring in nature. Acceleration of Net Loan Fees from the repayment 
 84 

of loans prior to their scheduled due dates of 1.6 million and 0.2 million were included in interest income for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2021, accretion of interest income on Structured Finance Securities increased 4.0 million compared to the prior year primarily due to an increase in the weighted-average amount invested in subordinated notes from 35.0 million at December 31, 2020 to 59.1 million at December 31, 2021. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, total PIK income decreased 0.4 million compared to the prior year and remained under 5 of total investment income. For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash and PIK interest of 1.7 million and 2.1 million, respectively, was not recognized in income due to reasonable doubt whether it would be collected. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, dividend income increased 1.2 million primarily due to a 1.0 million dividend from Pfanstiehl Holdings, Inc. 
 Prepayment fees and syndication fees generally result from periodic transactions rather than from holding portfolio investments and are considered non-recurring. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we recognized prepayment fees of 0.8 million and 0.6 million, respectively. We recognized syndication fees of 2.2 million and 0.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We receive syndication fees on investments where OFS Advisor is the lead agent and is additionally compensated for structuring and arranging the lending group. 
 Expenses. Operating expenses for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, are presented below (in thousands): Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest expense 17,025 17,515 18,808 Management fees 7,979 7,669 7,605 Income Incentive Fee, net of waiver 2,276 2,352 1,584 Capital Gains Fee (1,916) 1,916 Professional fees 1,608 1,670 1,993 Administration fee 1,742 1,758 1,855 Other expenses 1,678 1,433 1,335 Total expenses, net of waivers 30,392 34,313 33,180 
 Comparison of expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 Interest expense decreased by 0.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to a decrease in the weighted-average interest costs from 5.1 to 4.8 . The decrease in our weighted-average interest costs was primarily due to the refinancing of certain Unsecured Notes during 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we issued 180.0 million in Unsecured Notes with a weighted-average effective yield of 5.4 , and redeemed 177.9 million in Unsecured Notes with a weighted-average effective yield of 6.9 . 
 Management fee expense increased by 0.3 million due to an increase in our average total assets, primarily due to our average investment portfolio at fair value increasing from 485.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 to 525.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Capital Gains Fee decreased 3.8 million compared to the prior year due to the full reversal of the prior years accrued Capital Gains Fee. The previously accrued Capital Gains Fee during the year end December 31, 2021 was neither contractually due nor payable under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, professional fees, administration fees and other expenses remained relatively steady compared to the prior year, increasing approximately 0.2 million. 
 Comparison of expenses for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 . 
 Interest expense decreased by 1.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to a decrease in the weighted-average interest costs from 5.4 to 5.1 . During the year ended December 31, 2021, we reduced our weighted-average interest costs by redeeming Unsecured Notes with a weighted-average interest cost of 6.9 and issuing Unsecured Notes with a weighted-average interest cost of 5.4 . See Item 8. Financial Statements Note 7 for details. 
 85 

Management fee expense increased by 0.1 million due to an increase in our average total assets, primarily due to our investment portfolio at fair value increasing from 442.3 million at December 31, 2020 to 507.1 million at December 31, 2021. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Income Incentive Fee expense increased 0.8 million, or 0.4 million prior to the waiver in the first quarter of 2020, compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 due to an increase in net investment income. During the year ended December 31, 2021, net investment income increased, primarily due to additional dividend and syndication fee income, as well as a decrease in interest expense. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Capital Gains Fee increased 1.9 million compared to the prior year primarily due to net unrealized appreciation of 49.8 million on the investment portfolio at December 31, 2021, partially offset by cumulative net realized losses of 40.2 million. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, professional fees decreased 0.3 million primarily due to a decrease in external valuation costs. 
 Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments. Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments, by investment type, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, are presented below (in thousands): Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Senior secured debt (16,418) 9,698 (16,134) Subordinated debt (8,536) 2,538 (16,388) Preferred equity 3,945 5,202 (2,708) Common equity, warrants and other 9,242 31,794 26,170 Structured Finance Securities (14,209) (314) 2,081 Income tax expense (benefit) on net realized investment gains (losses) 155 (1,027) Deferred income tax benefit 27 114 275 Net gain (loss) on investments (25,794) 48,005 (6,704) 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, our portfolio experienced net losses of 25.8 million, primarily related to unrealized depreciation of 23.0 million and 14.2 million on our debt investments and Structured Finance Securities, respectively, offset by unrealized appreciation of 13.1 million on our equity investments. The unrealized depreciation on our debt investments and Structured Finance Securities was primarily due to the widening of liquid credit market spreads. Company specific performance factors on a few non-accrual investments also contributed to the unrealized depreciation on our debt investments. Our common equity investment in Pfanstiehl Holdings, Inc. experienced unrealized gains of 19.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized realized losses of 1.9 million, primarily on the sale of 44.3 million of Broadly Syndicated Loans. 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, our portfolio experienced net gains of 48.0 million, primarily due to unrealized appreciation of 32.7 million on our equity investments. Our common equity investment in Pfanstiehl Holdings, Inc. experienced unrealized gains of 29.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, our portfolio experienced net losses of 6.7 million, primarily related to unrealized depreciation on our loan portfolio of 22.5 million, offset by 23.8 million of unrealized appreciation on our equity investments. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized realized losses of 10.0 million, primarily related to the 9.1 million loss on the restructuring of our debt investment in Constellis Holdings, LLC. Our common equity investment in Pfanstiehl Holdings, Inc. experienced unrealized gains of 24.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Loss on Impairment of Goodwill. 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 
 On December 4, 2013, in connection with the acquisition of the remaining ownership interests in SBIC I LP and SBIC I GP, LLC, making SBIC I LP a wholly owned subsidiary, we recorded goodwill of 1.1 million. The decline in the price of our common stock and the level at which it traded relative to the broader stock indices for the BDC industry, led us to conclude in the third quarter of 2020 that an impairment in the value of our goodwill was more likely than not. Moreover, due to the 
 86 

discount at which our stock traded to its NAV we concluded it was appropriate that the impairment of goodwill equal the full amount of its carrying value of 1.1 million. The loss on impairment of goodwill did not impact our management or incentive fees. 
 Losses on Extinguishment of Debt. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we redeemed 19.0 million of SBA debentures and, as a result, we recognized losses on extinguishment of debt of 0.1 million related to the acceleration of unamortized deferred borrowing costs on the redeemed debentures. 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we redeemed 35.4 million of SBA debentures that were contractually due September 1, 2022, September 1, 2024 and September 1, 2025. We recognized losses on extinguishment of debt of 0.3 million related to the charge-off of deferred borrowing costs on the redeemed debentures. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we redeemed 177.9 million of Unsecured Notes that were contractually due in 2023, 2025 and 2026. We recognized losses on extinguishment of debt of 4.3 million related to the charge-off of deferred borrowing costs on the redeemed notes. 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, we redeemed 44.6 million of SBA debentures that were contractually due September 1, 2023, March 1, 2024 and September 1, 2024. We recognized losses on extinguishment of debt of 0.7 million related to the charge-off of deferred borrowing costs on the redeemed debentures. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the BLA with Pacific Western Bank was amended to reduce the total commitment under the PWB Credit Facility from 100.0 million to 20.0 million. We recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of 0.1 million related to the charge-off of deferred borrowing costs on the commitment reduction. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measure Adjusted Net Investment Income 
 On a supplemental basis, we disclose Adjusted NII (including on a per share basis), which is a financial measure calculated and presented on basis other than in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted NII represents net investment income, excluding the capital gains incentive fee, in periods in which such expense occurs. GAAP requires recognition of a capital gains incentive fee in our financial statements when aggregate net realized and unrealized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis is positive from the date of the election to be a BDC through the reporting date. Such fees are subject to further conditions specified in the Investment Advisory Agreement, principally related to the realization of such net gains, before OFS Advisor is entitled to payment, and such recognized fees are subject to the risk of reversal should unrealized gains diminish to become losses. Management believes that Adjusted NII is a useful indicator of operations exclusive of any net capital gains incentive fee, as net investment income does not include the net gains, realized or unrealized, associated with the capital gains incentive fee. 
 Management believes Adjusted NII facilitates the analysis of our results of operations and provides greater transparency into the determination of incentive fees. Adjusted NII is not meant as a substitute for net investment income determined in accordance with GAAP and should be considered in the context of the entirety of our reported results of operations, financial position and cash flows determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation from net investment income (the most comparable GAAP measure) to Adjusted NII for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (000's) Per Share (000's) Per Share Net investment income 
 18,352 1.37 13,450 1.00 Capital Gains Fee 
 (1,916) (0.14) 1,916 0.14 Adjusted NII 
 16,436 1.23 15,366 1.14 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Capital Gains Fee of 1.9 million was primarily due to net unrealized appreciation of 49.8 million on the investment portfolio at December 31, 2021, partially offset by cumulative net realized losses of 40.2 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we reversed the previously accrued Capital Gains Fees of 1.9 million due to a reduction in net unrealized appreciation on the investment portfolio. 
 87 

Although these non-GAAP financial measures are intended to enhance investors understanding of our business and performance, these non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered an alternative to GAAP. 
 
 Comparison of the three months ended December 31, 2022 and September 30, 2022. Consolidated operating results for the three months ended December 31, 2022 and September 30, 2022, are as follows (in thousands): Three Months Ended December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 Investment income Interest income: Cash interest income 9,954 9,020 PIK interest income 92 104 Net Loan Fee amortization 408 541 Accretion of interest income on CLO subordinated notes 3,009 2,862 Other interest income 56 23 Total interest income 13,519 12,550 Dividend income: Preferred equity PIK dividends 236 230 Cash dividends 136 49 Total dividend income 372 279 Fee income: Management and syndication 136 Prepayment and other fees 107 403 Total fee income 107 539 Total investment income 13,998 13,368 Total expenses 9,272 8,996 Net investment income 4,726 4,372 Net loss on investments (2,292) (13,930) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 2,434 (9,558) 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, total interest income increased 1.0 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2022, primarily due to an increase in our weighted-average realized yield to 11.7 from 10.8 in the prior quarter. The increase in the weighted-average realized yield was primarily due to the increase in LIBOR and SOFR base rates on our debt investments. 
 Expenses. Operating expenses for the three months ended December 31, 2022 and September 30, 2022 are presented below (in thousands): Three Months Ended December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 Interest expense 4,801 4,657 Management fees 1,918 1,986 Income Incentive Fee 1,183 1,093 Professional fees 453 396 Administration fees 433 435 Other expenses 484 429 Total expenses 9,272 8,996 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, total expenses increased 0.3 million compared to the prior quarter, primarily due to an increase in interest expense related to SOFR rate increases on our BNP Facility. During the three months ended December 31, 2022, other expenses increased primarily due to the accrual of excise taxes. 
 88 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments. Net gain (loss) by investment type for the three months ended December 31, 2022 and September 30, 2022 were as follows (in thousands): Three Months Ended December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 Senior secured debt (689) (4,587) Subordinated debt (3,049) (3,029) Preferred equity 483 1,321 Common equity, warrants and other 2,779 (8,190) Structured Finance Securities (1,612) 115 Income tax (benefit) expense on net realized investment gains (losses) (210) 413 Deferred income tax benefit 6 27 Net loss on investments (2,292) (13,930) 
 Net gain (loss) on investments for the three months ended December 31, 2022 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, our portfolio experienced net losses of 2.3 million, primarily related to unrealized depreciation of 4.0 million on our debt and equity investments in a non-accrual portfolio company. 
 Net gain (loss) on investments for the three months ended September 30, 2022 
 Our portfolio experienced net losses of 13.9 million in the third quarter of 2022, primarily as a result of unrealized depreciation of 13.5 million on our debt and equity investments, which includes unrealized depreciation of 7.2 million on our Southern Technical Institute, LLC equity appreciation right investment in the post-secondary, for-profit education sector. This equity investment became impaired during the quarter ended September 30, 2022 due to an unexpected decision by the U.S. Department of Education impacting a significant source of revenue for the company. This is our only investment in the post-secondary, for-profit education sector. As of September 30, 2022, the value of our equity appreciation right in this portfolio company investment was -0-. 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2022, our four non-accrual loans experienced unrealized depreciation of 5.6 million, primarily due to unrealized depreciation of 3.0 million and 2.5 million on our debt investments in Eblens Holdings, Inc. and Envocore Holdings, LLC, respectively. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measure Adjusted Net Investment Income 
 The following table provides a reconciliation from net investment income (the most comparable GAAP measure) to Adjusted NII for the three months ended December 31, 2022 and September 30, 2022 (dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data): 
 Three Months Ended December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 (000's) Per Share (000's) Per Share Net investment income 
 4,726 0.35 4,372 0.33 Capital Gains Fee 
 Adjusted NII 
 4,726 0.35 4,372 0.33 
 
 Although these non-GAAP financial measures are intended to enhance investors understanding of our business and performance, these non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered an alternative to GAAP. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 At December 31, 2022, we held cash and cash equivalents of 14.9 million, which includes cash and cash equivalents of 8.6 million held by SBIC I LP, our wholly owned SBIC, and 3.7 million held by OFSCC-FS. Our use of cash held by SBIC I LP is restricted by SBA regulation, including limitations on the amount of cash SBIC I LP can distribute to the Parent. Under SBA regulations, any such distributions to the Parent from SBIC I LP are generally restricted to a statutory measure of undistributed accumulated earnings or regulatory capital of SBIC I LP, and may require the prior approval of the SBA. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Parent received income distributions of 9.5 million from SBIC I LP. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Parent also received a return of capital distribution of 9.5 million related to the redemption of debentures. Distributions from OFSCC-FS to the Parent are restricted by the terms and conditions of the BNP Facility. During 
 89 

the year ended December 31, 2022, the Parent received 11.1 million in cash distributions from OFSCC-FS. At December 31, 2022, the Parent had 6.8 million of cash and cash equivalents available for general corporate activities, including approximately 4.2 million and 0 million held by SBIC I LP and OFSCC-FS, respectively, that was available for distribution to the Parent. The Parent may make unsecured loans to SBIC I LP, the aggregate of which cannot exceed 35 million at any given time, and no interest may be charged on the unpaid principal balance. There were no intercompany loans between the Parent and SBIC I LP at December 31, 2022. 
 Additionally, at December 31, 2022, we had an unused commitment of 25.0 million under our PWB Credit Facility, as well as an unused commitment of 45.3 million under the BNP Facility, both of which are subject to borrowing base requirements and other covenants. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount outstanding of the senior securities issued by us was 335.6 million, for which our asset coverage was 163 . The SBA debentures are not subject to the asset coverage requirements of the 1940 Act as a result of exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC effective November 26, 2013. The asset coverage ratio for a class of senior securities representing indebtedness is calculated as our consolidated total assets, less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, divided by total senior securities representing indebtedness. Based on fair values and equity capital at December 31, 2022, we could access all unused commitments under our credit facilities and remain in compliance with our asset coverage requirements. 
 We continue to believe that we have sufficient levels of liquidity to support our existing portfolio companies, selectively deploy capital in new investment opportunities in this challenging environment and satisfy our long-term cash requirements. 
 Sources and Uses of Cash and Cash Equivalents. We generate cash through operations from net investment income and the net liquidation of portfolio investments, and use cash in our operations in the net purchase of portfolio investments. Significant variations may exist between net investment income and cash from net investment income, primarily due to the recognition of non-cash investment income, including Net Loan Fee amortization, PIK interest, and PIK dividends, which generally will not be fully realized in cash until we exit the investment, as well as accreted interest income on Structured Finance Securities, which may not coincide with cash distributions from these investments. As discussed in Item 8. Financial Statements Note 3 , we pay OFS Advisor a quarterly incentive fee with respect to our pre-incentive fee net investment income, which includes investment income that has not been received in cash. In addition, we must distribute substantially all our taxable income, which approximates, but will not always equal, the cash we generate from net investment income to maintain our RIC tax treatment. Historically, our distributions have been in excess of taxable income and we have a limited history of net taxable gains. We also obtain cash to fund investments or general corporate activities from the issuance of securities and our revolving lines of credit. These principal sources and uses of cash and liquidity are presented below (in thousands): Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash from net investment income (1) 
 14,201 15,111 11,694 Net (purchases and originations) repayments of portfolio investments (1) 
 (11,255) (27,120) 68,931 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 2,946 (12,009) 80,625 Proceeds from issuance of the Unsecured Notes, net of discounts 175,506 24,250 Redemptions of Unsecured Notes (177,850) Distributions paid to stockholders (15,385) (12,071) (11,365) Net borrowings (repayments) under revolving line of credits 4,700 67,950 (24,400) Repayment of SBA debentures (19,000) (35,350) (44,610) Payment of debt issuance costs and other financing costs (1,372) (836) (239) Net cash provided (used) by financing activities (31,057) 17,349 (56,364) Net increase (decrease) in cash (28,111) 5,340 24,261 
 (1) Net purchases and originations/repayments and sales of portfolio investments include purchase and origination of portfolio investments, proceeds from principal payments on portfolio investments, proceeds from sale or redemption of portfolio investments, changes in receivable for investments sold, payable form investments purchased as reported in our statements of cash flows, as well as the excess of proceeds from distributions received from Structured Finance Securities over accretion of 
 90 

interest income on Structured Finance Securities. Cash from net investment income includes all other cash flows from operating activities reported in our statements of cash flows. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash decreased 33.5 million compared to the prior year, primarily due to the use of 31.1 million in financing activities. Our net cash used by financing activities primarily related to the redemption of 19.0 million in SBA debentures and 15.4 million of distributions paid to stockholders, respectively. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, cash increased 5.3 million compared to the prior year, primarily due to additional debt borrowings, partially offset by an increase in purchases of portfolio investments. 
 Borrowings 
 SBA Debentures . SBIC I LP has a SBIC license that allowed it to obtain leverage by issuing SBA-guaranteed debentures. These debentures are non-recourse to us, and bear interest payable semi-annually. The following table shows our outstanding SBA debentures payable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollar amounts in thousands): SBA debentures outstanding Pooling Date Maturity Date Fixed Interest Rate December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 March 25, 2015 March 1, 2025 2.872 50,920 65,920 September 23, 2015 September 1, 2025 3.184 4,000 SBA debentures outstanding 50,920 69,920 Unamortized debt issuance costs (223) (555) SBA debentures outstanding, net of unamortized debt issuance costs 50,697 69,365 
 As part of our plans to focus on providing first lien senior secured loans to larger borrowers, which we believe will improve our overall risk profile, SBIC I LP is repaying over time its outstanding SBA debentures prior to their scheduled maturity dates. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, SBIC I LP redeemed 19.0 million of SBA debentures that were contractually due March 1, 2025 and September 1, 2025. We recognized losses on extinguishment of debt of 0.1 million related to the charge-off of deferred borrowing costs on the prepaid debentures. 
 On March 1, 2023, SBIC I LP prepaid 5.0 million of SBA debentures that were contractually due March 1, 2025. 
 SBIC I LP is periodically examined and audited by the SBA s staff to determine its compliance with SBA regulations. If SBIC I LP fails to comply with applicable SBA regulations, the SBA could, depending on the severity of the violation, limit or prohibit SBIC I LP s use of debentures, declare outstanding debentures immediately due and payable, and/or limit SBIC I LP from making new investments. 
 PWB Credit Facility . We are party to a BLA with Pacific Western Bank, as lender, to provide us with a senior secured revolving credit facility, or PWB Credit Facility. The PWB Credit Facility is available for general corporate purposes including investment funding. The maximum availability of the PWB Credit Facility is equal to 50 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of eligible loans included in the borrowing base, which excludes subordinated loan investments (as defined in the BLA) and as otherwise specified in the BLA. The PWB Credit Facility is guaranteed by OFSCC-MB and secured by all of our current and future assets excluding assets held by SBIC I LP, OFSCC-FS, and the Company s partnership interests in SBIC I LP and SBIC I GP. 
 At December 31, 2022, the BLA contained customary terms and conditions, including, without limitation, affirmative and negative covenants such as information reporting requirements, a minimum tangible NAV, a minimum quarterly net investment income after incentive fees, and a maximum ratio of total liabilities divided by NAV. The BLA also contained customary events of default, including, without limitation, nonpayment, misrepresentation of representations and warranties in a material respect, breach of covenant, cross-default to other indebtedness, bankruptcy, change in investment advisor, and the occurrence of a material adverse change in our financial condition. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the applicable covenants. 
 91 

As of December 31, 2022, the terms of the PWB Credit Facility were as follows (dollar amounts in thousands): Maximum Availability Floor Rate Interest Rate Unused Fee Maturity Date PWB Credit Facility 25,000 4.00 Prime + 0.25 0.50 February 28, 2024 
 As of December 31, 2022, availability under the PWB Credit Facility was 25.0 million, based on the stated advance rate of 50 under the borrowing base, and a 0 outstanding balance. 
 On February 17, 2021, we executed an amendment to the BLA with Pacific Western Bank. The amendment, among other things: (i) increased the maximum amount available under the PWB Credit Facility from 20.0 million to 25.0 million; (ii) decreased the interest rate floor from 5.25 per annum to 5.00 per annum; (iii) modified certain financial performance covenants; and (iv) extended the maturity date from February 28, 2021 to February 28, 2023. 
 On November 15, 2021, we executed an amendment to the BLA with Pacific Western Bank to decrease the interest rate floor from 5.0 to 4.0 , effective as of November 1, 2021. 
 On April 22, 2022, we amended the PWB Credit Facility to: (i) increase the maximum amount available under the PWB Credit Facility from 25.0 million to 35.0 million; and (ii) extend the maturity date of the PWB Credit Facility from February 28, 2023 to February 28, 2024. 
 On December 15, 2022, we amended the PWB Credit Facility to: (i) reduce the maximum amount available under the PWB Credit Facility from 35.0 million to 25.0 million; and (ii) eliminate the No Net Losses covenant, which restricted net losses (defined as income after adjustments to the investment portfolio for gains and losses, realized and unrealized, also shown as net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations) in more than two quarters during the prior four quarters then ended. 
 BNP Facility . On June 20, 2019, we entered into the a revolving credit and security agreement by and among OFSCC-FS, the lenders from time to time parties thereto, BNP Paribas, as administrative agent, OFSCC-FS Holdings, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, as equityholder, the Company, as servicer, Citibank, N.A., as collateral agent and Virtus Group, LP, as collateral administrator, which provides for borrowings in an aggregate principal amount up to 150.0 million. Borrowings under the BNP Facility bear interest of SOFR plus an applicable spread, which is determined on the basis of industry-recognized portfolio company metrics at the time of funding. The BNP Facility also contains customary events of default, including, without limitation, nonpayment, failure to maintain valid ownership interest in all of the collateral and bankruptcy. Borrowings under the BNP Facility are secured by substantially all of the assets held by OFSCC-FS. 
 On June 24, 2022, OFSCC-FS amended the BNP Facility to, among other things: (i) extend the reinvestment period under the BNP Facility for three years from June 20, 2022 to June 20, 2025; (ii) extend the maturity date under the BNP Facility from June 20, 2024 to June 20, 2027; (iii) convert the benchmark interest rate from LIBOR to SOFR; (iv) increase the applicable margin by 0.40 on all classes of loans; and (v) increase the applicable margin floor from 1.925 to 2.65 . 
 As of December 31, 2022, the BNP Facility had the following terms and balances (dollar amounts in thousands): Principal Unused Commitment Interest Rate Maturity BNP Facility 104,700 45,300 SOFR + 2.65 June 20, 2027 
 
 Unsecured Notes . The Unsecured Notes totaled 180.0 million and 180.0 million in aggregate principal debt at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Issuances 
 On February 10, 2021, we closed the public offering of 100.0 million aggregate principal amount of our Unsecured Notes Due February 2026, and on March 18, 2021, we closed an additional public offering of 25.0 million aggregate principal amount of our Unsecured Notes Due February 2026. The total net proceeds to us from the Unsecured Notes Due February 2026, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses of 3.9 million, was approximately 121.1 million. 
 On October 28, 2021 and November 1, 2021, we closed the public offering of 55.0 aggregate principal amount of our Unsecured Notes Due October 2028, which included a full exercise of the underwriters overallotment option. The total net proceeds to us, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses of 1.4 million, was approximately 53.6 million. 
 Redemptions 
 On March 12, 2021, we redeemed all of our 50.0 million aggregate principal amount of Unsecured Notes Due April 2025 and 48.5 million aggregate principal amount of Unsecured Notes Due October 2025. 
 92 

On November 1, 2021, we redeemed all of our 25.0 million aggregate principal amount of Unsecured Notes Due September 2023. 
 On November 22, 2021, we redeemed all of our 54.3 million aggregate principal amount of Unsecured Notes Due October 2026. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized a loss on extinguishment of 4.3 million related to the charge-off of deferred borrowing costs on the redemption of Unsecured Notes. 
 The Unsecured Notes are direct unsecured obligations and rank equal in right of payment with all of our current and future unsecured indebtedness. Because the Unsecured Notes are not secured by any of our assets, they are effectively subordinated to all existing and future secured unsubordinated indebtedness (or any indebtedness that is initially unsecured as to which we subsequently grant a security interest), to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, including, without limitation, borrowings under the PWB Credit Facility and BNP Facility. 
 In order to, among other things, reduce future cash interest payments, as well as future amounts due at maturity or upon redemption, we may, from time to time, purchase the Unsecured Notes for cash in open market purchases and/or privately negotiated transactions. We will evaluate any such transactions in light of then-existing market conditions, taking into account our current liquidity, prospects for future access to capital, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved in any such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, may be material. No shares of Unsecured Notes were repurchased during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Unsecured Notes had the following terms and balances (dollar amounts in thousands): Unsecured Notes Principal Stated Interest Rate (1) 
 Effective Interest Rate (2) ) 
 Maturity (3) 
 Unsecured Notes Due February 2026 125,000 4.75 5.39 2/10/2026 Unsecured Notes Due October 2028 55,000 4.95 5.32 10/31/2028 Total 180,000 
 (1) The weighted-average fixed cash interest rate on the Unsecured Notes as of December 31, 2022 was 4.81 . 
 (2) The effective interest rate on the Unsecured Notes includes deferred debt issuance cost amortization. 
 (3) We may redeem the Unsecured Notes Due February 2026 in whole or in part at any time, or from time to time, at our option at par plus a make-whole premium, if applicable. We may redeem the Unsecured Notes Due October 2028 in whole or in part at any time, or from time to time, at our option on or after October 31, 2023. 
 The average dollar borrowings and average interest rate for all debt the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, were as follows (dollar amounts in thousands): Year ended Average Dollar Borrowings Weighted Average Interest Rate December 31, 2022 358,337 4.75 December 31, 2021 344,241 5.09 December 31, 2020 347,229 5.42 
 Other Liquidity Matters. We expect to fund the growth of our investment portfolio utilizing future equity offerings, and issuances of senior securities or future borrowings to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. On July 13, 2022, our stockholders approved a proposal to authorize us, with approval of our Board, to sell or otherwise issue shares of our common stock (during a twelve-month period) at a price below our then-current NAV per share in one or more offerings, subject to certain limitations (including that the cumulative number of shares sold pursuant to such authority does not exceed 25 of our then outstanding common stock immediately prior to each such sale). We cannot assure stockholders that our plans to raise capital will be successful. In addition, we intend to distribute to our stockholders substantially all of our taxable income in order to satisfy the requirements applicable to RICs under Subchapter M of the Code. Consequently, we may not have the funds or the ability to fund new investments or make additional investments in our portfolio companies. The illiquidity of certain portfolio investments may make it difficult for us to sell these investments when desired and, if we are required to sell these investments, we may realize significantly less than their recorded value. 
 A BDC generally is not permitted to incur indebtedness unless immediately after such borrowing it has an asset coverage ratio for total borrowings of at least 200 (i.e., the amount of debt may not exceed 50 of the value of our assets). However, Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act provides that a BDC may reduce its asset coverage ratio, provided that certain conditions are met. Specifically, Section 61(a)(2) provides that in order for a BDC whose common stock is traded on a national securities exchange to be subject to 150 asset coverage, the BDC must either obtain: (i) approval of the required majority of 
 93 

its non-interested directors who have no financial interest in the proposal, which would become effective one year after the date of such approval, or (ii) obtain stockholder approval (of more than 50 of the votes cast for the proposal at a meeting in which quorum is present), which would become effective on the first day after the date of such stockholder approval. 
 On May 3, 2018, the Board, including a required majority (as such term is defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of the Board, approved the application of Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act and, as a result, effective May 3, 2019, the asset coverage ratio test applicable to us was decreased from 200 to 150 . See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and Structure Because we received the approval of our Board, we became subject to 150 Asset Coverage effective May 3, 2019. Additionally, effective November 26, 2013, we received exemptive relief from the SEC to exclude our SBA guaranteed debentures from the definition of senior securities in the statutory asset coverage ratio under the 1940 Act. 
 This requirement limits the amount that we may borrow. To fund growth in our investment portfolio in the future, we anticipate needing to raise additional capital from various sources, including the equity markets and the securitization or other debt-related markets, which may or may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. 
 Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 14.9 million of cash and cash equivalents, as well as 25.0 million and 45.3 million of unfunded commitments under our PWB Credit Facility and BNP Facility, respectively, to meet our short-term contractual obligations. At December 31, 2022, we had 32.2 million of outstanding commitments to fund portfolio investments that can be funded with our current cash or credit facilities. Long-term contractual obligations, such as our BNP Facility that matures in 2027 and has 104.7 million outstanding at December 31, 2022, can be repaid by selling OFSCC-FS portfolio investments that have a fair value of 168.0 million at December 31, 2022. The OFSCC-FS portfolio is primarily comprised of Broadly Syndicated Loans that can be sold over a relatively short period to generate cash. We cannot, however, be certain that this source of funds will be available and upon terms acceptable to us in sufficient amounts in the future. 
 At December 31, 2022, we have 50.9 million of outstanding SBA debentures that mature in 2025, which we may repay prior to their maturity dates by using proceeds from investment repayments. The SBIC I LP investment portfolio has a fair value of 167.2 million at December 31, 2022. 
 We have entered into contracts with affiliates under which we will incur material future commitments the Investment Advisory Agreement, pursuant to which OFS Advisor has agreed to serve as our investment adviser, and the Administration Agreement, pursuant to which OFS Services has agreed to furnish us with the facilities and administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations. 
 We may become a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financial needs of our portfolio companies. These instruments may include commitments to extend credit and involve, to varying degrees, elements of liquidity and credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the balance sheet. There is no guarantee that these amounts will be funded to the borrowing party now or in the future. We continue to believe that we have sufficient levels of liquidity to support our existing portfolio companies and will meet these unfunded commitments by using our cash on hand or utilizing our available borrowings under the PWB Credit Facility and BNP Facility. 
 Distributions 
 We are taxed as a RIC under the Code. Generally, a RIC is entitled to deduct dividends it pays to its stockholders from its income to determine taxable income. Taxable income includes our taxable interest, dividend and fee income, and taxable net capital gains. Taxable income generally differs from net income for financial reporting purposes due to temporary and permanent differences in the recognition of income and expenses, and generally excludes net unrealized appreciation or depreciation, as gains or losses are not included in taxable income until they are realized. In addition, gains realized for financial reporting purposes may differ from gains included in taxable income as a result of our election to recognize gains using installment sale treatment, which generally results in the deferment of gains for tax purposes until notes or other amounts, including amounts held in escrow, received as consideration from the sale of investments are collected in cash. Taxable income includes non-cash income, such as changes in accrued and reinvested interest and dividends, which includes contractual PIK interest, and the amortization of discounts and fees. Cash collections of income resulting from contractual PIK interest and dividends or the amortization of discounts and fees generally occur upon the repayment of the loans or debt securities that include such items. Non-cash taxable income is reduced by non-cash expenses, such as realized losses and depreciation, and amortization expense. 
 Our Board maintains a variable dividend policy with the objective of distributing quarterly distributions in an amount not less than 90-100 of our taxable quarterly income or potential annual income for a particular year. In addition, during the year, we may pay a special dividend, such that we may distribute approximately all of our annual taxable income in the year it was earned, while maintaining the option to spill over our excess taxable income to a following year. We may choose to retain a portion of our taxable income in any year and pay the 4 U.S. federal excise tax on the retained amounts. For the years ended 
 94 

December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we accrued U.S. federal excise taxes of 0.1 million, 0, and 0, respectively. Each year, a statement on Form 1099-DIV identifying the source of the distribution is distributed to the Company s stockholders. 
 For a detailed description of our distributions paid for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, see Item 8. Financial Statements Note 10 . 
 Recent Developments 
 On February 28, 2023, our Board declared a distribution of 0.33 per share for the first quarter of 2022, payable on March 31, 2023 to stockholders of record as of March 24, 2023. 
 95 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates and the valuations of our investment portfolio. The economic effects of the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine, rising interest rates and the risk of recession has introduced significant volatility in the financial markets, and the effects of this volatility has impacted and could continue to impact our market risks. For additional information concerning risks and their potential impact on our business and our operating results, see Part I - 1A. Risk Factors . 
 Investment Valuation Risk 
 Because there is not a readily available market value for most of the investments in our portfolio, we value a significant portion of our portfolio investments at fair value as determined in good faith by OFS Advisor, as valuation designee, based, in part, on independent third-party valuation firms that have been engaged at the direction of OFS Advisor to assist in the valuation of each portfolio investment without a readily available market quotation. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of our investments may fluctuate from period to period. Additionally, the fair value of our investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market existed for such investments and may differ materially from the values that we may ultimately realize. Further, some investments may be subject to legal and other restrictions on resale or otherwise are less liquid than publicly traded securities. If we were required to liquidate a portfolio investment in a forced or liquidation sale, we could realize significantly less than its current fair value. See Part II - Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates as well as Notes 2 and 5 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 for more information relating to our investment valuation. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Changes in interest rates, including any further interest rate increases approved by the U.S. Federal Reserve, and rising inflation rates may affect both our cost of funding and the valuation of our investment portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, 94 of our debt investments, at fair value, bore interest at floating interest rates. Historically, the interest rates on our debt investments bearing floating interest rates have been based on a floating LIBOR, but will continue to transition away from LIBOR to SOFR, and typically contain interest rate re-set provisions that adjust applicable interest rates to current rates on a periodic basis. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our outstanding SBA debentures and Unsecured Notes bore interest at a fixed rate. Our PWB Credit Facility and BNP Facility had floating interest rate provisions based on the Prime Rate and SOFR, respectively. 
 Interest rate sensitivity refers to the change in interest income and interest expense that may result from changes in the level of interest rates. Assuming that the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, were to remain constant and that we took no actions to alter our existing interest rate sensitivity, the following tables show the annualized impact of hypothetical base rate changes in interest rates (in thousands): Basis point increase Interest income Interest expense Net change 25 2,141 (159) 1,982 50 3,043 (421) 2,622 75 3,945 (683) 3,262 100 4,848 (944) 3,904 125 5,750 (1,206) 4,544 Basis point decrease Interest income Interest expense Net change 25 (760) 364 (396) 50 (1,441) 626 (815) 75 (2,113) 888 (1,225) 100 (2,973) 1,150 (1,823) 125 (3,834) 1,411 (2,423) 
 Although we believe that the foregoing analysis is indicative of our sensitivity to interest rate changes as of December 31, 2022, it does not adjust for potential changes in the credit market, credit quality, size and composition of the assets in our portfolio, and other business developments, including borrowings under our credit facilities, that could affect net increase in net assets resulting from operations, or net income. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that actual results would not differ materially from the statement above. 
 96 

We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. Changes in interest rates affect both our cost of funding and the valuation of our investment portfolio. Our risk management systems and procedures are designed to identify and analyze our risk, to set appropriate policies and limits and to continually monitor these risks and limits by means of reliable administrative and information systems and other policies and programs. Our investment portfolio and investment income may be affected by changes in various interest rates, including the transition away from LIBOR to any one the various alternative reference rates. 
 97 

ITEM 8. Financial Statements 
 
 Index to Financial Statements Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID 
 99 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 101 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 2 02 0 
 102 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 103 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 104 
 Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 105 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 129 

98 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 OFS Capital Corporation 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of OFS Capital Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company), including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Such procedures also included confirmation of investments owned as of December 31, 2022, by correspondence with custodians, agents, or portfolio companies, or by other appropriate auditing procedures where replies were not received. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Evaluation of the fair value of Portfolio Company Investments using unobservable inputs 
 As discussed in Notes 2 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company measures its investments at fair value. For those investments where the valuation is based on less observable or unobservable inputs, the Company s determination of fair value requires more judgment. The majority of the Company s investments are debt or equity investments in a portfolio company, excluding Structured Finance Securities, (collectively, Portfolio Company Investments), valued using unobservable inputs which the Company measures using either the income approach or market approach. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of such investments was 381.2 million. 
 We identified the evaluation of the fair value of Portfolio Company Investments valued using unobservable inputs as a critical audit matter. In particular, assessing the discount rates used in the discounted cash flows valuation technique and the earnings metric multiples used in the market approach valuation technique required a high degree of subjective auditor judgment and the involvement of valuation professionals. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design of certain internal controls related to the fair value of Portfolio Company Investments using unobservable inputs. This included controls related to the development of the discount rates and earnings metric multiples used in the discounted cash flows and market approach valuation techniques, respectively. For a selection of Portfolio Company Investments, 
 99 

we compared relevant data elements used by the Company to derive the discount rates and earnings metric multiples to underlying documentation. We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in evaluating a selection of Portfolio Company Investments by developing: 
 - a market yield analysis that assessed publicly available market information such as observable market yields of comparable companies of similar credit quality for selected Portfolio Company Investments fair valued by the Company using the income approach 
 - a set of guideline public companies that assessed market information from publicly available sources, including earnings metric multiples of publicly traded comparable companies for selected Portfolio Company Investments fair valued by the Company using the market approach 
 - a fair value range for the selected Portfolio Company Investments, based upon the independent market research performed and compared the results to the Company s fair value estimates. 
 Accompanying Supplementary Information 
 We have also previously audited, in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB, the statements of assets and liabilities of the Company, including the schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the related statements of operations and cash flows for the years then ended and the related statements of changes in net assets for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2020 (none of which is presented herein), and we expressed unqualified opinions on those financial statements. The senior securities information as of December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019 included in Part II, Item 5 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company under the caption Senior Securities (the senior securities table) has been subjected to audit procedures performed in conjunction with the audits of the Company s consolidated financial statements. The senior securities table is the responsibility of the Company s management. Our audit procedures included determining whether the senior securities table reconciles to the consolidated financial statements or the underlying accounting and other records, as applicable, and performing procedures to test the completeness and accuracy of the information presented in the senior securities table. In forming our opinion on the senior securities table, we evaluated whether the senior securities table, including its form and content, is presented in conformity with the instructions to Form N-2. In our opinion, the senior securities table as of December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019 is fairly stated in all material respects in relation to the consolidated financial statements as a whole. 
 
 /s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 
 March 3, 2023 
 100 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Investments, at fair value Non-control/non-affiliate investments (amortized cost of and respectively) 
 Affiliate investments (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 Control investments (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 Total investments, at fair value (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 Cash Receivable for investments sold Interest receivable Prepaid expenses and other assets Total assets Liabilities Revolving lines of credit SBA debentures (net of deferred debt issuance costs of and , respectively) 
 Unsecured Notes (net of discounts and deferred debt issuance costs of and , respectively) 
 Interest payable Payable to investment adviser and affiliates (Note 3) Payable for investments purchased Accrued professional fees Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 6) Net Assets Preferred stock, par value of per share, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Common stock, par value of per share, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Paid-in capital in excess of par Total distributable earnings (accumulated losses) ) Total net assets Total liabilities and net assets Number of shares outstanding Net asset value per share 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 101 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Investment income Interest income: Non-control/non-affiliate investments Affiliate investments Control investments Total interest income Dividend income: Non-control/non-affiliate investments Affiliate investments Control investments Total dividend income Fee income: Non-control/non-affiliate investments Affiliate investments Control investments Total fee income Total investment income Expenses Interest and financing expense Management fees Income Incentive Fee Capital Gains Fee ) Professional fees Administration fees Other expenses Total expenses before Income Incentive Fee waiver Income Incentive Fee waiver (Note 3) ) Total expenses, net of Income Incentive Fee waiver Net investment income Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments Net realized loss on non-control/non-affiliate investments ) ) ) Net realized gain on affiliate investments Net realized gain on control investment Income tax benefit (expense) on net realized investment gains ) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on non-control/non-affiliate investments ) ) Net unrealized appreciation on affiliate investments Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on control investment ) Deferred tax benefit on net unrealized appreciation/depreciation Net gain (loss) on investments ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debts ) ) ) Loss on impairment of goodwill ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations ) 
 Net investment income per common share - basic and diluted Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations per common share - basic and diluted ) Distributions declared per common share Basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 102 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) Preferred Stock Common Stock Number of shares Par value Number of shares Par value Paid-in capital in excess of par Total distributable earnings (accumulated losses) Total net assets Balances at December 31, 2019 ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations: Net investment income Net realized losses on investments, net of taxes ) ) Unrealized appreciation on investments, net of deferred taxes Loss on extinguishment of debts ) ) Loss on impairment of goodwill ) ) Tax reclassifications of permanent differences ) Distributions to stockholders: Common stock issued from reinvestment of stockholder distributions, net of repurchases Dividends declared ) ) Net increase (decrease) for the year ended December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Balances at December 31, 2020 ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations: Net investment income Net realized losses on investments, net of taxes ) ) Unrealized appreciation on investments, net of deferred taxes Loss on extinguishment of debts ) ) Tax reclassifications of permanent differences ) Distributions to stockholders: Common stock issued from reinvestment of stockholder distributions Dividends declared ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) for the year ended December 31, 2021 ) Balances at December 31, 2021 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations: Net investment income Net realized losses on investments, net of taxes ) ) Unrealized depreciation on investments, net of deferred taxes ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debts ) ) Tax reclassifications of permanent differences ) Distributions to stockholders: Common stock issued from reinvestment of stockholder distributions Dividends declared ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Net decrease for the year ended December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) Balances at December 31, 2022 ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 103 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations ) Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Net realized loss on investments Net unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments, net of deferred taxes ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense from realized gains on investments ) Loss on extinguishment of debts Loss on impairment of goodwill Amortization and write-off of deferred offering costs Amortization of intangible asset Amortization of Net Loan Fees ) ) ) Amendment fees collected Payment-in-kind interest and dividend income ) ) ) Accretion of interest income on Structured Finance Securities ) ) ) Purchase and origination of portfolio investments ) ) ) Proceeds from principal payments on portfolio investments Proceeds from sale or redemption of portfolio investments Distributions received from Structured Finance Securities Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Interest receivable ) ) Interest payable ) Receivable for investments sold ) Payable to investment adviser and affiliates ) ) Payable for investments purchased ) ) Other assets and liabilities ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from offerings of Unsecured Notes, net of discounts Redemptions of Unsecured Notes ) Distributions paid to stockholders ) ) ) Borrowings under revolving lines of credit Repayments under revolving lines of credit ) ) ) Repayments of SBA debentures ) ) ) Payments of deferred debt issuance costs and other financing costs ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash ) Cash beginning of year Cash end of year Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: Cash paid during the period for interest Reinvestment of stockholder distributions 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company (1) Investment Type Industry Interest Rate (2) Spread Above Index (2) Initial Acquisition Date Maturity Principal Amount Amortized Cost Fair Value (3) Percent of Net Assets Non-control/Non-affiliate Investments 24 Seven Holdco, LLC (15) Temporary Help Services Senior Secured Loan L+ 1/28/2022 11/16/2027 AIDC Intermediateco 2, LLC (15) Computer Systems Design Services Senior Secured Loan SOFR+ 7/22/2022 7/22/2027 Allen Media, LLC (14) (15) Cable and Other Subscription Programming Senior Secured Loan SOFR+ 3/2/2021 2/10/2027 All Star Auto Lights, Inc. (4) (15) (21) Motor Vehicle Parts (Used) Merchant Wholesalers Senior Secured Loan L+ 12/19/2019 8/20/2025 Senior Secured Loan L+ 8/4/2022 8/20/2025 Astro One Acquisition Corporation Other Miscellaneous Nondurable Goods Merchant Wholesalers Senior Secured Loan L+ 1/31/2022 9/14/2029 Asurion, LLC (14) Communication Equipment Repair and Maintenance Senior Secured Loan L+ 6/28/2022 1/31/2028 Atlantis Holding, LLC (14) (15) Electronics and Appliance Stores Senior Secured Loan SOFR+ 3/29/2022 3/31/2029 Avison Young (22) Nonresidential Property Managers Senior Secured Loan SOFR+ 11/25/2021 1/31/2026 Senior Secured Loan (15) SOFR+ 8/19/2022 1/31/2026 
 105 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company (1) Investment Type Industry Interest Rate (2) Spread Above Index (2) Initial Acquisition Date Maturity Principal Amount Amortized Cost Fair Value (3) Percent of Net Assets BayMark Health Services, Inc. (15) Outpatient Mental Health and Substance Abuse Centers Senior Secured Loan L+ 6/10/2021 6/11/2028 Senior Secured Loan (Delayed Draw) (5) L+ 6/10/2021 6/11/2028 BCPE North Star US Holdco 2, Inc. (F/K/A Dessert Holdings) Ice Cream and Frozen Dessert Manufacturing Senior Secured Loan L+ 2/2/2022 6/8/2029 Boca Home Care Holdings, Inc. (20) Services for the Elderly and Persons with Disabilities Senior Secured Loan (15) SOFR+ 2/25/2022 2/25/2027 Senior Secured Loan (Revolver) (5) n/m (18) SOFR+ 2/25/2022 2/25/2027 ) ) Common Equity Class A units) (10) (13) 
 2/25/2022 Constellis Holdings, LLC (10) Other Justice, Public Order, and Safety Activities Common Equity common shares) 
 3/27/2020 Convergint Technologies Holdings, LLC Security Systems Services (except Locksmiths) Senior Secured Loan SOFR+ 9/28/2018 3/30/2029 Creation Technologies (15) (22) Bare Printed Circuit Board Manufacturing Senior Secured Loan L+ 9/24/2021 10/5/2028 Diamond Sports Group, LLC (14) (15) Television Broadcasting Senior Secured Loan SOFR+ 3/9/2022 5/25/2026 Senior Secured Loan (6) SOFR+ 11/19/2019 8/24/2026 
 106 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company (1) Investment Type Industry Interest Rate (2) Spread Above Index (2) Initial Acquisition Date Maturity Principal Amount Amortized Cost Fair Value (3) Percent of Net Assets East West Manufacturing (15) Fluid Power Pump and Motor Manufacturing Senior Secured Loan SOFR+ 2/11/2022 12/22/2028 Senior Secured Loan (Delayed Draw) (5) n/m (18) SOFR+ 2/11/2022 12/22/2028 ) ) Electrical Components International, Inc. Current-Carrying Wiring Device Manufacturing Senior Secured Loan L+ 4/8/2021 6/26/2026 EnergySolutions, LLC (15) Hazardous Waste Treatment and Disposal Senior Secured Loan L+ 7/8/2021 5/9/2025 Envocore Holding, LLC (F/K/A LRI Holding, LLC) (4) (19) Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors Senior Secured Loan N/A 6/30/2017 12/31/2025 Senior Secured Loan (6) (10) PIK 
 N/A 6/30/2017 12/31/2026 Senior Secured Loan (Revolver) (5) n/m (18) N/A 11/29/2021 12/31/2025 Equity Participation Rights (10) (23) 12/31/2021 Excelin Home Health, LLC (4) Home Health Care Services Senior Secured Loan cash / PIK 
 L+ 10/25/2018 9/30/2025 GGC Aerospace Topco L.P. Other Aircraft Parts and Auxiliary Equipment Manufacturing Common Equity Class A units) (10) 
 12/29/2017 Common Equity Class B units) (10) 
 12/29/2017 Honor HN Buyer Inc (15) Services for the Elderly and Persons with Disabilities Senior Secured Loan SOFR+ 10/15/2021 10/15/2027 Senior Secured Loan (Delayed Draw) (5) SOFR+ 10/15/2021 10/15/2027 Senior Secured Loan (Revolver) (5) n/m (18) SOFR+ 10/15/2021 10/15/2027 ) ) 
 107 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company (1) Investment Type Industry Interest Rate (2) Spread Above Index (2) Initial Acquisition Date Maturity Principal Amount Amortized Cost Fair Value (3) Percent of Net Assets Idera Computer and Computer Peripheral Equipment and Software Merchant Wholesalers Senior Secured Loan L+ 1/27/2022 3/2/2029 Inergex Holdings, LLC Other Computer Related Services Senior Secured Loan (11) cash / PIK 
 L+ 10/1/2018 10/1/2024 Senior Secured Loan (Revolver) (5) n/m (18) L+ 10/1/2018 10/1/2024 ) Ivanti Software, Inc. (14) (15) Software Publishers Senior Secured Loan L+ 3/26/2021 12/1/2027 JP Intermediate B, LLC (15) Drugs and Druggists' Sundries Merchant Wholesalers Senior Secured Loan L+ 1/14/2021 11/15/2025 Karman Buyer Corp (14) (15) Advertising Agencies Senior Secured Loan L+ 3/2/2022 10/28/2027 KNS Acquisition Corp. (15) Electronic Shopping and Mail-Order Houses Senior Secured Loan L+ 4/16/2021 4/21/2027 Kreg LLC (15) Other Ambulatory Health Care Services Senior Secured Loan cash / PIK 
 SOFR+ 12/20/2021 12/20/2026 Senior Secured Loan (Revolver) (5) n/m (18) SOFR+ 12/20/2021 12/20/2026 ) ) LogMeIn, Inc. (14) (15) Data Processing, Hosting, and Related Services Senior Secured Loan L+ 3/26/2021 8/31/2027 
 108 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company (1) Investment Type Industry Interest Rate (2) Spread Above Index (2) Initial Acquisition Date Maturity Principal Amount Amortized Cost Fair Value (3) Percent of Net Assets Metasource (15) All Other Business Support Services Senior Secured Loan SOFR+ 5/17/2022 5/17/2027 Senior Secured Loan (Delayed Draw) (5) n/m (18) SOFR+ 5/17/2022 5/17/2027 ) ) Milrose Consultants, LLC (4) (21) Administrative Management and General Management Consulting Services Senior Secured Loan (15) SOFR+ 7/16/2019 7/16/2025 Senior Secured Loan (Revolver) (5) SOFR+ 7/16/2019 7/16/2025 One GI LLC Offices of Other Holding Companies Senior Secured Loan (15) L+ 12/13/2021 12/22/2025 Senior Secured Loan (Delayed Draw) (5) (15) L+ 12/13/2021 12/22/2025 Senior Secured Loan (Revolver) (5) n/m (18) L+ 12/13/2021 12/22/2025 ) ) Planet Bingo, LLC (F/K/A 3rd Rock Gaming Holdings, LLC) Software Publishers Senior Secured Loan (6) N/A 3/13/2018 1/1/2024 PM Acquisition LLC All Other General Merchandise Stores Common Equity units) (10) (13) 
 9/30/2017 RC Buyer, Inc. Other Automotive Mechanical and Electrical Repair and Maintenance Senior Secured Loan L+ 6/24/2022 7/30/2029 Reception Purchaser LLC (15) Transportation and Warehousing Senior Secured Loan SOFR+ 4/28/2022 3/24/2028 RPLF Holdings, LLC (10) (13) Software Publishers Common Equity Class A units) 
 1/17/2018 
 109 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company (1) Investment Type Industry Interest Rate (2) Spread Above Index (2) Initial Acquisition Date Maturity Principal Amount Amortized Cost Fair Value (3) Percent of Net Assets RSA Security (15) Computer and Computer Peripheral Equipment and Software Merchant Wholesalers Senior Secured Loan (14) L+ 4/16/2021 4/27/2028 Senior Secured Loan L+ 4/16/2021 4/27/2029 RumbleOn, Inc. (15) (22) Other Industrial Machinery Manufacturing Senior Secured Loan L+ 8/31/2021 8/31/2026 Senior Secured Loan (Delayed Draw) (5) L+ 8/31/2021 8/31/2026 Warrants (warrants to purchase up to in common stock) 
 8/31/2021 7/25/2023 (12) Sentry Centers Holdings, LLC (10) (13) Other Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Preferred Equity Series B units) 
 9/4/2020 Signal Parent, Inc. (14) (15) New Single-Family Housing Construction (except For-Sale Builders) Senior Secured Loan L+ 3/25/2021 4/3/2028 Spring Education Group, Inc. (F/K/A SSH Group Holdings, Inc.) (15) Child Day Care Services Senior Secured Loan L+ 7/26/2018 7/30/2026 SSJA Bariatric Management LLC (15) Offices of Physicians, Mental Health Specialists Senior Secured Loan SOFR+ 8/26/2019 8/26/2024 Senior Secured Loan SOFR+ 12/31/2020 8/26/2024 Senior Secured Loan SOFR+ 12/8/2021 8/26/2024 Senior Secured Loan (Revolver) (5) n/m (18) SOFR+ 8/26/2019 8/26/2024 ) ) SS Acquisition, LLC (15) Sports and Recreation Instruction Senior Secured Loan (8) SOFR+ 12/30/2021 12/30/2026 Senior Secured Loan (Delayed Draw) (5) SOFR+ 12/30/2021 12/30/2026 
 110 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company (1) Investment Type Industry Interest Rate (2) Spread Above Index (2) Initial Acquisition Date Maturity Principal Amount Amortized Cost Fair Value (3) Percent of Net Assets Staples, Inc. (14) (15) (22) Business to Business Electronic Markets Senior Secured Loan L+ 6/24/2019 4/16/2026 STS Operating, Inc. Industrial Machinery and Equipment Merchant Wholesalers Senior Secured Loan L+ 5/15/2018 4/30/2026 The Escape Game, LLC (4) Other amusement and recreation industries Senior Secured Loan L+ 12/21/2021 12/22/2024 Senior Secured Loan (Revolver) (5) n/m (18) L+ 12/21/2021 12/22/2024 ) Thryv, Inc. (14) (15) Directory and Mailing List Publishers Senior Secured Loan L+ 2/18/2021 3/1/2026 Tolemar Acquisition, INC. (15) Motorcycle, Bicycle, and Parts Manufacturing Senior Secured Loan L+ 10/14/2021 10/14/2026 Senior Secured Loan (Revolver) (5) Prime + 10/14/2021 10/14/2026 Tony's Fresh Market / Cardenas Markets (15) Supermarkets and Other Grocery (except Convenience) Stores Senior Secured Loan SOFR+ 7/20/2022 8/1/2029 TruGreen Limited Partnership Landscaping Services Senior Secured Loan L+ 5/13/2021 11/2/2028 United Biologics Holdings, LLC (4) (10) Medical Laboratories Preferred Equity units) 
 4/16/2013 Warrants units) 
 7/26/2012 4/16/2023 (12) 
 111 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company (1) Investment Type Industry Interest Rate (2) Spread Above Index (2) Initial Acquisition Date Maturity Principal Amount Amortized Cost Fair Value (3) Percent of Net Assets Yahoo / Verizon Media (14) (15) Internet Publishing and Broadcasting and Web Search Portals Senior Secured Loan L+ 7/21/2021 9/1/2027 Total Debt and Equity Investments Structured Finance Securities (22) Apex Credit CLO 2020 (9) (16) Subordinated Notes 11/16/2020 10/20/2031 Apex Credit CLO 2021 Ltd (9) (16) Subordinated Notes 5/28/2021 7/18/2034 Apex Credit CLO 2022-1A (9) (16) Subordinated Notes 4/28/2022 4/22/2033 Ares L CLO Mezzanine Debt - Class E L+ 2/17/2022 1/15/2032 Barings CLO 2019-I Ltd. Mezzanine Debt - Class E L+ 2/23/2022 4/15/2035 Battalion CLO XI, Ltd. Mezzanine Debt - Class E L+ 4/24/2022 4/24/2034 Brightwood Capital MM CLO 2022-1, LTD (17) Loan accumulation facility 1/5/2022 12/31/2032 Dryden 53 CLO, LTD. (9) (16) 
 112 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company (1) Investment Type Industry Interest Rate (2) Spread Above Index (2) Initial Acquisition Date Maturity Principal Amount Amortized Cost Fair Value (3) Percent of Net Assets Subordinated Notes - Income 10/26/2020 1/15/2031 Subordinated Notes 10/26/2020 1/15/2031 Dryden 76 CLO, Ltd. (9) (16) Subordinated Notes 9/27/2019 10/20/2032 Elevation CLO 2017-7, Ltd. (7) (9) (16) Subordinated Notes 2/6/2019 7/15/2030 Flatiron CLO 18, Ltd. (9) (16) Subordinated Notes 1/2/2019 4/17/2031 Madison Park Funding XXIII, Ltd. (9) (16) Subordinated Notes 1/8/2020 7/27/2047 Madison Park Funding XXIX, Ltd. (9) (16) Subordinated Notes 12/22/2020 10/18/2047 Monroe Capital MML CLO X, Ltd. Mezzanine Debt - Class E-R SOFR+ 4/22/2022 5/20/2034 Octagon Investment Partners 39, Ltd. (9) (16) Subordinated Notes 1/23/2020 10/20/2030 Park Avenue Institutional Advisers CLO Ltd 2021-1 Mezzanine Debt - Class E L+ 1/26/2021 1/20/2034 Redding Ridge 4 (9) (16) Subordinated Notes 3/4/2021 4/15/2030 Regatta II Funding 
 113 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company (1) Investment Type Industry Interest Rate (2) Spread Above Index (2) Initial Acquisition Date Maturity Principal Amount Amortized Cost Fair Value (3) Percent of Net Assets Mezzanine Debt - Class DR2 L+ 6/5/2020 1/15/2029 Regatta XXII Funding Ltd Mezzanine Debt - Class E SOFR+ 5/6/2022 7/20/2035 THL Credit Wind River 2019 3 CLO Ltd. (9) (16) Subordinated Notes 4/5/2019 4/15/2031 Trinitas CLO VIII (9) (16) Subordinated Notes 3/4/2021 7/20/2117 Venture 45 CLO Ltd. Mezzanine Debt - Class E SOFR+ 4/18/2022 7/20/2035 Wellfleet CLO 2018-2 (9) (16) Subordinated Notes 3/4/2021 10/20/2031 Total Structured Finance Securities Total Non-control/Non-affiliate Investments Affiliate Investments Contract Datascan Holdings, Inc. (4) (20) Office Machinery and Equipment Rental and Leasing Preferred Equity Series A shares) PIK 
 8/5/2015 Common Equity shares) (10) 
 6/28/2016 DRS Imaging Services, LLC (10) (13) (20) Data Processing, Hosting, and Related Services Common Equity units) 
 3/8/2018 Master Cutlery, LLC (4) (10) (20) Sporting and Recreational Goods and Supplies Merchant Wholesalers 
 114 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company (1) Investment Type Industry Interest Rate (2) Spread Above Index (2) Initial Acquisition Date Maturity Principal Amount Amortized Cost Fair Value (3) Percent of Net Assets Subordinated Loan (6) (11) PIK 
 N/A 4/17/2015 7/20/2023 Preferred Equity Series A units), PIK 
 4/17/2015 Common Equity units) 
 4/17/2015 Pfanstiehl Holdings, Inc. (4) (10) (20) (21) Pharmaceutical Preparation Manufacturing Common Equity Class A shares) 
 1/1/2014 TalentSmart Holdings, LLC (10) (13) (20) Professional and Management Development Training Common Equity Class A shares) 
 10/11/2019 TRS Services, LLC (4) (20) Commercial and Industrial Machinery and Equipment (except Automotive and Electronic) Repair and Maintenance Preferred Equity Class A units), PIK 
 12/10/2014 Common Equity units) 
 12/10/2014 Total Affiliate Investments Control Investment Eblens Holdings, Inc. (20) Shoe Store Subordinated Loan (6) PIK 
 N/A 7/13/2017 10/3/2025 Subordinated Loan (6) PIK 
 N/A 7/13/2017 10/3/2025 Common Equity Class A units) (10) 
 10/3/2022 Total Control Investment Total Investments 
 
 (1) 
 (2) , or of the total loan portfolio, that bear interest at a variable rate indexed to LIBOR (L) or SOFR, and reset monthly, quarterly, or semi-annually. For each variable-rate investment, the Company has provided the spread over the reference rate and current interest rate in effect at December 31, 2022. Unless otherwise noted, all investments with a stated PIK rate require interest payments with the issuance of additional securities as payment of the entire PIK provision. 
 115 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) 
 (6) 
 (7) 
 (8) SS Acquisition, LLC (Delayed Draw) 
 (9) 
 (10) 
 (11) to 
 to 
 Master Cutlery, LLC Senior Secured Loan to 
 to 
 
 (12) Represents expiration date of the warrants. 
 (13) 
 (14) 
 (15) 
 (16) 
 (17) Loan accumulation facilities are financing structures intended to aggregate loans that are expected to form part of the portfolio of a future CLO vehicle. Reported yields represent an estimated yield to be earned on the investment. Income notes associated with loan accumulation facilities generally pay returns equal to the income earned on facility assets, less costs of debt financing and manager costs and expenses. In January 2023, the Company prospectively adjusted the estimated yield on this position to 0.00 due to an adverse change in estimated cash flows in accordance with ASC 325-40. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the loan accumulation facility was determined by a probability weighted NAV analysis. 
 (18) Not meaningful as there is no outstanding balance on the revolver or delayed draw loan. The Company earns unfunded commitment fees on undrawn revolving lines of credit balances, which are reported in fee income. 
 (19) 
 (20) 
 (21) 
 (22) of the Company's assets were qualifying assets. 
 (23) 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 116 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company (1) Investment Type Industry Interest Rate (2) Spread Above Index (2) Initial Acquisition Date Maturity Principal Amount Amortized Cost Fair Value (3) Percent of Net Assets Non-control/Non-affiliate Investments 3rd Rock Gaming Holdings, LLC (6) (10) Software Publishers Senior Secured Loan N/A 3/13/2018 3/12/2023 AAdvantage Loyalty IP Ltd. and American Airlines, Inc. (14) (15) (22) Scheduled Passenger Air Transportation Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 3/10/2021 4/20/2028 Aegion Corporation (15) (22) Water and Sewer Line and Related Structures Construction Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 4/1/2021 5/17/2028 Allen Media, LLC (14) (15) Cable and Other Subscription Programming Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 3/2/2021 2/10/2027 All Star Auto Lights, Inc. (4) (15) Motor Vehicle Parts (Used) Merchant Wholesalers Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 12/19/2019 8/20/2025 Autokiniton US Holdings, Inc. (14) (15) Automotive Parts and Accessories Stores Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 3/26/2021 4/6/2028 Avison Young (15) Nonresidential Property Managers Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 11/25/2021 1/31/2026 Ball Metalpack Metal Can Manufacturing Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 6/8/2021 7/31/2026 Bass Pro Group, LLC (14) (15) Sporting Goods Stores Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 2/26/2021 3/6/2028 
 117 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company (1) Investment Type Industry Interest Rate (2) Spread Above Index (2) Initial Acquisition Date Maturity Principal Amount Amortized Cost Fair Value (3) Percent of Net Assets BayMark Health Services, Inc. (15) Outpatient Mental Health and Substance Abuse Centers Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 6/10/2021 6/11/2028 Senior Secured Loan (Delayed Draw) (5) n/m (18) (L + 
 6/10/2021 6/11/2028 ) Constellis Holdings, LLC (10) Other Justice, Public Order, and Safety Activities Common Equity common shares) 
 3/27/2020 Convergint Technologies Holdings, LLC Security Systems Services (except Locksmiths) Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 9/28/2018 3/30/2029 Corel Inc. (14) (15) Software Publishers Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 3/2/2021 7/2/2026 Creation Technologies (15) (22) Bare Printed Circuit Board Manufacturing Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 9/24/2021 10/5/2028 DHX Media Ltd. (14) (15) (22) Motion Picture and Video Production Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 3/19/2021 3/18/2028 Diamond Sports Group, LLC (14) (15) Television Broadcasting Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 11/19/2019 8/24/2026 DIRECTV Financing, LLC (14) (15) Wired Telecommunications Carriers Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 7/22/2021 8/2/2027 Eblens Holdings, Inc. (20) Shoe Store Subordinated Loan (11) cash / PIK 
 N/A 7/13/2017 1/13/2023 Common Equity Class A units) (10) 
 7/13/2017 Electrical Components International, Inc. Current-Carrying Wiring Device Manufacturing Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 4/8/2021 6/26/2026 
 118 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company (1) Investment Type Industry Interest Rate (2) Spread Above Index (2) Initial Acquisition Date Maturity Principal Amount Amortized Cost Fair Value (3) Percent of Net Assets EnergySolutions, LLC (14) (15) Hazardous Waste Treatment and Disposal Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 7/8/2021 5/9/2025 Envocore Holding, LLC (F/K/A LRI Holding, LLC) (4) Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors Senior Secured Loan N/A 12/31/2021 12/31/2025 Senior Secured Loan PIK 
 N/A 12/31/2021 12/31/2026 Senior Secured Loan (Revolver) (5) N/A 11/29/2021 12/31/2025 Equity Participation Rights (23) 12/31/2021 Excelin Home Health, LLC (4) Home Health Care Services Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 10/25/2018 9/30/2025 GGC Aerospace Topco L.P. Other Aircraft Parts and Auxiliary Equipment Manufacturing Common Equity Class A units) (10) 
 12/29/2017 Common Equity Class B units) (10) 
 12/29/2017 Honor HN Buyer Inc (15) Services for the Elderly and Persons with Disabilities Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 10/15/2021 10/15/2027 Senior Secured Loan (Delayed Draw) (5) n/m (18) (L + 
 10/15/2021 10/15/2027 ) ) Senior Secured Loan (Revolver) (5) n/m (18) (L + 
 10/15/2021 10/15/2027 ) ) Hunter Fan Company (14) (15) Small Electrical Appliance Manufacturing Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 8/10/2021 5/8/2028 Inergex Holdings, LLC Other Computer Related Services Senior Secured Loan cash / PIK 
 (L + 
 10/1/2018 10/1/2024 Senior Secured Loan (Revolver) (5) n/m (18) (L + 
 10/1/2018 10/1/2024 ) Intouch Midco Inc. (15) (22) All Other Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 12/20/2019 8/24/2025 
 119 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company (1) Investment Type Industry Interest Rate (2) Spread Above Index (2) Initial Acquisition Date Maturity Principal Amount Amortized Cost Fair Value (3) Percent of Net Assets Ivanti Software, Inc. (14) (15) Software Publishers Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 3/26/2021 12/1/2027 JP Intermediate B, LLC (15) Drugs and Druggists' Sundries Merchant Wholesalers Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 1/14/2021 11/15/2025 KNS Acquisition Corp. (14) (15) Electronic Shopping and Mail-Order Houses Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 4/16/2021 4/21/2027 Kreg LLC (15) Other Ambulatory Health Care Services Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 12/20/2021 12/20/2026 Senior Secured Loan (Revolver) (5) n/m (18) (L + 
 12/20/2021 12/20/2026 ) ) LogMeIn, Inc. (14) (15) Data Processing, Hosting, and Related Services Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 3/26/2021 8/31/2027 Magenta Buyer LLC (14) (15) Software Publishers Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 7/28/2021 7/27/2028 McGraw Hill Global Education Holdings, LLC (14) (15) All Other Publishers Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 4/1/2021 7/28/2028 Milrose Consultants, LLC (4) Administrative Management and General Management Consulting Services Senior Secured Loan (15) (L + 
 7/16/2019 7/16/2025 Senior Secured Loan (Revolver) (L + 
 7/16/2019 7/16/2025 
 120 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company (1) Investment Type Industry Interest Rate (2) Spread Above Index (2) Initial Acquisition Date Maturity Principal Amount Amortized Cost Fair Value (3) Percent of Net Assets Molded Devices, Inc. (15) Other Industrial Machinery Manufacturing Senior Secured Loan (Prime + 
 11/1/2021 11/1/2026 Senior Secured Loan (Delayed Draw) (5) n/m (18) (Prime + 
 11/1/2021 11/1/2026 ) ) Senior Secured Loan (Revolver) (5) n/m (18) (Prime + 
 11/1/2021 11/1/2026 ) ) Odyssey Logistics and Technology Corporation (14) (15) Freight Transportation Arrangement Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 4/5/2021 10/12/2024 One GI LLC (15) Offices of Other Holding Companies Senior Secured Loan (Delayed Draw) (L + 
 12/13/2021 3/13/2022 Senior Secured Loan (Delayed Draw) (5) n/m (18) (L + 
 12/13/2021 12/13/2023 ) ) Senior Secured Loan (Revolver) (5) n/m (18) (L + 
 12/13/2021 12/22/2025 ) ) Parfums Holding Company, Inc. (14) (15) Cosmetics, Beauty Supplies, and Perfume Stores Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 6/25/2019 6/30/2024 Peraton Inc. (14) (15) Management Consulting Services Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 4/2/2021 2/1/2028 PM Acquisition LLC (20) All Other General Merchandise Stores Common Equity units) (10) (13) 
 9/30/2017 Professional Pipe Holdings, LLC Plumbing, Heating, and Air-Conditioning Contractors Senior Secured Loan cash / PIK 
 (L + 
 3/23/2018 3/24/2025 Resource Label Group, LLC (14) (15) Commercial Printing (except Screen and Books) Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 7/2/2021 7/7/2028 Senior Secured Loan (Delayed Draw) (L + 
 7/2/2021 7/2/2028 
 121 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company (1) Investment Type Industry Interest Rate (2) Spread Above Index (2) Initial Acquisition Date Maturity Principal Amount Amortized Cost Fair Value (3) Percent of Net Assets RPLF Holdings, LLC (10) (13) Software Publishers Common Equity Class A units) 
 1/17/2018 RSA Security (15) Computer and Computer Peripheral Equipment and Software Merchant Wholesalers Senior Secured Loan (14) (L + 
 4/16/2021 4/27/2028 Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 4/16/2021 4/27/2029 RumbleOn, Inc. (15) (22) Other Industrial Machinery Manufacturing Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 8/31/2021 8/31/2026 Senior Secured Loan (Delayed Draw) (5) n/m (18) (L + 
 8/31/2021 2/23/2023 ) ) Warrants (warrants to purchase up to in common stock) 
 8/31/2021 2/28/2023 (12) Sentry Centers Holdings, LLC (10) (13) Other Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Preferred Equity Series A units) 
 9/4/2020 Preferred Equity Series B units) 
 9/4/2020 Common Equity units) 
 9/4/2020 Signal Parent, Inc. (14) (15) New Single-Family Housing Construction (except For-Sale Builders) Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 3/25/2021 4/3/2028 SourceHOV Tax, Inc. (4) Other Accounting Services Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 3/16/2020 3/16/2025 Senior Secured Loan (Revolver) (5) n/m (18) (L + 
 5/17/2021 3/17/2025 ) Southern Technical Institute, LLC (4) (10)(23) Colleges, Universities, and Professional Schools Equity Participation Rights 6/27/2018 Spring Education Group, Inc. (F/K/A SSH Group Holdings, Inc.) (15) Child Day Care Services Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 7/26/2018 7/30/2026 
 122 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company (1) Investment Type Industry Interest Rate (2) Spread Above Index (2) Initial Acquisition Date Maturity Principal Amount Amortized Cost Fair Value (3) Percent of Net Assets SSJA Bariatric Management LLC (15) Offices of Physicians, Mental Health Specialists Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 8/26/2019 8/26/2024 Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 12/31/2020 8/26/2024 Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 12/8/2021 8/26/2024 Senior Secured Loan (Revolver) (5) n/m (18) (L + 
 8/26/2019 8/26/2024 ) SS Acquisition, LLC (15) Sports and Recreation Instruction Senior Secured Loan (8) (L + 
 12/30/2021 12/30/2026 Senior Secured Loan (Delayed Draw) (5) n/m (18) (L + 
 12/30/2021 12/30/2026 Staples, Inc. (14) (15) (22) Business to Business Electronic Markets Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 6/24/2019 4/16/2026 STS Operating, Inc. Industrial Machinery and Equipment Merchant Wholesalers Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 5/15/2018 4/30/2026 Teneo Global LLC (14) (15) Management Consulting Services Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 9/10/2021 7/11/2025 The Escape Game, LLC (4) Other amusement and recreation industries Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 12/21/2021 12/22/2024 Senior Secured Loan (Revolver) (5) n/m (18) (L + 
 12/21/2021 ) Thryv, Inc. (14) (15) Directory and Mailing List Publishers Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 2/18/2021 3/1/2026 Tolemar Acquisition, INC. (15) Motorcycle, Bicycle, and Parts Manufacturing Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 10/14/2021 10/14/2026 Senior Secured Loan (Revolver) (5) (L + 
 10/14/2021 10/14/2026 TruGreen Limited Partnership Landscaping Services Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 5/13/2021 11/2/2028 
 123 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company (1) Investment Type Industry Interest Rate (2) Spread Above Index (2) Initial Acquisition Date Maturity Principal Amount Amortized Cost Fair Value (3) Percent of Net Assets United Biologics Holdings, LLC (4) (10) Medical Laboratories Preferred Equity units) 
 4/16/2013 Warrants units) 
 7/26/2012 3/5/2022 (12) West Corporation (14) (15) All Other Telecommunications Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 2/26/2021 10/10/2024 Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 7/29/2021 10/10/2024 Yahoo / Verizon Media (14) (15) Internet Publishing and Broadcasting and Web Search Portals Senior Secured Loan (L + 
 7/21/2021 9/1/2027 Total Debt and Equity Investments Structured Finance Securities (22) Subordinated Notes and Mezzanine Debt (9) (16) Apex Credit CLO 2020 (7) Subordinated Notes 11/16/2020 10/20/2031 Apex Credit CLO 2021 Ltd (7) Subordinated Notes 5/28/2021 7/18/2034 Dryden 53 CLO, LTD. (7) Subordinated Notes - Income 10/26/2020 1/15/2031 Subordinated Notes 10/26/2020 1/15/2031 Dryden 76 CLO, Ltd. (7) Subordinated Notes 9/27/2019 10/20/2032 Elevation CLO 2017-7, Ltd. (7) Subordinated Notes 2/6/2019 7/15/2030 
 124 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company (1) Investment Type Industry Interest Rate (2) Spread Above Index (2) Initial Acquisition Date Maturity Principal Amount Amortized Cost Fair Value (3) Percent of Net Assets Flatiron CLO 18, Ltd. (7) Subordinated Notes 1/2/2019 4/17/2031 Madison Park Funding XXIII, Ltd. (7) Subordinated Notes 1/8/2020 7/27/2047 Madison Park Funding XXIX, Ltd. (7) Subordinated Notes 12/22/2020 10/18/2047 Monroe Capital MML CLO X, LTD. Mezzanine Debt - Class E (L + 
 8/7/2020 8/20/2031 Octagon Investment Partners 39, Ltd. (7) Subordinated Notes 1/23/2020 10/20/2030 Park Avenue Institutional Advisers CLO Ltd 2021-1 Mezzanine Debt - Class E (L + 
 1/26/2021 1/20/2034 Redding Ridge 4 (7) Subordinated Notes 3/4/2021 4/15/2030 Regatta II Funding Mezzanine Debt - Class DR2 (L + 
 6/5/2020 1/15/2029 THL Credit Wind River 2019 3 CLO Ltd. (7) Subordinated Notes 4/5/2019 4/15/2031 Trinitas CLO VIII (7) 
 125 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company (1) Investment Type Industry Interest Rate (2) Spread Above Index (2) Initial Acquisition Date Maturity Principal Amount Amortized Cost Fair Value (3) Percent of Net Assets Subordinated Notes 3/4/2021 7/20/2117 Wellfleet CLO 2018-2 (7) Subordinated Notes 3/4/2021 10/20/2031 Total Subordinated Notes and Mezzanine Debt Investments Loan Accumulation Facility (17) (22) Apex Credit CLO 2021-II Ltd Loan Accumulation Facility 7/14/2021 7/14/2022 Total Structured Finance Securities Total Non-control/Non-affiliate Investments Affiliate Investments Contract Datascan Holdings, Inc. (4) (10) (20) Office Machinery and Equipment Rental and Leasing Preferred Equity Series A shares) PIK 
 8/5/2015 Common Equity shares) 
 6/28/2016 DRS Imaging Services, LLC (20) Data Processing, Hosting, and Related Services Common Equity units) (10) (13) 
 3/8/2018 Master Cutlery, LLC (4) (10)(20) Sporting and Recreational Goods and Supplies Merchant Wholesalers Subordinated Loan (6) (11) (11) 
 N/A 4/17/2015 7/20/2022 Preferred Equity Series A units), PIK 
 4/17/2015 Common Equity units) 
 4/17/2015 
 126 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company (1) Investment Type Industry Interest Rate (2) Spread Above Index (2) Initial Acquisition Date Maturity Principal Amount Amortized Cost Fair Value (3) Percent of Net Assets Pfanstiehl Holdings, Inc. (4) (20) (21) Pharmaceutical Preparation Manufacturing Common Equity Class A shares) 
 1/1/2014 TalentSmart Holdings, LLC (20) Professional and Management Development Training Common Equity Class A shares) (10) (13) 
 10/11/2019 TRS Services, LLC (4) (10) (20) Commercial and Industrial Machinery and Equipment (except Automotive and Electronic) Repair and Maintenance Preferred Equity Class A units), PIK 
 12/10/2014 Common Equity units) 
 12/10/2014 Total Affiliate Investments Control Investment MTE Holding Corp. (4) (19) Travel Trailer and Camper Manufacturing Subordinated Loan (to Mirage Trailers, LLC, a controlled, consolidated subsidiary of MTE Holding Corp.) cash / PIK 
 (L + 
 11/25/2015 4/30/2022 Common Equity shares) 
 11/25/2015 Total Control Investment Total Investments 
 
 (1) 
 (2) and at December 31, 2021, and reset monthly, quarterly, or semi-annually. Variable-rate loans with an aggregate cost of include LIBOR reference rate floor provisions of generally to at December 31, 2021, the reference rates on such instruments were generally below the stated floor provisions. For each investment, the Company has provided the spread over the reference rate and current interest rate in effect at December 31, 2021. Unless otherwise noted, all investments with a stated PIK rate require interest payments with the issuance of additional securities as payment of the entire PIK provision. 
 (3) 
 127 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 (4) 
 (5) 
 (6) 
 (7) 
 (8) 
 (9) The rate disclosed is the estimated effective yield, generally established at purchase and re-evaluated upon receipt of distributions, and based upon projected amounts and timing of future distributions and the projected amount and timing of terminal principal payments at the time of estimation. The estimated yield and investment cost may ultimately not be realized. 
 (10) 
 (11) or 
 or 
 Master Cutlery, LLC Senior Secured Loan to 
 to 
 
 (12) Represents expiration date of the warrants. 
 (13) 
 (14) 
 (15) 
 (16) Amortized cost reflects accretion of effective yield less any cash distributions received or entitled to be received from CLO subordinated note investments. 
 (17) 
 (18) Not meaningful as there is no outstanding balance on the revolver or delayed draw loan. The Company earns unfunded commitment fees on undrawn revolving lines of credit balances, which are reported in fee income. 
 (19) 
 (20) 
 (21) 
 (22) of the Company's assets were qualifying assets. 
 (23) 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 128 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

Note 1. 
 
 Note 2. 

129 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

See Note 5 for more detailed disclosures of the Company s fair value measurements of its financial instruments. 

and held in US Bank N.A. and Citibank N.A. money market deposit accounts as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, the Company s use of cash held by SBIC I LP and OFSCC-FS is limited by SBA regulation and the terms and conditions of the BNP Facility, respectively, including but not limited to, payment of interest expense and principal on the outstanding borrowings. 
 130 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 See Note 4 for further information on loans on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 131 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 , and , respectively. 
 The Company may utilize OFSCC-MB when making equity investments in portfolio companies taxed as pass-through entities to meet its source-of-income requirements as a RIC. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, OFSCC-MB is not consolidated with the RIC and is taxed as a C-Corporation. See Note 8 for further information. 
 The Company evaluates tax positions taken in the course of preparing its tax returns to determine whether they are more-likely-than-not to be sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax benefits of positions not deemed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold could result in greater and undistributed ICTI, income and excise tax expense, and, if involving multiple years, a re-assessment of the Company s RIC status. GAAP requires recognition of accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no uncertain income tax positions at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The current and prior three tax years remain subject to examination by U.S. federal and most state tax authorities. 
 
 and , respectively. Deferred debt issuance costs are amortized to interest expense over the term of the related debt. 
 . The decline in the price of the Company s common stock and the level at which it continued to trade relative to the broader stock indices for the BDC industry, led management to conclude in the third quarter of 2020 that an impairment in the value of the Company s goodwill was more likely than not. Moreover, due to the discount at which the Company s stock traded to its net asset value, management concluded that the impairment of goodwill equal to the full amount of its carrying value of was appropriate. 
 attributable to the SBIC license. The Company amortizes this intangible asset on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life. During the first quarter of 2022, the Company changed its estimate of the useful life to terminate on March 1, 2024, due to continued early redemptions of SBA debentures. The Company recognized amortization of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company tests its intangible asset for impairment if events or circumstances suggest that the asset carrying value may not be fully recoverable. The carrying value of the intangible asset, net of accumulated amortization, was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is included in prepaid expenses and other assets in the consolidated statements of 
 132 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

Note 3. 
 components: a base management fee and an incentive fee. The base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of and based on the average value of the Company s total assets (other than cash and cash equivalents but including assets purchased with borrowed amounts and including assets owned by any consolidated entity) at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters, adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the quarter. OFS Advisor has elected to exclude the value of the intangible assets resulting from the SBIC Acquisition from the base management fee calculation. 
 Effective from January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2022, OFS Advisor agreed to reduce the base management fee attributable to all assets held through OFSCC-FS OFSCC-FS Assets ), excluding cash. The agreement reduced the base 
 133 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 per quarter annualized) of the average value of the OFSCC-FS Assets (excluding cash) at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters. OFS Advisor s base management fee reduction is renewable on an annual basis and OFS Advisor is not entitled to recoup the amount of the base management fee reduced with respect to the OFSCC-FS Assets. This agreement was renewed for the 2023 calendar year on January 11, 2023. 
 The incentive fee has parts. The first part of the incentive fee ("Income Incentive Fee") is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter. For this purpose, pre-incentive fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees such as commitment, origination and sourcing, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that the Company receives from portfolio companies but excluding fees for providing managerial assistance) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, any expenses payable under the Administration Agreement (as defined below) and any interest expense and dividends paid on any outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee). Pre-incentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest or dividend feature (such as OID, debt instruments with PIK interest, equity investments with accruing or PIK dividend and zero coupon securities), accrued income that the Company has not yet received in cash. 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income is expressed as a rate of return on the value of the Company s net assets (defined as total assets less indebtedness and before taking into account any incentive fees payable during the period) at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter and adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during such quarter. The incentive fee with respect to pre-incentive fee net income is of the amount, if any, by which the pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter exceeds a (which is annualized) hurdle rate and a catch-up provision measured as of the end of each calendar quarter. Under this provision, in any calendar quarter, OFS Advisor receives no incentive fee until the net investment income equals the hurdle rate of , but then receives, as a catch-up, of the pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than . The effect of this provision is that, if pre-incentive fee net investment income exceeds in any calendar quarter, OFS Advisor will receive of the pre-incentive fee net investment income. 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. Because of the structure of the incentive fee, it is possible that the Company may pay an incentive fee in a quarter in which the Company incurs a loss. For example, if the Company receives pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of the quarterly minimum hurdle rate, the Company will pay the applicable incentive fee even if the Company has incurred a loss in that quarter due to realized and unrealized capital losses. The Company s net investment income used to calculate this part of the incentive fee is also included in the amount of the Company s gross assets used to calculate the base management fee. These calculations are appropriately prorated for any period of less than three months. 
 The second part of the incentive fee (the Capital Gains Fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date), commencing on December 31, 2012, and equals of the Company s aggregate realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from the date of the election to be a BDC through the end of each calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses, losses on extinguishment of debt, income taxes from realized capital gains and unrealized capital depreciation through the end of such year, less all previous amounts paid in respect of the Capital Gains Fee; provided that the incentive fee determined as of December 31, 2012, was calculated for a period of shorter than twelve calendar months to take into account any realized capital gains computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation for the period beginning on the date of the Company s election to be a BDC and ending December 31, 2012. 
 The Company accrues the Capital Gains Fee if, on a cumulative basis, the sum of net realized capital gains (losses) plus net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) is positive. An accrued Capital Gains Fee relating to net unrealized appreciation is deferred, and not due to OFS Advisor, until the close of the year in which such gains are realized. If, on a cumulative basis, the sum of net realized capital gains (losses) plus net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) decreases during a period, the Company will reverse any excess Capital Gains Fee previously accrued such that the amount of Capital Gains Fee accrued is no more than of the sum of net realized capital gains (losses) plus net unrealized appreciation (depreciation). As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the payable to investment adviser and affiliates on the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities includes a Capital Gains Fee of and , respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reversed the previously accrued Capital Gains Fees due to a reduction in net unrealized appreciation on the investment portfolio. 
 On May 4, 2020, OFS Advisor agreed to irrevocably waive the receipt of in Income Incentive Fees (based on net investment income) related to net investment income, that it would otherwise be entitled to receive under the Investment 
 134 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 for the three months ended March 31, 2020, which is equal to half the Income Incentive Fee expense the Company would have incurred for the three months ended March 31, 2020. The voluntary fee waiver did not include a Capital Gains Fee, which was for the three months ended March 31, 2020. 
 License Agreement: The Company entered into a license agreement with OFSAM under which OFSAM has agreed to grant the Company a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name OFS. 
 Administration Agreement: OFS Services furnishes the Company with office facilities and equipment, necessary software licenses and subscriptions, and clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services at such facilities pursuant to an Administration Agreement. The Administration Agreement was most recently re-approved by the Board on April 5, 2022. Under the Administration Agreement, OFS Services performs, or oversees the performance of, the Company s required administrative services, which include being responsible for the financial records that the Company is required to maintain and preparing reports to its stockholders and all other reports and materials required to be filed with the SEC or any other regulatory authority. In addition, OFS Services assists the Company in determining and publishing its net asset value, oversees the preparation and filing of its tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to its stockholders, and generally oversees the payment of the Company s expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to the Company by others. Under the Administration Agreement, OFS Services also provides managerial assistance on the Company s behalf to those portfolio companies that have accepted the Company s offer to provide such assistance. Payment under the Administration Agreement is equal to an amount based upon the Company s allocable portion of OFS Services s overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including, but not limited to, rent, information technology services and the Company s allocable portion of the cost of its officers, including its chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief compliance officer, chief accounting officer, and their respective staffs. To the extent that OFS Services outsources any of its functions, the Company will pay the fees associated with such functions on a direct basis without profit to OFS Services. 
 Equity Ownership: As of December 31, 2022, affiliates of OFS Advisor held shares of common stock, which is approximately of the Company's outstanding shares of common stock. 
 Incentive fees: Income Incentive Fee Income Incentive Fee waiver ) Capital Gains Fee (1) 
 ) Administration fees Distributions paid to affiliates 
 (1) As of December 31, 2021, the Capital Gains Fee of was deferred, and not due to the Advisor, until the close of the year in which such gains are realized. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reversed the previously accrued Capital Gains Fees of due to a reduction in net unrealized appreciation on the investment portfolio. 
 135 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Note 4. 
 portfolio companies, of which were senior secured loans and were subordinated loans, at fair value. The Company also held equity investments in portfolio companies and investments in Structured Finance Securities. Subordinated debt investments Preferred equity Common equity, warrants and other Total debt and equity investments Structured Finance Securities Total 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had loans on non-accrual status with respect to all interest and Net Loan Fee amortization, with an aggregate amortized cost and fair value of and , respectively. 
 Canada Cayman Islands 1 
 Total investments 
 (1) Investments domiciled in the Cayman Islands represent certain Structured Finance Securities held by the Company. These investments generally represent beneficial interests in underlying portfolios of debt investments in companies domiciled in the United States. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the industry compositions of the Company s debt and equity investments were as follows: Percentage of Total Percentage of Total Amortized Cost Amortized Cost Net Assets Fair Value Fair Value Net Assets Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services All Other Business Support Services Convention and Trade Show Organizers Hazardous Waste Treatment and Disposal Landscaping Services Security Systems Services (except Locksmiths) Temporary Help Services Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation Other Amusement and Recreation Industries Construction Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors New Single-Family Housing Construction (except For-Sale Builders) 
 136 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Sports and Recreation Instruction Health Care and Social Assistance Child Day Care Services Home Health Care Services Medical Laboratories Offices of Physicians, Mental Health Specialists Other Ambulatory Health Care Services Outpatient Mental Health and Substance Abuse Centers Services for the Elderly and Persons with Disabilities Information Cable and Other Subscription Programming Data Processing, Hosting, and Related Services Directory and Mailing List Publishers Internet Publishing and Broadcasting and Web Search Portals Software Publishers Television Broadcasting Management of Companies and Enterprises Offices of Other Holding Companies Manufacturing Bare Printed Circuit Board Manufacturing Current-Carrying Wiring Device Manufacturing Fluid Power Pump and Motor Manufacturing Ice Cream and Frozen Dessert Manufacturing Motorcycle, Bicycle, and Parts Manufacturing Other Aircraft Parts and Auxiliary Equipment Manufacturing Other Industrial Machinery Manufacturing Pharmaceutical Preparation Manufacturing Other Services (except Public Administration) Commercial and Industrial Machinery and Equipment (except Automotive and Electronic) Repair and Maintenance Communication Equipment Repair and Maintenance Other Automotive Mechanical and Electrical Repair and Maintenance 
 137 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Advertising Agencies Computer Systems Design Services Other Computer Related Services Public Administration Other Justice, Public Order, and Safety Activities Real Estate and Rental and Leasing Nonresidential Property Managers Office Machinery and Equipment Rental and Leasing Retail Trade Electronic Shopping and Mail-Order Houses Electronics and Appliance Stores Shoe Store Supermarkets and Other Grocery (except Convenience) Stores All Other General Merchandise Stores Transportation and Warehousing Transportation and Warehousing Wholesale Trade Business to Business Electronic Markets Computer and Computer Peripheral Equipment and Software Merchant Wholesalers Drugs and Druggists' Sundries Merchant Wholesalers Industrial Machinery and Equipment Merchant Wholesalers Motor Vehicle Parts (Used) Merchant Wholesalers Other Miscellaneous Nondurable Goods Merchant Wholesalers Sporting and Recreational Goods and Supplies Merchant Wholesalers Total debt and equity investments Structured Finance Securities Total investments 
 138 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 portfolio companies, of which were senior secured loans and were subordinated loans, at fair value, as well as equity investments in of these portfolio companies. The Company also held an equity investment in portfolio companies in which it did not hold a debt investment, as well as investments in Structured Finance Securities. Subordinated debt investments Preferred equity Common equity, warrants and other Total debt and equity investments Structured Finance Securities Total 
 At December 31, 2021, the Company had loans on non-accrual status with respect to all interest and Net Loan Fee amortization, with an aggregate amortized cost and fair value of and , respectively. 
 Hazardous Waste Treatment and Disposal Landscaping Services Security Systems Services (except Locksmiths) Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation Other Amusement and Recreation Industries Construction Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors New Single-Family Housing Construction (except For-Sale Builders) Plumbing, Heating, and Air-Conditioning Contractors Water and Sewer Line and Related Structures Construction Education Services Colleges, Universities, and Professional Schools Professional and Management Development Training Sports and Recreation Instruction Health Care and Social Assistance Child Day Care Services Home Health Care Services Medical Laboratories Offices of Physicians, Mental Health Specialists 
 139 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Outpatient Mental Health and Substance Abuse Centers Services for the Elderly and Persons with Disabilities Information All Other Publishers All Other Telecommunications Cable and Other Subscription Programming Data Processing, Hosting, and Related Services Directory and Mailing List Publishers Internet Publishing and Broadcasting and Web Search Portals Motion Picture and Video Production Software Publishers Television Broadcasting Wired Telecommunications Carriers Management of Companies and Enterprises Offices of Other Holding Companies Manufacturing Bare Printed Circuit Board Manufacturing Commercial Printing (except Screen and Books) Current-Carrying Wiring Device Manufacturing Motorcycle, Bicycle, and Parts Manufacturing Metal Can Manufacturing Other Aircraft Parts and Auxiliary Equipment Manufacturing Other Industrial Machinery Manufacturing Pharmaceutical Preparation Manufacturing Small Electrical Appliance Manufacturing Travel Trailer and Camper Manufacturing Other Services (except Public Administration) Commercial and Industrial Machinery and Equipment (except Automotive and Electronic) Repair and Maintenance Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Administrative Management and General Management Consulting Services All Other Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Management Consulting Services Other Accounting Services Other Computer Related Services 
 140 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Real Estate and Rental and Leasing Nonresidential Property Managers Office Machinery and Equipment Rental and Leasing Retail Trade Automotive Parts and Accessories Stores Cosmetics, Beauty Supplies, and Perfume Stores Electronic Shopping and Mail-Order Houses Shoe Store Sporting Goods Stores All Other General Merchandise Stores Transportation and Warehousing Freight Transportation Arrangement Scheduled Passenger Air Transportation Wholesale Trade Business to Business Electronic Markets Computer and Computer Peripheral Equipment and Software Merchant Wholesalers Drugs and Druggists' Sundries Merchant Wholesalers Industrial Machinery and Equipment Merchant Wholesalers Motor Vehicle Parts (Used) Merchant Wholesalers Sporting and Recreational Goods and Supplies Merchant Wholesalers Total debt and equity investments Structured Finance Securities Total investments 

Note 5. 
 141 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

Transfers from Level 3 to Level 2 
 Certain of the Company's investments are exchanged in the non-public market among banks, CLOs and other institutional investors for loans to large U.S. corporations. The Company classifies these loan investments as Level 2 when a sufficient number of market quotations or indicative prices from pricing services or broker/dealers (collectively, Indicative Prices are available, and the depth of the market is sufficient to transact at those prices in amounts approximating the Company's investment position at the measurement date. Investments for which sufficient Indicative Prices exist are generally valued consistent with such Indicative Prices. 
 In addition, each quarter, the Company assesses whether an arm s length transaction occurred in the same security, including the Company's new investments during the quarter, the cost of which Transaction Prices ), may be considered a reasonable indication of fair value generally up to three months after the transaction date. Senior secured debt investments with a fair value of and , respectively, were valued at their Transaction Price at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Investments that are not valued using Indicative Prices or Transaction Prices are typically valued using two different valuation techniques. The Company typically estimates the fair value of debt investments by a discounted cash flows technique in which a current price is imputed for the investment based upon an assessment of the expected market yield (or discount rate) for similarly structured investments with a similar level of risk. The Company considers the current contractual interest rate, the maturity and other terms of the investment relative to risk of the portfolio company and various market indices. A key determinant of portfolio-company risk is the leverage through the investment relative to earnings metrics of the portfolio company. 
 The fair value of Structured Finance Securities are also estimated primarily by discounted cash flow techniques. In valuing such investments, the Company considers CLO performance metrics, including prepayment rates, default rates, loss-on-default and recovery rates, and other metrics, as well as estimated market yields provided by a recognized industry pricing service as a primary source for discounted cash flow fair value estimates, supplemented by actual trades executed in the market at or around period-end, as well as the indicative prices provided by broker-dealers in its estimate of the fair value of such investments. The 
 142 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Equity investments Structured Finance Securities 
 Security Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Fair Value at December 31, 2021 Debt investments Equity investments Structured Finance Securities 
 143 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Discounted cash flow Discount rates - 
 Senior secured Market approach Revenue multiples x - x x) 
 Subordinated Market approach EBITDA multiples x - x x) 
 Structured Finance Securities: Subordinated notes (1) 
 Discounted cash flow Discount rates - 
 Constant default rate - 
 Recovery rate - 
 Mezzanine debt Discounted cash flow Discount margin - 
 Constant default rate - 
 Recovery rate - 
 Subordinated notes Market approach Net asset value liquidation (2) 
 Loan accumulation facility Market approach Probability weighted NAV analysis Equity investments: Preferred equity Market approach EBITDA multiples x - x x) 
 Preferred equity Market approach Revenue multiples x - x x) 
 Common equity, warrants and other Market approach EBITDA multiples x - x x) 
 Common equity, warrants and other Market approach Revenue multiples x - x x) 
 
 (1) The cash flows utilized in the discounted cash flow calculations assume: (i) liquidation of (a) certain distressed investments and (b) all investments currently in default held by the issuing CLO at their current market prices; and (ii) redeployment of proceeds at the issuing CLO s assumed reinvestment rate. 
 (2) NAV liquidation represents the fair value, or estimated expected residual value, of the investment. 
 144 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Discounted cash flow Discount rates - 
 Senior secured Market approach EBITDA multiples x - x x) 
 Senior secured Market approach Revenue multiples x - x x) 
 Senior secured Market approach Transaction Price Subordinated Discounted cash flow Discount rates - 
 Subordinated Market approach Revenue multiples x - x x) 
 Structured Finance Securities: Subordinated notes (1) 
 Discounted cash flow Discount rates - 
 Constant default rate (2) 
 - 
 Constant default rate (3) 
 - 
 Recovery rate - 
 Mezzanine debt Discounted cash flow Discount Margin - 
 Constant default rate (2) 
 - 
 Constant default rate (3) 
 - 
 Recovery rate - 
 Loan accumulation facility Market approach Transaction Price Equity investments: Preferred equity Market approach EBITDA multiples x - x x) 
 Preferred equity Market approach Revenue multiples x - x x) 
 Common equity and warrants Market approach EBITDA multiples x - x x) 
 Common equity and warrants Market approach Revenue multiples x - x x) 
 
 (1) The cash flows utilized in the discounted cash flow calculations assume: (i) liquidation of (a) certain distressed investments and (b) all investments currently in default held by the issuing CLO at their current market prices; and (ii) redeployment of proceeds at the issuing CLO's assumed reinvestment rate. 
 (2) Constant default rates for the six months ended June 30, 2022. 
 (3) Constant default rates for the period between June 30, 2022, and the assumed optional redemptions of the instruments. 
 Changes in market credit spreads or events impacting the credit quality of the underlying portfolio company (both of which could impact the discount rate), as well as changes in EBITDA and/or EBITDA multiples, among other things, could have a significant impact on fair values, with the fair value of a particular debt investment susceptible to change in inverse relation to the changes in the discount rate. Changes in EBITDA and/or EBITDA multiples, as well as changes in the discount rate, could have a significant impact on fair values, with the fair value of an equity investment susceptible to change in tandem with the changes in EBITDA and/or EBITDA multiples, and in inverse relation to changes in the discount rate. Due to wide range of approaches towards developing input assumptions to these valuation techniques and the degree of subjectivity used in making the estimates, comparisons between the Company s disclosures and those of other companies may not be meaningful. 
 145 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Purchase and origination of portfolio investments Proceeds from principal payments on portfolio investments ) ) ) ) Sale and redemption of portfolio investments ) ) ) Distributions received from Structured Finance Securities ) ) Transfers from Level 2 to Level 3 Level 3 assets, December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Senior Secured Debt Investments Subordinated Debt Investments Preferred Equity Common Equity and Warrants Structured Finance Securities Total Level 3 assets, December 31, 2020 ) ) ) ) ) Purchase and origination of portfolio investments Proceeds from principal payments on portfolio investments ) ) ) Sale and redemption of portfolio investments ) ) ) ) ) ) Distributions received from Structured Finance Securities ) ) Conversion from debt investment to equity investment (Note 4) ) Level 3 assets, December 31, 2021 
 The net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) reported in the Company s consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, attributable to the Company s Level 3 assets still held at those respective year ends was as 
 146 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) Subordinated debt investments ) Preferred equity ) Common equity, warrants and other Structured Finance Securities ) ) ) 
 Other Financial Assets and Liabilities 
 GAAP requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments not reported at fair value on a recurring basis for which it is practical to estimate such values. The Company believes that the carrying amounts of its other financial instruments such as cash, receivables and payables approximate the fair value of such items due to the short maturity of such financial instruments. The senior secured revolving credit facility between the Company and Pacific Western Bank, as lender PWB Credit Facility and the secured revolving credit facility that provides for borrowings in an aggregate principal amount up to issued pursuant to a Revolving Credit and Security Agreement by and among OFSCC-FS, the lenders from time to time parties thereto, BNP Paribas, as administrative agent, OFSCC-FS Holdings, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, as equity holder, the Company, as servicer, Citibank, N.A., as collateral agent and Virtus Group, LP, as collateral administrator BNP Facility are variable rate instruments and fair value is approximately book value. 
 BNP Facility OFS Capital Corporation Notes due 2026 
 OFS Capital Corporation Notes due 2028 
 SBA-guaranteed debentures 
 Total debt 
 December 31, 2021 Description Level 1 (1) 
 Level 2 Level 3 (2) 
 Total PWB Credit Facility BNP Facility OFS Capital Corporation Notes due 2026 
 OFS Capital Corporation Notes due 2028 
 SBA-guaranteed debentures 
 Total debt 
 (1) For Level 1 measurements, fair value is estimated by using the closing price of the security on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 
 (2) For Level 3 measurements, fair value is estimated through discounting remaining payments using current market rates for similar instruments at the measurement date through the legal maturity date. 
 147 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 BNP Facility OFS Capital Corporation Notes due 2026 
 OFS Capital Corporation Notes due 2028 
 SBA-guaranteed debentures 
 Total debt 
 (1) Carrying value is calculated as the outstanding principal amount less unamortized deferred debt issuance costs. See Note 2 for details. 
 
 Note 6. 
 and under various undrawn revolvers and other credit facilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Legal and regulatory proceedings: From time to time, the Company is involved in legal proceedings in the normal course of its business. Although the outcome of such litigation cannot be predicted with any certainty, management is of the opinion, based on the advice of legal counsel, that final disposition of any litigation should not have a material adverse effect on the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022. 
 Additionally, the Company is subject to periodic inspection by regulators to assess compliance with applicable BDC regulations and the SBIC I LP is subject to periodic inspections by the SBA. 

Note 7. 
 maturity. The interest rate is fixed at the time of SBA pooling, which is March and September of each year, at a market-driven spread over U.S. Treasury Notes with ten-year maturities. 
 The Company received exemptive relief from the SEC effective November 26, 2013, which permits the Company to exclude SBA guaranteed debentures from the definition of senior securities in the statutory asset coverage ratio under the 1940 Act, allowing for greater capital deployment. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, SBIC I LP redeemed of SBA debentures that were contractually due March 1, 2025 and September 1, 2025. The Company recognized losses on extinguishment of debt of related to the acceleration of unamortized deferred borrowing costs on the redeemed debentures. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, SBIC I LP had outstanding SBA debentures of and , respectively. 
 On a stand-alone basis, SBIC I LP held and in assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which accounted for approximately and of the Company s total consolidated assets, respectively. These assets cannot be pledged under any non-SBA debt obligation of the Company. 
 148 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 September 23, 2015 September 1, 2025 SBA debentures outstanding Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) SBA debentures outstanding, net of unamortized debt issuance costs 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the components of interest expense, cash paid for interest, effective interest rates and average outstanding balances for the SBA debentures were as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Stated interest expense Amortization of debt issuance costs Total interest and debt financing costs Cash paid for interest expense Effective interest rate Average outstanding balance 
 Unsecured Notes: The unsecured notes totaled and in aggregate principal debt at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Issuances during the year ended December 31, 2021 
 On February 10, 2021, the Company closed the public offering of aggregate principal amount of its notes due 2026, and on March 18, 2021, the Company closed an additional public offering of aggregate principal amount of its notes due 2026 (the "Unsecured Notes Due February 2026"). The total net proceeds to the Company from the Unsecured Notes Due February 2026, after deducting underwriting fees and offering expenses of , was approximately . 
 On October 28, 2021 and November 1, 2021, the Company closed the public offering of aggregate principal amount of its notes due 2028 (the Unsecured Notes Due October 2028 ), which included a full exercise of the underwriters overallotment option. The total net proceeds to the Company, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses of , was approximately . 
 Redemptions during the year ended December 31, 2021 
 On March 12, 2021, the Company redeemed all of its aggregate principal amount of notes due April 30, 2025 (the Unsecured Notes Due April 2025 and aggregate principal amount of notes due October 30, 2025 (the Unsecured Notes Due October 2025 ). 
 On November 1, 2021, the Company redeemed all of its aggregate principal amount of notes due September 30, 2023 Unsecured Notes Due September 2023 ). 
 On November 22, 2021, the Company redeemed all of its aggregate principal amount of notes due October 31, 2026 (the Unsecured Notes Due October 2026 ). 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized a loss on extinguishment of related to the acceleration of unamortized deferred borrowing costs on the redemption of unsecured notes. 
 The Unsecured Notes Due February 2026, the Unsecured Notes Due October 2028, the Unsecured Notes Due April 2025, the Unsecured Notes Due October 2025, the Unsecured Notes Due September 2023 and Unsecured Notes Due October 2026, combined (the Unsecured Notes ), of which the Unsecured Notes Due February 2026 and the Unsecured Notes Due October 2028 were outstanding at December 31, 2021, are direct unsecured obligations and rank equal in right of payment with all current and future unsecured indebtedness of the Company. Because the Unsecured Notes are not secured by any of the 
 149 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 after such borrowings; and (ii) prohibiting (a) the declaration of any cash dividend or distribution upon any class of the Company s capital stock (except to the extent necessary for the Company to maintain its treatment as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code), or (b) the purchase of any capital stock if the Company s asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, were below at the time of such capital transaction and after deducting the amount of such transaction. 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs Total interest and debt financing costs Cash paid for interest expense Effective interest rate Average outstanding balance 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Unsecured Notes had the following terms and balances: Unsecured Notes Principal Unamortized Discount and Issuance Costs Stated Interest Rate (1) 
 Effective Interest Rate (2) 
 Maturity (3) 
 Unsecured Notes Due February 2026 2/10/2026 Unsecured Notes Due October 2028 10/31/2028 Total 
 (1) The weighted-average fixed cash interest rate on the Unsecured Notes as of December 31, 2022 was . 
 (2) The effective interest rate on the Unsecured Notes includes deferred debt issuance cost amortization. 
 (3) The Company may redeem the Unsecured Notes Due February 2026 in whole or in part at any time, or from time to time, at its option at par plus a make-whole premium, if applicable. The Company may redeem the Unsecured Notes Due October 2028 in whole or in part at any time, or from time to time, at its option on or after October 31, 2023. 
 PWB Credit Facility : The Company is party to a business loan agreement BLA with Pacific Western Bank, as lender, to provide the Company with a senior secured revolving credit facility. The PWB Credit Facility is available for general corporate purposes including investment funding and is scheduled to mature on February 28, 2024. The maximum availability of the PWB Credit Facility is equal to of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of eligible loans included in the borrowing base, which excludes subordinated loan investments and as otherwise specified in the BLA. The PWB Credit Facility is guaranteed by OFSCC-MB and secured by all of our current and future assets excluding assets held by SBIC I LP, OFSCC-FS, and the Company s partnership interests in SBIC I LP and SBIC I GP. 
 The PWB Credit Facility bears interest at a variable rate of the Prime Rate plus a margin, with a floor, and includes an unused commitment fee for any unused portion in excess of , payable monthly in arrears, equal to per annum on any unused portion. As of December 31, 2022, the stated interest rate of the PWB Credit Facility was . At December 31, 2022, the PWB Credit Facility s effective interest rate, including deferred financing cost amortization and unused fees, was . 
 150 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 and , respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and outstanding debt under the PWB Credit Facility, respectively, and and of availability under the terms of the borrowing base, respectively. 
 On February 17, 2021, the Company amended the PWB Credit Facility to among other things: (i) increase the maximum amount available from to ; (ii) decrease the interest rate floor from per annum to per annum; (iii) modify certain financial performance covenants; and (iv) extend the maturity date from February 28, 2021 to February 28, 2023. 
 On November 15, 2021, the Company amended the PWB Credit Facility to decrease the interest rate floor from to , effective as of November 1, 2021. 
 On April 22, 2022, the Company amended the PWB Credit Facility to: (i) increase the maximum amount available under the PWB Credit Facility from to ; and (ii) extend the maturity date of the PWB Credit Facility from February 28, 2023 to February 28, 2024. 
 On December 15, 2022, the Company amended the PWB Credit Facility to: (i) reduce the maximum amount available under the PWB Credit Facility from to ; and (ii) eliminate the No Net Losses covenant, which restricted net losses (defined as income after adjustments to the investment portfolio for gains and losses, realized and unrealized, also shown as net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations) in more than two quarters during the prior four quarters then ended. 
 The BLA contains customary terms and conditions, including, without limitation, affirmative and negative covenants such as information reporting requirements, a minimum tangible net asset value, a minimum quarterly net investment income after incentive fees, and a ratio of total liabilities divided by NAV. The BLA also contains customary events of default, including, without limitation, nonpayment, misrepresentation of representations and warranties in a material respect, breach of covenant, cross-default to other indebtedness, bankruptcy, change in investment advisor, and the occurrence of a material adverse change in our financial condition. 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs Total interest and debt financing costs Cash paid for interest expense Effective interest rate (2) 
 Average outstanding balance 
 (1) Stated interest expense includes unused fees. 
 (2) Unused fees were excluded from the calculation. 
 BNP Facility: OFSCC-FS is party to the BNP Facility, which provides for borrowings in an aggregate principal amount up to , of which was drawn as of December 31, 2022. Borrowings under the BNP Facility bear interest of SOFR plus an applicable spread, which is determined on the basis of industry-recognized portfolio company metrics at the time of funding. The BNP Facility will mature on the earlier of June 20, 2027 or upon certain other events defined in the credit agreement which result in accelerated maturity. Borrowings under the BNP Facility are secured by substantially all of the assets held by OFSCC-FS, which were and , or and of the Company's total consolidated assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 On June 24, 2022, OFSCC-FS amended the BNP Facility to, among other things: (i) extend the reinvestment period under the BNP Facility for from June 20, 2022 to June 20, 2025; (ii) extend the maturity date under the BNP Facility from June 20, 2024 to June 20, 2027; (iii) convert the benchmark interest rate from LIBOR to SOFR; (iv) increase the applicable margin by on all classes of loans; and (v) increase the applicable margin floor from to . 
 151 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

and outstanding debt under the BNP Facility, respectively, and and of availability under the terms of the borrowing base, respectively. OFSCC-FS also pays a non-usage fee up to depending on the size of the unused portion of the BNP Facility. 
 At December 31, 2022, the cash interest rate on the BNP Facility was . 
 OFSCC-FS incurred fees to the lenders as well as legal costs to establish and amend the BNP Facility, which are amortized over the life of the facility. Unamortized debt issuance costs included in prepaid expenses and other assets on the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs Total interest and debt financing costs Cash paid for interest expense Effective interest rate Average outstanding balance 
 
 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 
 BNP Facility SBA Debentures Unsecured Notes Total 
 
 Note 8. 
 
 152 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 related to estimated undistributed income for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company s ICTI differs from the net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations primarily due to differences in income recognition on the unrealized appreciation/depreciation of investments, income recognition for CLO subordinated note investments, income from Company s equity investments in pass-through entities, capital gains and losses and the net creation or utilization of capital loss carryforwards. 
 The distributions paid to stockholders are reported as ordinary income, long-term capital gains and returns of capital. Long-term capital gain Return of capital Total distributions to stockholders 
 
 Undistributed earnings and profits (net operating loss carry-forward) (OFSCC-MB; C-Corporation) Capital loss carryforwards: RIC short-term, non-expiring 
 ) ) RIC long-term, non-expiring 
 ) ) 
 The Company records reclassifications to its capital accounts related to permanent differences between GAAP and tax treatment of excise taxes and other permanent differences. The Company recorded reclassifications to decrease additional paid-in capital against total distributable earnings (accumulated loss) o f , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 153 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Tax-basis gross unrealized appreciation on investments Tax-basis gross unrealized depreciation on investments ) ) Tax-basis net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments Fair value of investments 
 Deferred taxes: The Company recognizes deferred taxes on the unrealized appreciation or depreciation of securities held through OFSCC-MB, and other basis differences including available loss carry forwards and suspended interest expense deductions reported by portfolio companies. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted corporate federal tax rates and estimated state tax burdens expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those unrealized gains and losses are realized. The recoverability of deferred tax assets is assessed and a valuation allowance is recorded to the extent that it is more likely than not that any portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized on the basis of the projected taxable income or other taxable events in OFSCC-MB. 
 OFSCC-MB (C-Corp): Gross unrealized appreciation on investments Gross unrealized depreciation on investments ) ) Total net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments on investments held by OFSCC-MB ) Total tax-basis net unrealized appreciation on investments 
 Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 Deferred tax liabilities and assets with tax basis unrealized gain and losses differs from the amount that would have resulted from applying the federal rate of 21 to unrealized gains and losses because of state income taxes, net of associated federal benefit. 
 154 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Note 9. 
 Net investment income (4) 
 Net realized loss on investments, net of taxes (4) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments, net of deferred taxes (4) 
 ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt (4) 
 ) ) ) Loss on impairment of goodwill (4) 
 ) Total from operations ) Distributions ) ) ) ) ) Issuance/repurchase of common stock (5) 
 ) Net asset value per share at end of year 
 Per share market value, end of period 
 Total return based on market value (1) 
 ) Total return based on net asset value (2) 
 ) Shares outstanding at end of period Weighted average shares outstanding 
 Ratio/Supplemental Data (in thousands except ratios) Average net asset value (3) 
 Net asset value at end of year 
 Net investment income 
 Ratio of total expenses, net to average net assets (8) 
 Ratio of total expenses, net and losses on impairment of goodwill and extinguishment of debt to average net assets (9) 
 Ratio of net investment income to average net assets (6) 
 Ratio of goodwill impairment loss to average net assets Ratio of loss on extinguishment of debt to average net assets Portfolio turnover (7) 
 
 (1) Calculated as ending market value less beginning market value, adjusted for distributions reinvested at prices based on the Company s dividend reinvestment plan for the respective distributions. 
 (2) Calculated as ending net asset value less beginning net asset value, adjusted for distributions reinvested at the Company s dividend reinvestment plan for the respective distributions. 
 (3) Based on the average of the net asset value at the beginning of the indicated period and the end of each calendar quarter within the period indicated. 
 (4) Calculated on the average share method. 
 (5) The issuance/repurchase of common stock on a per share basis reflects the net asset value change as a result of DRIP issuances or shares repurchased pursuant to the Stock Repurchase Program. 
 (6) Ratio of net investment income before incentive fee waiver to average net assets was and for the years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2018, respectively. 
 (7) Portfolio turnover rate is calculated using the lesser of year-to-date sales, Structured Finance Security distributions and principal payments or year-to-date purchases over the average of the invested assets at fair value at the beginning of the indicated period and the end of each calendar quarter within the period indicated. 
 (8) Ratio of total expenses before incentive fee waiver to average net assets was and for the years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2018, respectively. 
 for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 155 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Note 10. 
 and , respectively, which included cash of and , of which and were available for distribution at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, net assets of OFSCC-FS were and , respectively, which included cash of and , of which and were available for distribution to the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 May 4, 2020 June 23, 2020 June 30, 2020 July 28, 2020 September 23, 2020 September 30, 2020 November 3, 2020 December 24, 2020 December 31, 2020 Year ended December 31, 2021 March 2, 2021 March 24, 2021 March 31, 2021 May 7, 2021 June 23, 2021 June 30, 2021 August 3, 2021 September 23, 2021 September 30, 2021 November 2, 2021 December 24, 2021 December 31, 2021 Year ended December 31, 2022 March 1, 2022 March 24, 2022 March 31, 2022 May 3, 2022 June 23, 2022 June 30, 2022 August 2, 2022 September 23, 2022 September 30, 2022 November 1, 2022 December 23, 2022 December 30, 2022 
 The following table represents DRIP participation for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively: For the Year Ended DRIP Shares Value Total Distribution Declared DRIP Shares Issued Average Value Per Share December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 
 Since the Company s initial public offering in 2012, distributions to stockholders total , or per share on a cumulative basis. 
 Distributions in excess of the Company s current and accumulated ICTI would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of a stockholder s tax basis, and any remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain. The determination of the tax attributes of the Company s distributions is made annually as of the end of its fiscal year based upon its estimated ICTI and distributions paid for the full year. Each year, if required, a statement on Form 1099-DIV identifying the source of the distribution is mailed to the Company s stockholders. 
 156 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 of its outstanding common stock through May 22, 2024 (the Stock Repurchase Program ). Under the Stock Repurchase Program, the Company may repurchase shares in open-market transactions, including through block purchases, depending on prevailing market conditions and other factors. The Company expects the Stock Repurchase Program to be in place through May 22, 2024, or until the approved dollar amount has been used to repurchase shares. The Stock Repurchase Program may be extended, modified or discontinued at any time for any reason. 
 January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019 January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020 January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021 January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 Total 
 
 157 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

Note 11. ) ) Subordinated Loan Common Equity (6) ) ) ) ) MTE Holding Corp. Subordinated Loan ) Common Equity ) ) ) ) Total Control Investment ) ) Affiliate Investments Contract Datascan Holdings, Inc. Preferred Equity (7) 
 Common Equity (6) 
 DRS Imaging Services, LLC Common Equity (6) 
 
 158 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

) ) Preferred Equity (6) 
 Common Equity (6) 
 ) ) Pfanstiehl Holdings, Inc. Common Equity TalentSmart Holdings, LLC Common Equity (6) 
 ) ) TRS Services, Inc. Preferred Equity (6) 
 Common Equity (6) 
 Total Affiliate Investments ) Total Control and Affiliate Investments ) 
 (1) Principal balance of debt investments and ownership detail for equity investments are shown in the consolidated schedule of investments. The Company's investments are generally classified as "restricted securities" as such term is defined under Regulation S-X Rule 6-03(f) or Securities Act Rule 144. 
 (2) Represents the total amount of interest, fees or dividends included in 2022 income for the portion of the year ended December 31, 2022, that an investment was included in Control or Affiliate Investment categories, respectively. 
 (3) Gross additions include increases in cost basis resulting from a new portfolio investment, PIK interest, fees and dividends, accretion of OID, and net increases in unrealized net appreciation or decreases in net unrealized depreciation. Gross additions also include transfers of portfolio companies, at fair value, out of the non-affiliate/non-control classification to the control classification during the period. 
 (4) Gross reductions include decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal repayments and sales, if any, and net decreases in net unrealized appreciation or net increases in net unrealized depreciation. 
 159 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

160 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

) Common Equity ) Total Control Investment ) Affiliate Investments 3rd Rock Gaming Holdings, LLC Senior Secured Loan ) Common Equity (6) 
 ) ) ) Chemical Resources Holdings, Inc. Senior Secured Loan ) ) Common Equity (6) 
 ) ) ) ) Contract Datascan Holdings, Inc. Preferred Equity (7) 
 Common Equity (6) 
 ) ) ) 
 161 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

) ) Master Cutlery, LLC Subordinated Loan (6) 
 ) Preferred Equity (6) 
 Common Equity (6) 
 ) NeoSystems Corp. Preferred Stock (7) 
 ) ) Pfanstiehl Holdings, Inc. Common Equity Professional Pipe Holdings, LLC Senior Secured Loan ) Common Equity (6) 
 ) ) TalentSmart Holdings, LLC Common Equity (6) 
 ) ) TRS Services, Inc. Preferred Equity (6) 
 Common Equity (6) 
 
 162 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

) ) Preferred Equity (6) 
 ) ) ) ) Total Affiliate Investments ) Total Control and Affiliate Investments ) 
 (1) Principal balance of debt investments and ownership detail for equity investments are shown in the consolidated schedule of investments. The Company's investments are generally classified as "restricted securities" as such term is defined under Regulation S-X Rule 6-03(f) or Securities Act Rule 144. 
 (2) Represents the total amount of interest, fees or dividends included in 2021 income for the portion of the year ended December 31, 2021, that an investment was included in Control or Affiliate Investment categories, respectively. 
 (3) Gross additions include increases in cost basis resulting from a new portfolio investment, PIK interest, fees and dividends, accretion of OID, and net increases in unrealized net appreciation or decreases in net unrealized depreciation. 
 (4) Gross reductions include decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal repayments and sales, if any, and net decreases in net unrealized appreciation or net increases in net unrealized depreciation. Gross reductions also include transfers of portfolio companies out of the affiliate classification to the non-affiliate/non-control classification during the period. 
 (5) Fair value was determined using significant unobservable inputs. See Note 5 for further details. 
 (6) Non-income producing. 
 (7) Dividends credited to income include dividends contractually earned but not declared. 
 163 

OFS Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Note 12. 
 per share for the first quarter of 2023, payable on March 31, 2023 to stockholders of record as of March 24, 2023. 
 On March 1, 2023, SBIC I LP prepaid of SBA debentures that were contractually due March 1, 2025. 
 164 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that the transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that the receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with polices or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Our management (with the supervision and participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer) conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 Based on our assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 165 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive Proxy Statement relating to the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of the Company s fiscal year. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive Proxy Statement relating to the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of the Company s fiscal year. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholders Matters 
 The information required by Item 12 is hereby incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive Proxy Statement relating to the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of the Company s fiscal year. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive Proxy Statement relating to the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of the Company s fiscal year. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive Proxy Statement relating to the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of the Company s fiscal year. 
 166 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 a. Documents Filed as Part of this Report 
 1. Financial Statements: See Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report for a list of financial statements. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules: Schedule 12-14 Investments in and Advances to Affiliates See Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 11. of this report. 
 3. Exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K: See Item 15b. below. 
 b. Exhibits 
 The following table lists exhibits filed as part of this report, according to the number assigned to them in Item 601 of Regulation S-K. All exhibits listed in the following table are incorporated by reference except for those exhibits denoted in the last column. Please note that the agreements included as exhibits to this Form 10-K are included to provide information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about us or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement that have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form and SEC File No. Filing Date with SEC Filed with this 10-K 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of OFS Capital Corporation 
 N-2 (333-166363) March 18, 2011 3.2 Certificate of Correction to Certificate of Incorporation of OFS Capital Corporation 
 10-K (814-00813) March 26, 2013 3.3 Bylaws of OFS Capital Corporation 
 N-2/A (333-166363) March 18, 2011 4.1 Form of Stock Certificate of OFS Capital Corporation 
 N-2/A (333-166363) March 18, 2011 4.2 Base Indenture 
 N-2 (333-200376) November 19, 2014 4.3 Warrant Agreement 
 N-2/A (333-200376) December 16, 2014 4.4 Subscription Agent Agreement 
 N-2/A (333-200376) December 16, 2014 4.5 Subscription Certificate 
 N-2/A (333-200376) December 16, 2014 4.6 Certificate of Designation 
 N-2/A (333-200376) December 16, 2014 4.7 Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 10, 2021 between OFS Capital Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 
 Form 8-K (814-00813) February 10, 2021 4.8 Form of 4.75 Note due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 thereto and Exhibit A therein) 
 Form 8-K (814-00813) February 10, 2021 4.9 Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated of October 28, 2021 between OFS Capital Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 
 Form 8-K (814-00813) October 28, 2021 4.10 Form of 4.95 Notes due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 thereto and Exhibit A therein) 
 Form 8-K (814-00813) October 28, 2021 4.11 Description of Securities 
 10.1 Form of Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
 N-2/A (333-166363) March 18, 2011 10.2 Investment Advisory and Management Agreement between OFS Capital Corporation and OFS Capital Management, LLC 
 10-Q (814-00813) November 7, 2014 10.3 Custody Agreement 
 10-K (814-00813) March 4, 2022 
 167 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form and SEC File No. Filing Date with SEC Filed with this 10-K 10.4 Administration Agreement between OFS Capital Corporation and OFS Capital Services, LLC 
 N-2/A (333-166363) March 18, 2011 10.5 License Agreement between OFS Capital Corporation and Orchard First Source Asset Management, LLC 
 N-2/A (333-166363) March 18, 2011 10.6 Form of Indemnification Agreement between OFS Capital Corporation and each of its directors and executive officers 
 N-2/A (333-166363) March 18, 2011 10.7 Form of Registration Rights Agreement between OFS Capital Corporation and Orchard First Source Asset Management, LLC 
 N-2/A (333-166363) July 24, 2012 10.8 Assignment and Assumption Agreement by and among Orchard First Source Asset Management, LLC, Orchard First Source Asset Management Holdings, LLC and OFS Capital Corporation, dated January 10, 2023 
 10.9 Business Loan Agreement between OFS Capital Corporation and Pacific Western Bank dated March 7, 2018 
 10-K (814-00813) March 12, 2018 10.10 Promissory Note between OFS Capital Corporation and Pacific Western Bank dated November 5, 2015 
 10-Q (814-00813) November 6, 2015 10.11 Change in terms to the Business Loan Agreement between OFS Capital Corporation and Pacific Western Bank dated March 7, 2018 
 10-K (814-00813) March 12, 2018 10.12 Business Loan Agreement between OFS Capital Corporation and Pacific Western Bank, dated April 10, 2019 
 Form 8-K (814-00813) April 15, 2019 10.13 Change in terms to the Business Loan Agreement between OFS Capital Corporation and Pacific Western Bank, dated April 10, 2019 
 Form 8-K (814-00813) April 15, 2019 10.14 Commercial Guaranty Agreement between OFS Capital Corporation and Pacific Western Bank, dated April 10, 2019 
 Form 8-K (814-00813) April 15, 2019 10.15 Amendment One to the Business Loan Agreement between OFS Capital Corporation and Pacific Western Bank dated June 26, 2020 
 Form 8-K (814-00813) July 2, 2020 10.16 Amendment Two to the Business Loan Agreement between OFS Capital Corporation and Pacific Western Bank dated July 29, 2020 
 Form 8-K (814-00813) July 31, 2020 10.17 Amendment Three to the Business Loan Agreement between OFS Capital Corporation and Pacific Western Bank dated October 7, 2020 
 Form 8-K (814-00813) October 9, 2020 10.18 Amendment Four to the Business Loan Agreement between OFS Capital Corporation and Pacific Western Bank dated February 17, 2021 
 Form 8-K (814-00813) February 19, 2021 10.19 Change in Terms to the Business Loan Agreement between OFS Capital Corporation and Pacific Western Bank dated February 17, 2021 
 Form 8-K (814-00813) February 19, 2021 10.20 Change in Terms to the Business Loan Agreement between OFS Capital Corporation and Pacific Western Bank dated November 15, 2021 
 Form 8-K (814-00813) November 18, 2021 10.21 Amendment Five to the Business Loan Agreement between OFS Capital Corporation and Pacific Western Bank dated April 22, 2022 
 Form 8-K (814-00813) April 25, 2022 10.22 Change in Terms to the Business Loan Agreement between OFS Capital Corporation and Pacific Western Bank dated April 22, 2022 
 Form 8-K (814-00813) April 25, 2022 10.23 Amendment Six to the Business Loan Agreement between OFS Capital Corporation and Pacific Western Bank dated December 15, 2022 
 Form 8-K (814-00813) December 15, 2022 10.24 Commercial Guaranty Agreement between among OFS Capital Corporation, OFSCC-MB, Inc., and Pacific Western Bank, dated April 10, 2019 
 Form 8-K (814-00813) April 15, 2019 
 168 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form and SEC File No. Filing Date with SEC Filed with this 10-K 10.25 Revolving Credit and Security Agreement by and among OFSCC-FS, LLC, as borrower, the lenders from time to time parties thereto, BNP Paribas, as administrative agent, OFSCC-FS Holdings LLC, as equityholder, OFS Capital Corporation, LLC, as servicer, and Citibank, N.A., as collateral agent, dated June 20, 2019. 
 Form 8-K (814-00813) June 24, 2019 10.26 First Amendment to the Revolving Credit and Security Agreement by and among OFSCC-FS, LLC, as borrower, the lenders from time to time parties thereto, BNP Paribas, as administrative agent, OFSCC-FS Holdings LLC, as equityholder, OFS Capital Corporation, LLC, as servicer, and Virtus Group LP , as collateral a dministrator , dated June 24, 2022 
 Form 8-K (814-00813) June 27, 2022 10.27 Second Amendment to the Revolving Credit and Security Agreement by and among OFSCC-FS, LLC, as borrower, the lenders from time to time parties thereto, BNP Paribas, as administrative agent, OFSCC-FS Holdings LLC, as equityholder, OFS Capital Corporation, LLC, as servicer, and Virtus Group, LP, as collateral administrator, dated February 2, 2023 
 10.28 Securities Account Control Agreement by and among OFSCC-FS, LLC, as pledgor, BNP Paribas, as administrative agent, and Citibank, N.A., as secured party and securities intermediary, dated June 20, 2019. 
 Form 8-K (814-00813) June 24, 2019 10.29 Custodian and Loan Administration Agreement by and among OFSCC-FS, LLC, Citibank, N.A., as custodian, and Virtus Group, LP, as collateral administrator, dated June 20, 2019. 
 Form 8-K (814-00813) June 24, 2019 10.30 Loan Sale and Contribution Agreement by and between OFSCC-FS, LLC, as the buyer, and OFSCC-FS Holdings, LLC, as the seller, dated June 20, 2019. 
 Form 8-K (814-00813) June 24, 2019 11.1 Computation of Per Share Earnings + 14.1 Joint Code of Ethics of OFS Capital Corporation and OFS Advisor 
 Form 10-Q (814-00813) November 4, 2022 21.1 List of Subsidiaries 
 23.1 Consent from KPMG LLP 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed herewith. + Included in the notes to the financial statements contained in this report Furnished herewith 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 169 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. OFS Capital Corporation Date: March 3, 2023 /s/ Bilal Rashid Bilal Rashid Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacity and on the dates indicated. Date: March 3, 2023 /s/ Bilal Rashid Bilal Rashid, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer) Date: March 3, 2023 /s/ Ashwin Ranganathan Ashwin Ranganathan, Director Date: March 3, 2023 /s/ Romita Shetty Romita Shetty, Director Date: March 3, 2023 /s/ Elaine E. Healy Elaine E. Healy, Director Date: March 3, 2023 /s/ Jeffrey A. Cerny Jeffrey A. Cerny, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) and Director Date: March 3, 2023 /s/ Ross A. Teune Ross A. Teune, Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 170 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ofscc202210-kexhibit411.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 

Exhibit 4.11 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, OFS Capital Corporation (the Company, we, our, or us had two classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (1) our common stock and (2) our debt securities. 
 
 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this Description of Securities is attached as an exhibit. 
 
 A. Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the authorized capital stock of OFS Capital Corporation consisted of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. Our common stock is quoted on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol OFS. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 All shares of our common stock have equal rights as to earnings, assets, distributions and voting and, when they are issued, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Distributions may be paid to the holders of our common stock if, as and when authorized by our board of directors and declared by us out of funds legally available therefor. Shares of our common stock have no preemptive, exchange, conversion or redemption rights and are freely transferable, except when their transfer is restricted by federal and state securities laws or by contract. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each share of our common stock would be entitled to share ratably in all of our assets that are legally available for distribution after we pay all debts and other liabilities and subject to any preferential rights of holders of our preferred stock, if any preferred stock is outstanding at such time. Each share of our common stock is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors. Except as provided with respect to any other class or series of stock, the holders of our common stock will possess exclusive voting power. There is no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which means that holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock can elect all of our directors, and holders of less than a majority of such shares will not be able to elect any directors. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our board of directors to classify and reclassify any unissued shares of stock into other classes or series of stock, including preferred stock. Prior to issuance of shares of each class or series, the board of directors is required by Delaware law and by our certificate of incorporation to set the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption for each class or series. 
 
 Provisions of the DGCL and Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 Limitation on Liability of Directors and Officers Indemnification and Advance of Expenses 
 
 The indemnification of our officers and directors is governed by Section 145 of the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws. Our certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will not be liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director to the fullest extent permitted by the current DGCL or as the DGCL may hereafter be amended. DGCL Section 102(b)(7) provides that the personal liability of a director to a corporation or its stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty as a director may be eliminated except for liability (a) for any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to the registrant or its stockholders, (b) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (c) under Section 174 of the DGCL, relating to unlawful payment of distributions or unlawful stock purchases or redemption of stock or (d) for any transaction from which the director derives an improper personal benefit. 

Our bylaws provide for the indemnification of any person to the full extent permitted by law as currently in effect or as may hereafter be amended. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and officers in order to effect the foregoing. 
 
 Delaware Anti-Takeover Law 
 
 The DGCL and our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a potential acquirer to acquire us by means of a tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. These provisions are expected to discourage certain coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our board of directors. These measures may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. We believe, however, that the benefits of these provisions outweigh the potential disadvantages of discouraging any such acquisition proposals because the negotiation of such proposals may improve their terms. 
 
 Classified Board of Directors 
 
 Our board of directors is divided into three classes of directors serving staggered three-year terms, with the term of office of only one of the three classes expiring each year. A classified board may render a change in control of us or removal of our incumbent management more difficult. We believe, however, that the longer time required to elect a majority of a classified board of directors helps to ensure the continuity and stability of our management and policies. 
 
 Number of Directors Removal Vacancies 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that the number of directors will be set only by the board of directors in accordance with our bylaws. Our bylaws provide that a majority of our entire board of directors may at any time increase or decrease the number of directors. However, unless our bylaws are amended, the number of directors may never be less than four nor more than eight. Under our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, any vacancy on the board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of the board of directors, may be filled only by vote of a majority of the directors then in office. The limitations on the ability of our stockholders to fill vacancies could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or discourage a third-party from seeking to acquire, control of us. 
 
 Our charter provides that a director may be removed only for cause, as defined in our charter, and then only by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast in the election of directors. 
 
 Advance Notice Provisions for Stockholder Nominations and Stockholder Proposals 
 
 Our bylaws provide that with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of persons for election to the board of directors and the proposal of business to be considered by stockholders may be made only (a) by or at the direction of the board of directors, (b) pursuant to our notice of meeting or (c) by a stockholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice procedures of the bylaws. Nominations of persons for election to the board of directors at a special meeting may be made only by or at the direction of the board of directors, and provided that the board of directors has determined that directors will be elected at the meeting, by a stockholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice provisions of the bylaws. 
 
 The purpose of requiring stockholders to give us advance notice of nominations and other business is to afford our board of directors a meaningful opportunity to consider the qualifications of the proposed nominees and the advisability of any other proposed business and, to the extent deemed necessary or desirable by our board of directors, to inform stockholders and make recommendations about such qualifications or business, as well as to provide a more orderly procedure for conducting meetings of stockholders. Although our bylaws do not give our board of directors any power to disapprove stockholder nominations for the election of directors or proposals recommending certain action, they may have the effect of precluding a contest for the election of directors or the consideration of stockholder proposals if proper procedures are not followed and of discouraging or deterring a third party from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of 

directors or to approve its own proposal without regard to whether consideration of such nominees or proposals might be harmful or beneficial to us and our stockholders. 
 
 Action by Stockholders 
 
 Under the DGCL, stockholder action can be taken only at an annual or special meeting of stockholders or by unanimous written consent in lieu of a meeting, unless the certificate of incorporation provides for stockholder action by less than unanimous written consent (which our certificate of incorporation does not). These provisions, combined with the requirements of our bylaws regarding the calling of a stockholder-requested special meeting of stockholders discussed below, may have the effect of delaying consideration of a stockholder proposed until the next annual meeting. 
 
 Stockholder Meetings 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that, except as otherwise required by law, special meetings of the stockholders can only be called by the chairman of the board, the vice chairman of the board, the president, the board of directors or stockholders who own of record a majority of the outstanding shares of each class of stock entitled to vote at the meeting. In addition, our bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting of stockholders, including proposed nominations of candidates for election to the board of directors. 
 Stockholders at an annual meeting may only consider proposals or nominations specified in the notice of meeting or brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the board of directors, or by a stockholder of record on the record date for the meeting who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has delivered timely written notice in proper form to the secretary of the stockholder s intention to bring such business before the meeting. These provisions could have the effect of delaying until the next stockholder meeting stockholder actions that are favored by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 
 
 Conflict with 1940 Act 
 
 Our bylaws provide that, if and to the extent that any provision of the DGCL or any provision of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws conflicts with any provision of the 1940 Act, the applicable provision of the 1940 Act will control. 
 
 B. Debt Securities 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had two series of debt securities outstanding 4.75 notes due February 2026 (the February 2026 Notes and 4.95 notes due October 2028 (the October 2028 Notes ). 
 
 In February 2021, we issued 100.0 million in aggregate principal amount of February 2026 Notes. The February 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of 4.75 per year payable semi-annually in arrears on February 10 and August 10 of each year, commencing on August 10, 2021. The February 2026 Notes were issued under a certain indenture, dated April 16, 2018, by and between the Company and the Trustee (the Base Indenture ), as supplemented by a fifth supplemental indenture, dated February 10, 2021 (the Fifth Supplemental Indenture ). The February 2026 Notes will mature on February 10, 2026, and we may redeem the February 2026 Notes in whole or in part at any time, or from time to time, at our option at par plus a make-whole premium, if applicable. 
 
 In October 2021, we issued 50.0 million in aggregate principal amount of October 2028 Notes. The October 2028 Notes bear interest at a rate of 4.95 per year payable on January 31, April 30, July 31 and October 31 of each year, commencing on January 31, 2022. The October 2028 Notes were issued under the Base Indenture, as supplemented by a sixth supplemental indenture, dated October 28, 2021 (the Sixth Supplemental Indenture (together with the Base Indenture and Fifth Supplemental Indenture, collectively, the Indentures ). The October 2028 Notes will mature on October 31, 2028, and we may redeem the October 2028 Notes in whole or in part at any time, or from time to time, at our option at par plus a make-whole premium, if applicable. 

General 
 
 For purposes of this exhibit, any reference to the payment of principal of or premium or interest, if any, on the Notes will include additional amounts if required by the terms of the Notes. 
 
 The Indentures do not limit the amount of debt securities that may be issued thereunder from time to time. Debt securities issued under the Indentures, when a single trustee is acting for all debt securities issued under the Indentures, are called the Indenture Securities. The Indentures also provide that there may be more than one trustee thereunder, each with respect to one or more different series of Indenture Securities. See Resignation of Trustee section below. At a time when two or more trustees are acting under the Indentures, each with respect to only certain series, the term Indenture Securities means the one or more series of debt securities with respect to which each respective trustee is acting. In the event that there is more than one trustee under the Indentures, the powers and trust obligations of each trustee described in the applicable prospectus supplement will extend only to the one or more series of Indenture Securities for which it is trustee. If two or more trustees are acting under the Indentures, then the Indenture Securities for which each trustee is acting would be treated as if issued under separate Indentures. 
 
 We have the ability to issue Indenture Securities with terms different from those of Indenture Securities previously issued and, without the consent of the holders thereof, to reopen a previous issue of a series of Indenture Securities and issue additional Indenture Securities of that series unless the reopening was restricted when that series was created. 
 
 We expect that we will usually issue debt securities in book entry only form represented by global securities. 
 
 When we refer to you in this exhibit, we mean those who invest in the debt securities being offered under the Indentures, whether they are the holders or only indirect holders of those debt securities. When we refer to your debt securities, we mean the debt securities in which you hold a direct or indirect interest. 
 
 Global Securities 
 
 The Notes were issued as registered securities in book-entry form only. A global security represents one or any other number of individual debt securities. Generally, all debt securities represented by the same global securities will have the same terms. 
 
 Each debt security issued in book-entry form will be represented by a global security that we deposit with and register in the name of a financial institution or its nominee that we select. The financial institution that we select for this purpose is called the depositary. Unless we specify otherwise in the applicable prospectus supplement, The Depository Trust Company, New York, New York, known as DTC, will be the depositary for all debt securities issued in book-entry form. 
 
 A global security may not be transferred to or registered in the name of anyone other than the depositary or its nominee, unless special termination situations arise. We describe those situations below under Termination of a Global Security. As a result of these arrangements, the depositary, or its nominee, will be the sole registered owner and holder of all debt securities represented by a global security, and investors will be permitted to own only beneficial interests in a global security. Beneficial interests must be held by means of an account with a broker, bank or other financial institution that in turn has an account with the depositary or with another institution that has an account with the depositary. Thus, an investor whose security is represented by a global security will not be a holder of the debt security, but only an indirect holder of a beneficial interest in the global security. 
 
 Special Considerations for Global Securities 
 
 As an indirect holder, an investor s rights relating to a global security will be governed by the account rules of the investor s financial institution and of the depositary, as well as general laws relating to securities transfers. The depositary that holds the global security will be considered the holder of the debt securities represented by the global security. 

If debt securities are issued only in the form of a global security, an investor should be aware of the following 
 
 an investor cannot cause the debt securities to be registered in his or her name and cannot obtain certificates for his or her interest in the debt securities, except in the special situations we describe below 
 an investor will be an indirect holder and must look to his or her own bank or broker for payments on the debt securities and protection of his or her legal rights relating to the debt securities 
 an investor may not be able to sell interests in the debt securities to some insurance companies and other institutions that are required by law to own their securities in non-book-entry form 
 an investor may not be able to pledge his or her interest in a global security in circumstances where certificates representing the debt securities must be delivered to the lender or other beneficiary of the pledge in order for the pledge to be effective 
 the depositary s policies, which may change from time to time, will govern payments, transfers, exchanges and other matters relating to an investor s interest in a global security. We and the trustee have no responsibility for any aspect of the depositary s actions or for its records of ownership interests in a global security. We and the trustee also do not supervise the depositary in any way 
 if we redeem less than all the debt securities of a particular series being redeemed, DTC s practice is to determine by lot the amount to be redeemed from each of its participants holding that series 
 an investor is required to give notice of exercise of any option to elect repayment of its debt securities, through its participant, to the applicable trustee and to deliver the related debt securities by causing its participant to transfer its interest in those debt securities, on DTC s records, to the applicable trustee 
 DTC requires that those who purchase and sell interests in a global security deposited in its book-entry system use immediately available funds your broker or bank may also require you to use immediately available funds when purchasing or selling interests in a global security and 
 financial institutions that participate in the depositary s book-entry system, and through which an investor holds its interest in a global security, may also have their own policies affecting payments, notices and other matters relating to the debt securities there may be more than one financial intermediary in the chain of ownership for an investor we do not monitor and are not responsible for the actions of any of those intermediaries. 
 
 Termination of a Global Security 
 
 If a global security is terminated for any reason, interests in it will be exchanged for certificates in non-book-entry form (certificated securities). After that exchange, the choice of whether to hold the certificated debt securities directly or in street name will be up to the investor. Investors must consult their own banks or brokers to find out how to have their interests in a global security transferred on termination to their own names, so that they will be holders. 
 
 The applicable prospectus supplement may list situations for terminating a global security that would apply only to the particular series of debt securities covered by the applicable prospectus supplement. If a global security is terminated, only the depositary, and not we or the applicable trustee, is responsible for deciding the investors in whose names the debt securities represented by the global security will be registered and, therefore, who will be the holders of those debt securities. 
 
 Payment and Paying Agents 
 
 We will pay interest to the person listed in the applicable trustee s records as the owner of the debt security at the close of business on a particular day in advance of each due date for interest, even if that person no longer owns the debt security on the interest due date. That day, often approximately two weeks in advance of the interest due date, is called the record date. Because we will pay all the interest for an interest period to the holders on the record date, holders buying and selling debt securities must work out between themselves the appropriate purchase price. The most common manner is to adjust the sales 

price of the debt securities to prorate interest fairly between buyer and seller based on their respective ownership periods within the particular interest period. This prorated interest amount is called accrued interest. 

Payments on Global Securities 
 
 We will make payments on a global security in accordance with the applicable policies of the depositary as in effect from time to time. Under those policies, we will make payments directly to the depositary, or its nominee, and not to any indirect holders who own beneficial interests in the global security. An indirect holder s right to those payments will be governed by the rules and practices of the depositary and its participants. 
 
 Payment when Offices are Closed 
 
 If any payment is due on a debt security on a day that is not a business day, we will make the payment on the next day that is a business day. Payments made on the next business day in this situation will be treated under the Indentures as if they were made on the original due date, except as otherwise indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement. Such payment will not result in a default under any debt security or the Indentures, and no interest will accrue on the payment amount from the original due date to the next day that is a business day. 
 
 Book-entry and other indirect holders should consult their banks or brokers for information on how they will receive payments on their debt securities. 

Events of Default 
 You will have rights if an Event of Default occurs in respect of the Notes and is not cured, as described later in this subsection. 
 
 The term Event of Default in respect of our debt securities means any of the following (unless the prospectus supplement relating to such debt securities states otherwise) 
 
 we do not pay the principal of, or any premium on, any of the Notes on the due dates, and do not cure this default within five days 
 we do not pay interest on the Notes when due, and such default is not cured within 30 days 
 we do not deposit any sinking fund payment in respect of the Notes on the due date, and do not cure this default within five days 
 we remain in breach of a covenant in respect of the Notes for 60 days after we receive a written notice of default stating we are in breach. The notice must be sent by either the trustee or holders of at least 25 of the principal amount of the respective series of Notes 
 we file for bankruptcy or certain other events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization occur and remain undischarged or unstayed for a period of 60 days 
 on the last business day of each of 24 consecutive calendar months, we have an asset coverage of less than 100 and 
 any other Event of Default in respect of the Notes as described in the applicable prospectus supplement occurs. 
 
 An Event of Default for a particular series of Notes does not necessarily constitute an Event of Default for any other series of Notes issued under the same or any other indenture. The trustee may withhold notice to the holders of Notes of any default, except in the payment of principal, premium or interest, if it considers the withholding of notice to be in the best interests of the holders. 
 
 Remedies if an Event of Default Occurs 
 
 If an Event of Default has occurred and has not been cured, the trustee or the holders of at least 25 in principal amount of the debt securities of the affected series may declare the entire principal amount of all the debt securities of that series to be due and immediately payable. This is called a declaration of acceleration of maturity. In certain circumstances, a declaration of acceleration of maturity may be canceled by the holders of a majority in principal amount of the debt securities of the affected series. 
 
 The trustee is not required to take any action under the Indentures at the request of any holders unless the holders offer the trustee reasonable protection from expenses and liability (called an indemnity ). If reasonable indemnity is provided, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of the relevant series may direct the time, method and place of conducting any lawsuit or other formal legal action seeking any remedy available to the trustee. The trustee may refuse to follow those directions in certain circumstances. No delay or omission in exercising any right or remedy will be treated as a waiver of that right, remedy or Event of Default. 
 
 Before you are allowed to bypass your trustee and bring your own lawsuit or other formal legal action or take other steps to enforce your rights or protect your interests relating to the debt securities, the following must occur 
 
 the holder must give your trustee written notice that an Event of Default has occurred and remains uncured 
 the holders of at least 25 in principal amount of all outstanding debt securities of the relevant series must make a written request that the trustee take action because of the default and must offer reasonable indemnity to the trustee against the cost and other liabilities of taking that action 
 the trustee must not have taken action for 60 days after receipt of the above notice and offer of indemnity and 

the holders of a majority in principal amount of the debt securities must not have given the trustee a direction inconsistent with the above notice during that 60 day period. 
 
 However, you are entitled at any time to bring a lawsuit for the payment of money due on your debt securities on or after the due date. 
 
 Holders of a majority in principal amount of the debt securities of the affected series may waive any past defaults other than 
 the payment of principal, any premium or interest or 
 in respect of a covenant that cannot be modified or amended without the consent of each holder. 
 
 Book-entry and other indirect holders should consult their banks or brokers for information on how to give notice or direction to or make a request of the trustee and how to declare or cancel an acceleration of maturity. 
 
 Each year, we will furnish to each trustee a written statement of certain of our officers certifying that to their knowledge we are in compliance with the Indentures and the debt securities, or else specifying any default. 
 
 Merger or Consolidation 
 
 Under the terms of the Indentures, we are generally permitted to consolidate or merge with another entity. We may also be permitted to sell all or substantially all of our assets to another entity. However, unless the prospectus supplement relating to certain debt securities states otherwise, we may not take any of these actions unless all the following conditions are met 
 
 where we merge out of existence or sell our assets, the resulting entity must agree to be legally responsible for our obligations under the debt securities 
 immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default shall have happened and be continuing 
 under the Indentures, no merger or sale of assets may be made if as a result any of our property or assets or any property or assets of one of our subsidiaries, if any, would become subject to any mortgage, lien or other encumbrance unless either (a) the mortgage, lien or other encumbrance could be created pursuant to the limitation on liens covenant in the Indentures without equally and ratably securing the Indenture Securities or 
 (b) the Indenture Securities are secured equally and ratably with or prior to the debt secured by the mortgage, lien or other encumbrance 
 we must deliver certain certificates and documents to the trustee and 
 we must satisfy any other requirements specified in the applicable prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of the Notes. 
 
 Modification or Waiver 
 
 There are three types of changes we can make to the Indentures and the debt securities issued thereunder. 
 
 Changes Requiring Approval 
 
 First, there are changes that we cannot make to debt securities without specific approval of all of the holders. The following is a list of those types of changes 
 
 change the stated maturity of the principal of or interest on a debt security 
 reduce any amounts due on a debt security 
 reduce the amount of principal payable upon acceleration of the maturity of a security following a default 
 adversely affect any right of repayment at the holder s option 

change the place (except as otherwise described in the applicable prospectus or prospectus supplement) or currency of payment on a debt security 
 impair your right to sue for payment 
 adversely affect any right to convert or exchange a debt security in accordance with its terms 
 modify the subordination provisions in the Indentures in a manner that is adverse to holders of the debt securities 
 reduce the percentage of holders of debt securities whose consent is needed to modify or amend the Indentures 
 reduce the percentage of holders of debt securities whose consent is needed to waive compliance with certain provisions of the Indentures or to waive certain defaults 
 modify any other aspect of the provisions of the Indentures dealing with supplemental indentures, modification and waiver of past defaults, changes to the quorum or voting requirements or the waiver of certain covenants and 
 change any obligation we have to pay additional amounts. 

Changes Not Requiring Approval 
 
 The second type of change does not require any vote by the holders of the debt securities. This type is limited to clarifications and certain other changes that would not adversely affect holders of the outstanding debt securities in any material respect. We also do not need any approval to make any change that affects only debt securities to be issued under the Indentures after the change takes effect. 
 
 Changes Requiring Majority Approval 
 
 Any other change to the Indentures and the debt securities would require the following approval 
 
 if the change affects only one series of debt securities, it must be approved by the holders of a majority in principal amount of that series and 
 if the change affects more than one series of debt securities issued under the same indenture, it must be approved by the holders of a majority in principal amount of all of the series affected by the change, with all affected series voting together as one class for this purpose. 
 
 The holders of a majority in principal amount of all of the series of debt securities issued under an indenture, voting together as one class for this purpose, may waive our compliance with some of our covenants in that indenture. However, we cannot obtain a waiver of a payment default or of any of the matters covered by the bullet points included above under Changes Requiring Approval. 
 
 Further Details Concerning Voting 
 
 When taking a vote, we will use the following rules to decide how much principal to attribute to a debt security 
 
 for original issue discount securities, we will use the principal amount that would be due and payable on the voting date if the maturity of these debt securities were accelerated to that date because of a default 
 for debt securities whose principal amount is not known (for example, because it is based on an index), we will use a special rule for that debt security described in the prospectus supplement and 
 for debt securities denominated in one or more foreign currencies, we will use the U.S. dollar equivalent. 
 
 Debt securities will not be considered outstanding, and therefore not eligible to vote, if we have deposited or set aside in trust money for their payment or redemption. Debt securities will also not be eligible to vote if they have been fully defeased as described later under Defeasance Full Defeasance. 

We will generally be entitled to set any day as a record date for the purpose of determining the holders of outstanding Indenture Securities that are entitled to vote or take other action under the Indentures. If we set a record date for a vote or other action to be taken by holders of one or more series, that vote or action may be taken only by persons who are holders of outstanding Indenture Securities of those series on the record date and must be taken within eleven months following the record date. 
 
 Book-entry and other indirect holders should consult their banks or brokers for information on how approval may be granted or denied if we seek to change the Indenture or the debt securities or request a waiver. 
 
 Defeasance 
 
 The following provisions will be applicable to each series of debt securities unless we state in the applicable prospectus supplement that the provisions of covenant defeasance and full defeasance will not be applicable to that series. 
 
 Covenant Defeasance 
 
 Under current U.S. federal tax law, we can make the deposit described below and be released from some of the restrictive covenants in the Indentures under which the particular series was issued. This is called covenant defeasance. In that event, you would lose the protection of those restrictive covenants but would gain the protection of having money and government securities set aside in trust to repay your debt securities. If applicable, you also would be released from the subordination provisions as described under the Indenture Provisions Subordination section below. In order to achieve covenant defeasance, we must do the following 
 
 if the debt securities of the particular series are denominated in U.S. dollars, we must deposit in trust for the benefit of all holders of such debt securities a combination of money and U.S. government or U.S. government agency notes or bonds that will generate enough cash to make interest, principal and any other payments on the debt securities on their various due dates 
 we must deliver to the trustee a legal opinion of our counsel confirming that, under current U.S. federal income tax law, we may make the above deposit without causing you to be taxed on the debt securities any differently than if we did not make the deposit and just repaid the debt securities ourselves at maturity and 
 we must deliver to the trustee a legal opinion of our counsel stating that the above deposit does not require registration by us under the 1940 Act, as amended, and a legal opinion and officers certificate stating that all conditions precedent to covenant defeasance have been complied with. 
 
 If we accomplish covenant defeasance, you can still look to us for repayment of the debt securities if there were a shortfall in the trust deposit or the trustee is prevented from making payment. For example, if one of the remaining Events of Default occurred (such as our bankruptcy) and the debt securities became immediately due and payable, there might be a shortfall. Depending on the event causing the default, you may not be able to obtain payment of the shortfall. 
 
 Full Defeasance 
 
 If there is a change in U.S. federal tax law, as described below, we can legally release ourselves from all payment and other obligations on the debt securities of a particular series (called full defeasance if we put in place the following other arrangements for you to be repaid 
 
 if the debt securities of the particular series are denominated in U.S. dollars, we must deposit in trust for the benefit of all holders of such debt securities a combination of money and United States government or United States government agency notes or bonds that will generate enough cash to make interest, principal and any other payments on the debt securities on their various due dates 
 we must deliver to the trustee a legal opinion confirming that there has been a change in current U.S. federal tax law or an IRS ruling that allows us to make the above deposit without causing you to be taxed on the debt 

securities any differently than if we did not make the deposit and just repaid the debt securities ourselves at maturity. Under current U.S. federal tax law, the deposit and our legal release from the debt securities would be treated as though we paid you your share of the cash and notes or bonds at the time the cash and notes or bonds were deposited in trust in exchange for your debt securities and you would recognize gain or loss on the debt securities at the time of the deposit and 
 we must deliver to the trustee a legal opinion of our counsel stating that the above deposit does not require registration by us under the 1940 Act, as amended, and a legal opinion and officers certificate stating that all conditions precedent to defeasance have been complied with. 
 
 If we ever did accomplish full defeasance, as described above, you would have to rely solely on the trust deposit for repayment of the debt securities. You could not look to us for repayment in the unlikely event of any shortfall. Conversely, the trust deposit would most likely be protected from claims of our lenders and other creditors if we ever became bankrupt or insolvent. If applicable, you would also be released from the subordination provisions described later under Indenture Provisions Subordination. 
 
 Form, Exchange and Transfer of Certificated Registered Securities 
 
 The Notes are represented by global securities that were deposited and registered in the name of DTC or its nominee. 
 Beneficial interests in the Notes are represented through book-entry accounts of financial institutions acting on behalf of beneficial owners as direct and indirect participants in DTC. Investors may elect to hold interests in the Notes through either DTC, if they are a participant, or indirectly through organizations that are participants in DTC. 
 
 Resignation of Trustee 
 
 Each trustee may resign or be removed with respect to one or more series of Indenture Securities provided that a successor trustee is appointed to act with respect to these series. In the event that two or more persons are acting as trustee with respect to different series of Indenture Securities under the Indentures, each of the trustees will be a trustee of a trust separate and apart from the trust administered by any other trustee. 
 
 Indenture Provisions Subordination 
 Upon any distribution of our assets upon our dissolution, winding up, liquidation or reorganization, the payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest, if any, on any Indenture Securities denominated as subordinated debt securities is to be subordinated to the extent provided in the Indentures in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all senior indebtedness (as defined below), but our obligation to you to make payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest, if any, on such subordinated debt securities will not otherwise be affected. In addition, no payment on account of principal (or premium, if any), sinking fund or interest, if any, may be made on such subordinated debt securities at any time unless full payment of all amounts due in respect of the principal (and premium, if any), sinking fund and interest on senior indebtedness has been made or duly provided for in money or money s worth. 
 
 In the event that, notwithstanding the foregoing, any payment by us is received by the trustee in respect of subordinated debt securities or by the holders of any of such subordinated debt securities before all senior indebtedness is paid in full, the payment or distribution must be paid over to the holders of the senior indebtedness or on their behalf for application to the payment of all the senior indebtedness remaining unpaid until all the senior indebtedness has been paid in full, after giving effect to any concurrent payment or distribution to the holders of the senior indebtedness. Subject to the payment in full of all senior indebtedness upon this distribution by us, the holders of such subordinated debt securities will be subrogated to the rights of the holders of the senior indebtedness to the extent of payments made to the holders of the senior indebtedness out of the distributive share of such subordinated debt securities. 
 
 By reason of this subordination, in the event of a distribution of our assets upon our insolvency, certain of our senior creditors may recover more, ratably, than holders of any subordinated debt securities. The Indentures provide that these subordination provisions will not apply to money and securities held in trust under the defeasance provisions of the Indentures. 

Senior indebtedness is defined in the Indentures as the principal of (and premium, if any) and unpaid interest on 
 
 our indebtedness (including indebtedness of others guaranteed by us), whenever created, incurred, assumed or guaranteed, for money borrowed (other than Indenture Securities issued under the Indentures and denominated as subordinated debt securities), unless in the instrument creating or evidencing the same or under which the same is outstanding it is provided that this indebtedness is not senior or prior in right of payment to the subordinated debt securities and 
 renewals, extensions, modifications and refinancings of any of this indebtedness. 
 
 The applicable prospectus supplement will set forth the approximate amount of our senior indebtedness outstanding as of a recent date. 
 
 The Trustee under the Indenture 
 
 U.S. Bank National Association will serve as the trustee under the Indentures. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.8>
 3
 ofsamholdings-assignmentan.htm
 EX-10.8

Document 

Exhibit 10.8 
 ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 
 THIS ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT (this Agreement is entered into as of January 10, 2023, by and among Orchard First Source Asset Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Assignor ), Orchard First Source Asset Management Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Assignee ), and OFS Capital Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), solely for the purpose of Section 4 herein. 
 WHEREAS , on December 22, 2022, Assignee acquired 100 of the membership interests in Assignor and 
 WHEREAS , Assignee is an affiliate of Assignor and 
 WHEREAS , on January 9, 2023, Assignor transferred 2,946,474 shares of common stock of the Company to Assignee (the Share Transfer and 
 WHEREAS , Assignor is party to that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 7, 2012, by and between the Company and Assignor (the Registration Rights Agreement and 
 WHEREAS , Assignor may transfer its rights and obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement to Assignee provided that Assignor and Assignee comply with Section 2.4 of the Registration Rights Agreement and 
 WHEREAS , in connection with the Share Transfer, Assignor desires to assign all of its rights and obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement to Assignee and Assignee desires to assume such rights and obligations. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the mutual agreements and covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Defined Terms . Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Registration Rights Agreement. 
 2. Assignment . Assignor hereby assigns and conveys to Assignee for the benefit of Assignee, its successors and assigns, all of Assignor s right, title and interest in, to and under the Registration Rights Agreement, together with all rights, privileges and benefits appertaining thereto (collectively with the Registration Rights Agreement, the Assigned Rights ). 
 3. Assumption . Assignee hereby accepts the assignment and conveyance of the Assigned Rights by Assignor pursuant to Section 2 above and does hereby assume, and undertake and agree to hereafter perform in accordance with their terms, any and all of the obligations and commitments of Assignor relating to the Assigned Rights and be bound by and subject to the terms and conditions of the Registration Rights Agreement. 
 4. Notice of Assignment . The Company hereby acknowledges that written notice of the Assigned Rights has been provided to the Company in accordance with Section 2.4 of the Registration Rights Agreement. 

5. Notices . Notices to Assignee under Section 5.2 of the Registration Rights Agreement shall be directed to 
 Orchard First Source Asset Management Holdings, LLC 
 10 S. Wacker Drive, Suite 2500 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Telephone No. (847) 734-2000 
 Attention Tod K. Reichert 
 Email treichert ofsmanagement.com 
 
 6. Benefit of the Agreement . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, shall confer on any person or entity other than the parties hereto, and their respective successors and permitted assigns, any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, including any third party beneficiary rights. 
 7. Headings . The headings used in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 8. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of New York without regard to applicable choice of law provisions thereof. 
 9. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but both of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, it being understood that all of the parties hereto need not sign the same counterpart. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by facsimile or electronic mail shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Assignment and Assumption Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first written above. 
 
 ASSIGNOR 
 Orchard First Source Asset Management, LLC 
 
 By s Jeffrey A. Cerny Name Jeffrey A. Cerny Title Vice President 
 
 ASSIGNEE 
 Orchard First Source Asset Management Holdings, LLC 
 
 By s Tod K. Reichert Name Tod K. Reichert Title General Counsel and Secretary 
 
 Signature Page to Assignment and Assumption Agreement 

Acknowledged and Agreed, solely for the purpose of Section 4 herein 
 COMPANY 
 OFS Capital Corporation 
 
 By s Tod K. Reichert Name Tod K. Reichert Title Corporate Secretary 
 Signature Page to Assignment and Assumption Agreement 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.27>
 4
 bnpofsabl-secondamendmentt.htm
 EX-10.27

Document 
 Exhibit 10.27 
 EXECUTION VERSION 

This SECOND AMENDMENT TO THE REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT (this Amendment ), dated as of February 2, 2023 (the Amendment Date ), is entered into by and among OFSCC-FS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as the borrower (the Borrower ), the LENDERS party to the Revolving Credit Agreement, BNP PARIBAS, as the administrative agent for the Secured Parties (the Administrative Agent ), OFSCC-FS HOLDINGS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as equityholder (the Equityholder ), OFS CAPITAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation, as servicer (the Servicer ), and VIRTUS GROUP, LP, as collateral administrator (the Collateral Administrator ). 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto, the Administrative Agent, the Equityholder, the Servicer, CITIBANK, N.A., as collateral agent, and the Collateral Administrator are party to the Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of June 20, 2019 (as amended from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Revolving Credit Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to amend the Revolving Credit Agreement, in accordance with Section 13.01(b) of the Revolving Credit Agreement subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows 
 ARTICLE I 
 Definitions 
 SECTION 1.1 Defined Terms . Terms used but not defined herein have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Revolving Credit Agreement. 
 ARTICLE II Amendments to Revolving Credit Agreement 
 SECTION 2.1 As of the Amendment Date the Revolving Credit Agreement (including the exhibits thereto) is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text and to add the bold and double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example bold and double-underlined text as set forth on the pages attached as Appendix A hereto. 

1 

ARTICLE III 
 Representations and Warranties 
 SECTION 3.1 The Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder hereby represent and warrant to the Administrative Agent and the Lender that, as of the Amendment Date, (i) no Default, Event of Default, Potential Servicer Removal Event or Servicer Removal Event has occurred and is continuing or shall occur on the Amendment Date after giving effect to this Amendment and the transaction contemplated hereby and (ii) the representations and warranties of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder contained in Sections 4.01, 4.02 and 4.03 of the Revolving Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Amendment Date (other than any representation and warranty that is made as of a specific date). 
 ARTICLE IV Conditions Precedent 
 SECTION 4.1 This Amendment will be effective upon the satisfaction of each of the following conditions 
 a. the execution and delivery of this Amendment by the parties hereto and 
 b. all fees due and owing to the Administrative Agent and each Lender on or prior to the Amendment Date have been paid. 
 ARTICLE V Miscellaneous 
 SECTION 5.1 Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 
 SECTION 5.2 Severability Clause . In case any provision in this Amendment deemed to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Amendment remain in full force and effect. 
 SECTION 5.3 Ratification . Except as expressly amended hereby, the Revolving Credit Agreement is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof will remain in full force and effect. When effective, this Amendment will form a part of the Revolving Credit Agreement for all purposes and reference to this specific Amendment need not be made in the Revolving Credit Agreement or any other instrument or document executed in connection therewith, or in any certificate, letter or communication issued or made pursuant to or with respect to the Revolving Credit Agreement, any reference in any of 
 2 

such items to the Revolving Credit Agreement being sufficient to refer to the Revolving Credit Agreement as amended hereby. On and after the effectiveness of this Amendment, this Amendment shall for all purposes constitute a Facility Document and each reference in the Revolving Credit Agreement to herein , hereunder or words of like import referring to the Revolving Credit Agreement and each reference in any other Facility Document to Revolving Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Revolving Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Revolving Credit Agreement as amended hereby. The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment shall not constitute a waiver of any provision of or operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy under the Revolving Credit Agreement or any of the other Facility Documents. This Amendment shall not constitute a novation of the obligations and liabilities of the parties under the Revolving Credit Agreement or the other Facility Documents as in effect on or prior to the Amendment Date. 
 SECTION 5.4 Counterparts . The parties hereto may sign one or more copies of this Amendment in counterparts, all of which together constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or email transmission is effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. This Amendment shall be valid, binding and enforceable against a party when executed and delivered by an authorized individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) an original manual signature (ii) a faxed, scanned or photocopied manual signature or (iii) any other electronic signature permitted by the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including any relevant provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code (collectively, Signature Law ), in each case, to the extent applicable provided that no electronic signatures may be affixed through the use of a third-party service provider. Each faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any other party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, original manual signatures shall be used for execution or indorsement of writings when required under the Uniform Commercial Code or other Signature Law due to the character or intended character of the writings. 
 SECTION 5.5 Headings . The headings of the Articles and Sections in this Amendment are for convenience of reference only and are not deemed to alter or affect the meaning or interpretation of any provisions hereof. 
 SECTION 5.6 Direction to Execute . The Administrative Agent hereby authorizes and directs the Collateral Agent to execute this Amendment. 
 Signature Pages Follow 
 3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the Amendment Date. 
 BORROWER 
 OFSCC-FS, LLC 
 By s Tod K. Reichert Name Tod K. Reichert Title Managing Director 

Second Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

SERVICER 
 OFS CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 By s Tod K. Reichert Name Tod K. Reichert Title Corporate Secretary 
 Second Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

EQUITYHOLDER 
 OFSCC-FS HOLDINGS, LLC 
 By s Tod K. Reichert Name Tod K. Reichert Title Managing Director 

Second Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 BNP PARIBAS , as Administrative Agent 
 By s Meredith Middleton Name Meredith Middleton Title Director 
 By s Geetanjali Mittal Name Geetanjali Mittal Title Director 
 
 Second Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

LENDER 
 BNP PARIBAS , as Lender 
 
 By s Meredith Middleton Name Meredith Middleton Title Director 
 By s Geetanjali Mittal Name Geetanjali Mittal Title Director 

Second Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

LENDER 
 MITSUBISHI HC CAPITAL AMERICA, INC. , as Lender 
 By s James M. Giaimo Name James M. Giaimo Title Chief Credit Officer 
 
 Second Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

COLLATERAL ADMINISTRATOR 
 VIRTUS GROUP, LP 
 By Rocket Partners Holdings, LLC, its General Partner 
 By s Lisa Baltagi Name Lisa Baltagi Title Authorized Signatory 
 Second Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

APPENDIX A 

ARTICLE VI EXECUTION VERSION 
 Conformed through First Second Amendment, dated as of June 24 Februar y 2 , 2022 2023 

REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 among OFSCC-FS, LLC, 
 as Borrower, 
 THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTIES HERETO, BNP PARIBAS, 
 as Administrative Agent, 
 
 OFSCC-FS HOLDINGS, LLC, 
 as Equityholder, 
 
 OFS CAPITAL CORPORATION, 
 as Servicer, 
 
 VIRTUS GROUP, LP, 
 as Collateral Administrator, and 
 CITIBANK, N.A., 
 as Collateral Agent 

Dated as of June 20, 2019 
 
 USActive 58387584.1 58387591.4 

continuation of his or her service as Independent Manager is not (i) an employee, director, stockholder, member, manager, partner or officer of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates (other than his or her service as an Independent Manager of the Borrower or other Affiliates that are structured to be bankruptcy remote (ii) a customer or supplier of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates (other than his or her service as an Independent Manager of the Borrower or any such Affiliate) (iii) a Person controlling or under common control with any partner, shareholder, member, manager, Affiliate or supplier of the Borrower or any Affiliate of the Borrower or (iv) any member of the immediate family of a person described in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) provided that an independent manager may serve in similar capacities for other special purpose entities established from time to time by Affiliates of the Borrower and (B) has (i) prior experience as an Independent Manager for a corporation or limited liability company whose charter documents required the unanimous consent of all Independent Managers thereof before such corporation or limited liability company could consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it or could file a petition seeking relief under any applicable federal or state law relating to bankruptcy and (ii) at least three years of employment experience with one or more entities that provide, in the ordinary course of their respective businesses, advisory, management or placement services to issuers of securitization or structured finance instruments, agreements or securities. 
 
 Individual Lender Maximum Funding Amount means, as to each Lender, the maximum amount of Advances to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01 in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding for such Lender up to but not exceeding the amount set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 1 or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Individual Lender Maximum Funding Amount, as applicable, as such amount may be reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.07, increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.19(d) in connection with a Facility Increase or increased or reduced from time to time pursuant to assignments effected in accordance with Section 13.06(a). 
 
 Ineligible Collateral Loan means, at any time, a Collateral Loan or any portion thereof, that fails to satisfy any criteria of the definition of Eligible Collateral Loan as of the date when such criteria are applicable it being understood that such criteria in the definition of Eligible Collateral Loan that is specified to be applicable only as of the date of acquisition of such Collateral Loan shall not be applicable after the date of acquisition of such Collateral Loan. 
 
 Initial Approved List has the meaning specified in Section 2.02 hereof. 
 
 Initial AUP Report Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
 8.09(a). 
 Insolvency Event means, with respect to a specified Person, (a) the filing of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of such Person or any substantial part of its property in an involuntary case under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable insolvency law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official for such Person or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of such Person s affairs, and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in effect for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days or 
 
 USActive 58387584.1 58387591.4 -31- 

(b) the commencement by such Person of a voluntary case under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable insolvency law now or hereafter in effect, or the consent by such Person to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or the consent by such Person to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official for such Person or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by such Person of any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure by such Person generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of action by such Person in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 
 Instrument has the meaning specified in Section 9-102(a)(47) of the UCC. Interest means, for any day during an Interest Accrual Period with respect to 
 the Advances made with respect to each Class, the sum of the products (for each day elapsed during such Interest Accrual Period) of 
 
 where 
 
 IR the Interest Rate for such Class for such Interest Accrual Period 
 
 P the principal amount of the Advances made in respect of such Class outstanding on such day and 
 
 D 360 days. 
 
 Interest Accrual Period means (a) with respect to the first Payment Date, the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the first day of the calendar month in which the first Payment Date occurs and (b) with respect to any subsequent Payment Date, the period from and including the first day of the calendar month in which the preceding Payment Date occurred to but excluding the first day of the calendar month in which such Payment Date occurs provided that the final Interest Accrual Period hereunder ends on and includes the day prior to the payment in full of the Advances hereunder. 
 
 Interest Collection Subaccount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.02(a). 
 
 Interest Coverage Ratio means, on any Determination Date, the percentage 
 equal to 
 a. (i) an amount equal to the Collateral Interest Amount at such time minus 
 (ii) the amount payable on the Payment Date immediately following such date of determination pursuant to Sections 9.01(a)(i)(A) and C B divided by 
 b. the amount payable on the Payment Date immediately following such date of determination pursuant to Section 9.01(a)(i)( B C ). 
 USActive 58387584.1 58387591.4 -32- 

if the same can be obtained without undue expense or effort, all other documents evidencing, securing, guarantying, governing or giving rise to such Collateral Loan. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 
 
 Relevant Test Period means, with respect to any Collateral Loan, the relevant test period for the calculation of EBITDA, Debt Service Coverage Ratio or Senior Net Leverage Ratio, as applicable, for such Collateral Loan in the applicable Related Documents or, if no such period is provided for therein, for Obligors delivering monthly financial statements, each period of the last twelve consecutive reported calendar months provided that any such monthly financial statements will not be deemed reported hereunder until the date that is (10) Business Days after the date of receipt by the Borrower thereof), and for Obligors delivering quarterly financial statements, each period of the last four consecutive reported fiscal quarters of the principal Obligor on such Collateral Loan provided that, with respect to any Collateral Loan for which the relevant test period is not provided for in the applicable Related Documents, if an Obligor is a newly-formed entity as to which twelve consecutive calendar months have not yet elapsed, Relevant Test Period shall initially include the period from the date of formation of such Obligor or closing date of the applicable Collateral Loan to the end of the twelfth calendar month or fourth fiscal quarter (as the case may be) from the date of formation or closing, as applicable, and shall subsequently include each period of the last twelve consecutive reported calendar months or four consecutive reported fiscal quarters (as the case may be) of such Obligor. 
 Replacement Servicer has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
 11.01 (c). 
 Requested Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.03. 
 Required Lenders means, as of any date of determination, the Administrative 
 Agent and Lenders having aggregate Percentages greater than or equal to 66 2 3 provided , however that in addition to the foregoing, if there are (x) exactly two (2) Lenders that are not Affiliates at such time, both Lenders shall be required to constitute Required Lenders and (y) more than two (2) Lenders that are not Affiliates at such time, at least two (2) Lenders that are not Affiliates shall be required to constitute Required Lenders provided, further , that if any Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender at such time, then Advances owing to such Defaulting Lender and such Defaulting Lender s unfunded Individual Lender Maximum Funding Amounts shall be excluded from the determination of Required Lenders. 
 Responsible Officer means (a) in the case of (i) a corporation or (ii) a partnership or limited liability company that, in each case, pursuant to its Constituent Documents, has officers, any chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief administrative officer, managing director, president, senior vice president, vice president, assistant vice president, treasurer, director or manager, and, in any case where two Responsible Officers are acting on behalf of such entity, the second such Responsible Officer may be a secretary or assistant secretary (provided that a director or manager of the Borrower shall be a Responsible 
 USActive 58387584.1 58387591.4 -45- 

the Collateral hereunder, the consummation of the transactions herein or therein contemplated, or compliance by it with the terms, conditions and provisions hereof or thereof, will (i) conflict with, or result in a material breach or violation of, or constitute a default under its Constituent Documents in any material respect or (ii) conflict with or contravene in any material respect, and with respect to clause (B), result in the creation of a Lien (other than Permitted Liens) under, (A) any Applicable Law, (B) any indenture, agreement or other contractual restriction binding on or affecting it or any of its assets, including any Related Document, or (C) any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction or decree binding on or affecting it or any of its assets or properties. 
 (f) Governmental Authorizations Private Authorizations Governmental Filings . It has obtained, maintained and kept in full force and effect all Governmental Authorizations and Private Authorizations which are necessary for it to properly carry out its business, except where the failure to do so does not and would not have a Material Adverse Effect, and made all material Governmental Filings necessary for the execution and delivery by it of the Facility Documents to which it is a party, the Advances under this Agreement, the pledge of the Collateral under this Agreement and the performance by it of its obligations under this Agreement and the other Facility Documents to which it is a party. 
 
 (g) Compliance with Agreements, Laws, Etc. It has duly observed and complied with all Applicable Laws relating to the conduct of its business and its assets, except where the failure to do so does not and would not have a Material Adverse Effect. It has preserved and kept in full force and effect its legal existence. It has preserved and kept in full force and effect its rights, privileges, qualifications and franchises, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (h) Location . Its office in which it maintains its limited liability company books and records is located at the addresses set forth on Schedule 5. Its registered office and jurisdiction of organization is the jurisdiction referred to in Section 4.01(a). 
 
 (i) Investment Company Act . Assuming compliance by each of the Lenders and any Participant with Section 13.06, neither it nor the pool of Collateral is required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 
 (j) ERISA . Neither it nor any member of the ERISA Group has, or during the past six years had, any liability or obligation with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (k) Volcker Rule . To the knowledge of the Borrower, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Facility Documents do not result in any Lender or the Administrative Agent holding an ownership interest in a covered fund for purposes of the Volcker Rule. 
 
 (l) Taxes . It is a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. It has filed all income tax returns and all other material tax returns which are required to be filed by it, if any, and has paid all income taxes and all other material taxes shown to be due and payable on such returns, if any, or pursuant to any assessment received by any such Person other than any such taxes, assessments or charges that are being contested in good faith by appropriate 

USActive 58387584.1 58387591.4 -77- 

indemnities afforded to Citibank, N.A. or the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Article XII shall also be afforded to Citibank, N.A. or the Collateral Agent acting in such capacities provided that such rights, protections, benefits, immunities and indemnities shall be in addition to, and not in limitation of, any rights, protections, benefits, immunities and indemnities provided in the Custodian Agreement, Account Control Agreement or any other Facility Documents to which Citibank, N.A. or the Collateral Agent in such capacity is a party. 
 (l) The Collateral Agent shall not have any obligation to determine if a Collateral Loan meets the criteria specified in the definition of Eligible Collateral Loan. 
 
 (m) The Collateral Administrator shall be entitled to the same rights, protections and indemnities as set forth with respect to the Collateral Agent in this Article XII. 
 ARTICLE XIII 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 13.01 No Waiver Modifications in Writing . 
 (a) No failure or delay on the part of any Secured Party exercising any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. Any waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Facility Document, and any consent to any departure by any party to this Agreement or any other Facility Document from the terms of any provision of this Agreement or such other Facility Document, shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given. No notice to or demand on the Borrower or the Servicer in any case shall entitle the Borrower or the Servicer to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. 
 
 (b) No amendment, modification, supplement or waiver of this Agreement shall be effective unless signed by the Borrower, the Servicer, the Administrative Agent , the Collateral Administrator and the Required Lenders provided that 
 
 (i) any Fundamental Amendment shall require the written consent of all Lenders affected thereby and 
 
 (ii) no such amendment, modification, supplement or waiver shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of any Agent or the Collateral Administrator hereunder without the prior written consent of such Agent or Collateral Administrator . 
 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in connection with the increase of the Individual Lender Maximum Funding Amounts hereunder, only the consent of the Lender increasing its Individual Lender Maximum Funding Amount (or providing a new Individual Lender Maximum Funding Amount) shall be required for any amendment that effects such increase in Individual Lender Maximum Funding Amounts. 

USActive 58387584.1 58387591.4 -137- 

ARTICLE VII SCHEDULE 1 
 
 INITIAL INDIVIDUAL LENDER MAXIMUM FUNDING AMOUNTS AND PERCENTAGES 
 
 Lender 
 Individual Lender Maximum Funding Amount 
 Percentage of Individual Lender Maximum Funding Amounts 
 BNP Paribas 
 An amount equal to the Facility Amount 130,000,000 
 100 86.66666 
 Mitsubishi HC Capital America, Inc. 
 20,000,000 
 13.33333 

USActive 58399186.1 58399186.2 Sch. 1-1 

Servicer 
 
 OFS Capital Corporation 10 S Wacker Dr #2500 
 Chicago, IL 60606 Attention Tod Reichert Fax No. (847) 734-7910 
 Email treichert ofsmanagement.com 

With a copy to 
 
 Dechert LLP Three Bryant Park 
 1095 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10036-6797 
 Attention Jay R. Alicandri Telephone (212) 698-3800 
 
 Administrative Agent 
 
 BNP Paribas 
 Solutions Portfolio Management 787 7th Avenue 
 New York, New York 10019 Telephone No. 917-472-4841 
 Facsimile No. 212-841-2140 
 E-mail dl.bnpp.ofs.acquisition us.bnpparibas.com Attention Jasen Yang 
 
 Lender 
 
 BNP Paribas 
 Loan Servicing 
 525 Washington Blvd, 8th Floor Jersey City, New Jersey 07310 Attention NYLS FIG Support Facsimile no. 201-850-4014 
 E-mail nyls.fig.support us.bnpparibas.com 
 
 Mitsubishi HC Capital America, Inc. 800 Connecticut Ave. 
 Norwalk, CT 06854 
 
 Collateral Agent 
 
 USActive 58399186.1 58399186.2 Sch. 5-2 

EXHIBIT F 

AGREED-UPON PROCEDURES FOR INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 
 
 In accordance with Section 8.09 of the Revolving Credit and Security Agreement dated as of June 20, 2019 among OFSCC-FS, LLC, as borrower (the Borrower ), the lenders from time to time parties thereto, BNP Paribas, as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ), OFSCC-FS Holdings, LLC, as equityholder, OFS Capital Corporation, as servicer (the Servicer ), Citibank, N.A., as collateral agent, and Virtus Group, LP, as collateral administrator (as the same may from time to time be amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified, the Revolving Credit Agreement ), the Servicer will cause a firm of nationally recognized independent public accountants to furnish in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants a report to the effect that such accountants have verified, compared to the systems, underwriting files, compliance certificates, underlying loan documents, or other relevant materials, or recalculated each of the following items in the Monthly Report or the Payment Date Report, as applicable, to the applicable system or records of the Servicer 
 
 Collateral Loan List 
 Loan Type (First Lien Loan, First Lien Last Out Loan, Second Lien Loan) 
 Loan Class (Class 1 Loan, Class 1A Loan, Class 2 Loan, Class 3 Loan) 
 Principal Balance 
 Adjusted Principal Balance 
 
 Collateral Loan Purchase Date (date Collateral Loan was added to facility) 
 Purchase Price 
 Collateral Loan Maturity Date 
 Interest Rate (Floating Fixed), Index, LIBOR Floor, spread, PIK 
 Moody s Industry Classification 
 Moody s and S&P ratings (if applicable) 
 
 Unfunded Amount 
 Net Senior Debt Leverage Ratio and Net Total Debt Leverage Ratio 
 Debt Service Coverage Ratio 
 Interest Coverage Ratio 
 Borrowing Base 
 Advances Outstanding 
 Discretionary Sales Calculations in accordance with Section 10.01(a) 
 Defaulted Collateral Loan Sales Calculations in accordance with Section 10.03(a)(iv) (includes substitutions) 
 Excess Concentration Amounts 
 Minimum OC Coverage Test by Class 
 Priority of Payments in accordance with Section 9.01 of the Revolving Credit Agreement 
 
 At the discretion of the Administrative Agent and a firm of nationally recognized independent public accountants, one Monthly Report and one Payment Date Report beginning 

EXHIBIT F 
 
 with the 2019 fiscal year will be chosen and reviewed in accordance with Section 8.09 of the Revolving Credit Agreement. 
 
 The report provided by such firm may be in a format typically utilized for a report of this nature provided that it will consist of at a minimum (i) a list of material deviations from the Monthly Report and Payment Date Report and (ii) the reason for such material deviations, and set forth the findings in such report. Subject to Section 8.09 of the Revolving Credit Agreement, the format and content of the agreed upon procedures described above may be revised by the Administrative Agent and the Servicer without the necessity of an amendment to the Revolving Credi t Agreement. 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 ofscc202210-kexhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 OFSCC-CGA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 OFSCC-FS Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 OFSCC-FS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 OFSCC-MB, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 OFS SBIC I GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 OFS SBIC I, LP, a Delaware limited liability company. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 kpmgexhibit231consent2022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement on Form N-2 of our report dated March 3, 2023, with respect to the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of OFS Capital Corporation and subsidiaries, including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and accompanying supplementary information, which report appears in the December 31, 2022 annual report on Form 10-K of OFS Capital Corporation. We also consent to the reference to our firm under the heading Senior Securities in the Form 10-K. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 March 3, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ofscc202210-kexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 I, Bilal Rashid, Chief Executive Officer of OFS Capital Corporation certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of OFS Capital Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated this 3rd day of March 2023. By s Bilal Rashid Bilal Rashid Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ofscc202210-kexhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 I, Jeffrey A. Cerny, Chief Financial Officer of OFS Capital Corporation certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of OFS Capital Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated this 3rd day of March 2023. By s Jeffrey A. Cerny Jeffrey A. Cerny Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ofscc202210-kexhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of OFS Capital Corporation (the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Bilal Rashid, the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. s Bilal Rashid Name Bilal Rashid Date March 3, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 ofscc202210-kexhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of OFS Capital Corporation (the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Jeffrey A. Cerny, the Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. s Jeffrey A. Cerny Name Jeffrey A. Cerny Date March 3, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 ofs-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 ofs-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 ofs-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 ofs-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 ofs-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

