<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230310_10-K_edgar_data_1353282_0001564590-23-003392.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8787560</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>123202</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>856512</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3694847</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1098305</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2831298</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-23-003392.hdr.sgml : 20230310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310111643
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-23-003392
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MANAGED FUTURES PREMIER WARRINGTON L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001353282
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				203845577
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52603
		FILM NUMBER:		23722285

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O WARRINGTON GP, LLC
		STREET 2:		200 CRESCENT COURT, SUITE 520
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		214-230-2103

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O WARRINGTON GP, LLC
		STREET 2:		200 CRESCENT COURT, SUITE 520
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WARRINGTON FUND LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090928

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SMITH BARNEY WARRINGTON FUND LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090625

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SMITH BARNEY WARRINGTON FUND L P
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060214

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-23-003392.txt : 20230310

10-K
 1
 ck1353282-10k_20221231.htm
 2022 MFPW 10-K

ck1353282-10k_20221231.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 

(I.R.S. Employer 

incorporation or organization) 

Identification No.) 

, 
 , 
 (Address and Zip Code of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

(Title of Class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of the chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Limited Partnership Redeemable Units with an aggregate value of of Class A and of Class D were outstanding and held by non-affiliates as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 
 As of February 28, 2023, Limited Partnership Class A Redeemable Units were outstanding and Limited Partnership Class D Redeemable Units were outstanding. 

Auditor Firm Id: 

Auditor Name: 

Auditor Location: 
 
 24 Greenway Plaza, Suite 1800, 77046, USA 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business . 

(a) 
 
 General Development of Business . 

 Managed Futures Premier Warrington L.P. (formerly known as Warrington Fund L.P.) (the Partnership is a limited partnership organized on November 28, 2005, under the partnership laws of the State of New York to engage in the speculative trading of commodity interests including futures and option contracts. The Partnership does not currently intend to, but may in the future, engage in transactions in spot and forward markets. The Partnership primarily trades futures and options in the stock indices sector. The Partnership may also hold U.S. Treasury Bills T-Bills ). The Partnership commenced trading on February 21, 2006. The commodity interests that are traded by the Partnership are volatile and involve a high degree of market risk. The Partnership privately and continuously offers redeemable units of limited partnership interest Redeemable Units in the Partnership to qualified investors. There is no maximum number of Redeemable Units that may be sold by the Partnership. 
 Subscriptions and redemptions of Redeemable Units and General Partner (as defined below) contributions and redemptions for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are reported in the Statements of Changes in Partners Capital on page 25 under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 Effective as of the close of business on March 31, 2015, Warrington GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, acts as the general partner (the General Partner and commodity pool operator of the Partnership. The General Partner is beneficially owned by Scott C. Kimple. Warrington Advisors, LLC is the Managing Member of the General Partner, which is ultimately controlled by Scott C. Kimple. From inception to the close of business on March 31, 2015, Ceres Managed Futures LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, acted as the general partner CMF GP and commodity pool operator of the Partnership. On January 9, 2015, Scott C. Kimple proposed in a Proxy Statement, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and distributed to Limited Partners (defined below), that Warrington GP, LLC become the new general partner of the Partnership. The requisite number of each class of limited partnership interests approved the proposals described in the Proxy Statement, and, as a result, Warrington GP, LLC became the new general partner of the Partnership effective as of the close of business on March 31, 2015. CMF GP withdrew as the general partner of the Partnership immediately following Warrington GP, LLC becoming the Partnership s new general partner. References to the General Partner herein refer to Warrington GP, LLC and/or CMF GP, as the context requires. 
 Effective as of the close of business on March 31, 2015, Warrington SLP, LP, a Delaware limited liability company and an affiliate of the General Partner, became a special limited partner of the Partnership (the Special Limited Partner and receives a quarterly profit share allocation from the Partnership, subject to a high water mark. 
 All of the trading decisions for the Partnership are made by Warrington Asset Management LLC (the Advisor ), an affiliate of the General Partner, using the Strategic Trading Program (formerly, the Core Trading Program ), a proprietary trading program. A description of the trading activities and focus of the Advisor is included on page 10 under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
 The General Partner is not aware of any material changes to the trading program discussed above during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 On June 15, 2011, the Partnership began offering Class A Redeemable Units and Class D Redeemable Units pursuant to the offering memorandum. All outstanding Redeemable Units on June 15, 2011 were designated Class A Redeemable Units. The rights, powers, duties and obligations associated with the investment in Class A Redeemable Units were not changed. On October 1, 2011, the first Class D Redeemable Units were issued to limited partners of the Partnership (each a Limited Partner ). Class A Redeemable Units and Class D Redeemable Units will each be referred to as a Class and collectively referred to as the Classes. The Class of Redeemable Units that a Limited Partner receives will generally depend upon the amount invested in the Partnership, although the General Partner may determine to offer Class A Redeemable Units or Class D Redeemable Units to investors in its sole discretion. On May 1, 2015, a new share class of units of general partner interest Class GP was initiated to accept an investment from the General Partner. 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Partnership s commodity brokers were Wedbush Securities, Inc. Wedbush and ADM Investor Services, Inc. ADM ), both of whom are registered futures commission merchants. 

2 

Effective November 27, 2018, the Partnership entered into a commodity futures customer agreement with HSBC (the HSBC Customer Agreement however, the Partnership did not engage in any trading activity through HSBC until September 4, 2019. The Partnership paid HSBC trading fees for the clearing and, if applicable, execution of transactions. Effective September 30, 2020, the HSBC Customer Agreement was terminated because the Partnership is no longer engaged in such trading through accounts at HSBC. 
 Effective April 21, 2017, the Partnership entered into a commodity futures customer agreement with Wedbush (the Wedbush Customer Agreement however, the Partnership did not engage in any trading activity through Wedbush until June 26, 2017. The Partnership pays Wedbush trading fees for the clearing and, if applicable, execution of transactions. In addition, with respect to excess cash, Wedbush does not pay interest on excess cash held in the Partnership s account. The excess cash balances will be monitored and are expected to have an immaterial impact on the interest earned. 
 Effective March 13, 2017, the Partnership entered into a commodity futures customer agreement with ADM (the ADM Customer Agreement however, the Partnership did not engage in any trading activity through ADM until April 6, 2017. The Partnership pays ADM trading fees for the clearing and, if applicable, execution of transactions. In addition, with respect to excess cash, ADM does not pay interest on excess cash held in the Partnership s account. The excess cash balances will be monitored and are expected to have an immaterial impact on the interest earned. 
 The Partnership s trading of futures and option contracts, if applicable, on commodities is done primarily on U.S. commodity exchanges. At various times during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Partnership engaged in such trading through commodity brokerage accounts maintained with Wedbush and ADM. 
 The General Partner and each Limited Partner share in the profits and losses of the Partnership, after the allocation to the Special Limited Partner, in proportion to the amount of Partnership interest owned by each, except that no Limited Partner shall be liable for obligations of the Partnership in excess of its capital contribution and profits, if any, net of distributions and losses, if any. 
 Under the limited partnership agreement of the Partnership, as amended and/or restated from time to time (the Limited Partnership Agreement ), the General Partner administers the business and affairs of the Partnership including selecting one or more advisors to make trading decisions for the Partnership. The Partnership pays the General Partner a monthly administrative fee in return for its services to the Partnership equal to 1/12 of 1.0 (1.0 per year) of month-end Net Assets per Class, for each outstanding Class, of the Partnership. Month-end Net Assets per Class, for the purpose of calculating administrative fees are Net Assets per Class, as defined in the Limited Partnership Agreement, prior to the reduction of the current month s advisory fee, profit share allocation accrual, the administrative fee and any redemptions or distributions as of the end of such month. This fee may be increased or decreased at the discretion of the General Partner. 
 The Partnership will be liquidated upon the first to occur of the following: December 31, 2025 when the net asset value per Redeemable Unit of any Class decreases to less than 400 as of the close of trading on any business day or under certain other circumstances as defined in the Limited Partnership Agreement. In addition, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, cause the Partnership to dissolve if the Partnership s aggregate net assets decline to less than 1,000,000. 
 For the period January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, the approximate average market sector allocation for the Partnership was 100 stock indices. 
 The Advisor, which is controlled by Scott C. Kimple, has served as the Partnership s commodity trading advisor since inception. The General Partner and the Partnership have entered into an investment management agreement with the Advisor (the Management Agreement ). The Advisor makes all commodity trading decisions for the Partnership and is not affiliated with Wedbush, ADM or HSBC. 
 The Advisor is not responsible for the organization of the Partnership. Pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreement, the Partnership pays the Advisor a monthly advisory fee equal to 1/12 of 2.00 (2.00 per year) of month-end Net Assets per Class, for each outstanding Class, managed by the Advisor. Month-end Net Assets per Class, for each outstanding Class, for the purpose of calculating advisory fees are Net Assets per Class, for each outstanding Class, as defined in the Limited Partnership Agreement, prior to the reduction of the current month s advisory fee, profit share allocation accrual, the administrative fee and any redemptions or distributions as of the end of such month. The Management Agreement continues in effect until the earlier of the dissolution of the Partnership or termination upon notice by any party thereunder. 
 In addition, the Special Limited Partner receives a quarterly profit share allocation to its capital account in the Partnership in the form of Redeemable Units of the Partnership, the value of which shall be equal to 20 of new trading profits, as defined in the Limited Partnership Agreement, earned for each outstanding Class by the Advisor on behalf of the Partnership during each calendar quarter and are issued as Special Limited Partner unit equivalents. The Special Limited Partner will not receive a profit share allocation until the Advisor recovers the net loss incurred and earns additional new trading profits for the Partnership. 
 3 
 
 Under the Wedbush and ADM Customer Agreements , the Partnership pays and, under the prior HSBC Agreement, paid trading fees for the clearing and, where applicable, execution of transactions, as well as exchange, clearing, user, give-up, floor brokerage and NFA fees (collectively, the Wedbush , ADM , and HSBC c learing fees, the clearing fees directly. Clearing fees will be paid for the life of the Partnership, although the rate at which such fees are paid may be changed. The portion of the Partnership s cash held at Wedbush and ADM are in segregated bank accounts to the extent required by CFTC regulations. At December 31, 20 2 2 and 20 2 1 the amount of cash held for margin requirements at Wedbush and ADM was 0 and 0 and 0 and 0 , respectively. Wedbush and ADM do not pay interest on excess cash held in the Partnership s accounts. The excess cash balances will be monitored and are expected to have an immaterial impact on the interest earned. 
 The Partnership maintains a continuing services agreement with Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (d/b/a Morgan Stanley Wealth Management). Pursuant to the continuing services agreement, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management will receive a monthly fee in respect of certain partnership interests which have been sold to certain individuals and entities with an ongoing relationship with Morgan Stanley Wealth Management (the MS Interests equal to (i) 1/12 of 2.00 (2.00 per year) of adjusted month-end Net Assets for Class A Redeemable Units and (ii) 1/12 of 0.75 (0.75 per year) of adjusted month-end Net Assets for Class D Redeemable Units. The fees paid to Morgan Stanley Wealth Management shall continue only for as long as the MS Interests remain outstanding. 
 The Partnership maintains a selling agreement with Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Baird ). Pursuant to the selling agreement, Baird will receive a monthly ongoing selling agent fee equal to (i) 1/12 of 2.00 (2.00 per year) of adjusted month-end Net Assets for Class A Redeemable Units and (ii) 1/12 of 0.75 (0.75 per year) of adjusted month-end Net Assets for Class D Redeemable Units. With respect to current Limited Partners that are customers of Baird, the Partnership shall pay Baird a monthly ongoing maintenance fee equal to (i) 1/12 of 2.00 (2.00 per year) of adjusted month-end Net Assets for Class A Redeemable Units and (ii) 1/12 of 0.75 (0.75 per year) of adjusted month-end Net Assets for Class D Redeemable Units for services provided to such current Limited Partners. 
 The Partnership maintains a continuing services agreement with Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC. Pursuant to the continuing services agreement, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC will receive a monthly fee in respect of certain partnership interests which have been sold to certain individuals and entities with an ongoing relationship with Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (the CS Interests equal to (i) 1/12 of 2.00 (2.00 per year) of adjusted month-end Net Assets for Class A Redeemable Units and (ii) 1/12 of 0.75 (0.75 per year) of adjusted month-end Net Assets for Class D Redeemable Units. The fees paid to Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC shall continue only for as long as the CS Interests remain outstanding. 
 For purposes of calculating the fees paid to selling agents, adjusted net assets are month-end Net Assets, as defined in the Partnership Agreement, increased by that month s ongoing selling agent fee, advisory, profit share allocation accrual, the general partner s administrative fee and other expenses and any redemptions or distributions as of the end of such month. 

(b) 
 
 Financial Information about Segments . 

 The Partnership s business consists of only one segment, speculative trading of commodity interests. The Partnership does not engage in sales of goods or services. The Partnership s capital as of December 31, 2022, was 14,312,369. 

(c) 
 
 Narrative Description of Business . 

 See Paragraphs (a) and (b) above. 
 (i) through (xii) Not applicable. 
 (xiii) The Partnership has no employees. 

(d) 
 
 Financial Information About Geographic Areas . 

 The Partnership does not engage in sales of goods or services or own any long-lived assets, and therefore, this item is not applicable. 

(e) 
 
 Available Information . 

 The Partnership does not have an Internet address. The Partnership will provide paper copies of its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to these reports free of charge upon request. 

(f) 
 
 Reports to Security Holders . 

 Not applicable. 
 4 

(g) 
 
 Enforceability of Civil Liabilities Against Foreign Persons . 

 Not applicable. 

(h) 
 
 Smaller Reporting Companies . 

 Not applicable. 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Relating to Our Business . 

 As a result of leverage, small changes in the price of the Partnership s positions may result in major losses. 
 The trading of commodity interests is speculative, volatile and involves a high degree of leverage. A small change in the market price of a commodity interest contract can produce major losses for the Partnership. Market prices can be influenced by, among other things, changing supply and demand relationships, governmental, agricultural, commercial and trade programs and policies, national and international political and economic events, viral epidemics, weather and climate conditions, insects and plant disease, purchases and sales by foreign countries and changing interest rates. 
 An investor may lose all of their investment. 
 Due to the speculative nature of trading commodity interests, an investor could lose all of their investment in the Partnership. 
 The Partnership will pay substantial fees and expenses regardless of profitability. 
 Regardless of its trading performance, the Partnership will incur fees and expenses, including clearing, administrative, ongoing selling agent and advisory fees. 
 An investor s ability to redeem Redeemable Units is limited. 
 An investor s ability to redeem Redeemable Units is limited and no market exists for the Redeemable Units. 
 Impact of COVID-19 pandemic. 
 The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has not been significant and is not expected to be significant in the absence of new variants which could have unpredictable effects. 
 
 5 

Conflicts of interest exist. 
 The Partnership is subject to numerous conflicts of interest including those that arise from the facts that: 

1. 
 
 The General Partner and the Advisor are affiliates 

2. 
 
 The Advisor, the Partnership s commodity brokers and their respective principals and affiliates may trade in commodity interests for their own accounts and 

3. 
 
 An investor s financial advisor will receive ongoing compensation for providing services to the investor s account. 

 Investing in Redeemable Units may not provide the desired diversification of an investor s overall portfolio. 
 Although the Partnership is an alternative investment, the Partnership s objective is not to provide any benefit of portfolio diversification. 
 Past performance is no assurance of future results. 
 The Advisor s trading strategies may not perform as they have performed in the past, and past performance does not necessarily predict future results. The Advisor has from time to time incurred substantial losses in trading on behalf of clients. 
 The Partnership relies on the availability and services of a single trading principal, Scott C. Kimple. 
 The services of Scott C. Kimple, the Advisor s sole trading principal, are essential to the business of the Advisor. If his services are no longer available, the continued ability of the Advisor to operate would be subject to substantial uncertainty. In addition, Mr. Kimple will devote to the affairs of the Partnership and will devote to the trading affairs of any particular account only such time as he in his sole discretion deems necessary. 
 An investor s tax liability may exceed cash distributions. 
 Investors are taxed on their share of the Partnership s income, even though the Partnership does not intend to make any distributions. 
 Regulatory changes could restrict the Partnership s operations and increase its operational costs. 
 Regulatory changes could adversely affect the Partnership by restricting its markets or activities, limiting its trading and/or increasing costs or the taxes to which investors are subject. Pursuant to the mandate of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, signed into law on July 21, 2010, the CFTC and the SEC have promulgated rules to regulate trading in swaps, swaps dealers and to mandate additional reporting and disclosure requirements and continue to promulgate rules regarding capital and margin requirements to require that certain swaps be traded on an exchange or a swap execution facility, and to require that derivatives (such as those traded by the Partnership) be moved into central clearinghouses. In addition, the prudential regulators that oversee many swap dealers have adopted rules regarding capital requirements for such swap dealers and margin requirements for derivatives. These rules may negatively impact the manner in which swap contracts are traded and/or settled, increase the costs of such trades, and limit trading by speculators (such as the Partnership) in futures and over-the-counter OTC markets. 
 Speculative position and trading limits may reduce profitability. 
 The CFTC and U.S. exchanges have established speculative position limits on the maximum net long or net short positions which any person or a group of persons may hold or control in particular futures and options on futures. In January 2021, the CFTC finalized new rules that impose position limits on certain futures and option contracts and physical commodity swaps that are economically equivalent to such contracts. In addition to speculative position limits, most commodity exchanges also limit fluctuations in futures contract prices during a single day by regulations referred to as daily price fluctuation limits or daily limits. Such regulations could have an adverse effect on an Advisor's trading for the Partnership. The trading instructions of an Advisor may have to be modified, and positions held by the Partnership may have to be liquidated, in order to avoid exceeding these limits. Such modification or liquidation could adversely affect the operations and profitability of the Partnership by increasing transaction costs to liquidate positions and limiting potential profits on liquidated positions. 

6 

The General Partner, the Advisor, the Partnership and its service providers and their respective operations are potentially vulnerable to cyber-security attacks and incidents. 
 Like other business enterprises, the use of the internet and other electronic media and technology exposes the General Partner, the Advisor, the Partnership and its service providers, and their respective operations, to potential risks from cyber-security attacks and/or incidents (collectively, cyber events ). Cyber events may include, for example, unauthorized access to systems, networks or devices, infection from computer viruses or other malicious software code, mishandling or misuse of information and attacks which shut down, disable, slow or otherwise disrupt operations, business processes or website access or functionality. In addition to intentional cyber events, unintentional cyber events can occur. Unintentional cyber events may include, for example, the inadvertent release of confidential information, the mishandling or misuse of information and/or technological limitations or hardware failures (in the markets or otherwise) that constrain the Partnership s ability to gather, process and communicate information efficiently and securely, without interruption. 
 
 Any cyber event could adversely affect the Partnership s business, financial condition or results of operations and cause the Partnership to incur financial loss and expense, as well as face exposure to regulatory penalties or legal claims, reputational damage and additional costs associated with corrective measures. A cyber-security breach could also jeopardize a limited partner s personal, confidential, proprietary or other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, the General Partner s, the Advisor s or a service provider s computer systems. A cyber event may cause the Partnership or its service providers to lose proprietary information, suffer data corruption, lose operational capacity (such as, for example, the loss of the ability to process transactions, calculate the Partnership s net asset value, or allow investors to transact business) and/or fail to comply with applicable privacy and other laws. Among other potentially harmful effects, cyber events also may result in theft, unauthorized monitoring and failures in the physical infrastructure or operating systems that support the Partnership or its service providers. 
 
 The nature of malicious cyber-attacks is becoming increasingly sophisticated and none of the General Partner, the Advisor or the Partnership can control whether a cyber event will adversely affect cyber systems of third-party service providers. 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties. 

 The Partnership does not own or lease any properties. 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings. 

 There are no material legal proceedings pending against the Partnership, the General Partner or its affiliates. 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 

 Not applicable. 
 7 
 
 PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities . 

(a) 
 
 Market Information . The Partnership has issued no stock. There is no public market for the Redeemable Units. 

(b) 
 
 Holders . The number of holders of Redeemable Units as of February 28, 2023, was 145 for Class A Units and 4 for Class D Units. 

(c) 
 
 Dividends . The Partnership did not declare any distributions in 2022 or 2021. The Partnership does not intend to declare distributions in the foreseeable future. 

(d) 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans . None. 

(e) 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities . For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 there were no subscriptions of Class A or Class D Redeemable Units. 

 The Redeemable Units were issued in reliance upon applicable exemptions from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The Redeemable Units were purchased by accredited investors as described in Regulation D. In determining the applicability of the exemption, the General Partner relied on the fact that the Redeemable Units were purchased by accredited investors in a private offering. 
 Proceeds from additional subscriptions of Redeemable Units are used in the trading of commodity interests including futures and option contracts. 

(f) 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers . 

 The following chart sets forth the purchases of Redeemable Units for each Class by the Partnership. 

Period 

Class A 
 (a) Total Number 
 of Shares 
 (or Redeemable 
 Units) Purchased 

Class A 
 (b) Average 
 Price Paid per 
 Share (or 
 Redeemable 
 Unit) 

Class D 
 (a) Total Number 
 of Shares 
 (or Redeemable 
 Units) Purchased 

Class D 
 (b) Average 
 Price Paid per 
 Share (or 
 Redeemable 
 Unit) 

(c) Total Number 
 of Shares (or 
 Redeemable Units) 
 Purchased as Part 
 of Publicly 
 Announced 
 Plans or 
 Programs 

(d) Maximum Number 
 (or Approximate 
 Dollar Value) 
 of Shares 
 (or Redeemable 
 Units) 
 that May Yet Be 
 Purchased Under 
 the Plans 
 or Programs 

October 1, 2022 
 October 31, 2022 

- 

1,291.4219 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

November 1, 2022 
 November 30, 2022 

181.0960 

1,283.6897 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

December 1, 2022 
 December 31, 2022 

49.3210 

1,288.5692 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

230.4170 

1,284.7342 

N/A 

N/A 

Generally, Limited Partners are permitted to redeem their Redeemable Units as of the end of each month on three business days notice to the General Partner. Under certain circumstances, the General Partner can compel redemption, although to date the General Partner has not exercised this right. Purchases of Redeemable Units by the Partnership reflected in the chart above were made in the ordinary course of the Partnership s business in connection with effecting redemptions for Limited Partners. 

Redemptions of Redeemable Units are effected as of the last day of each month at the net asset value per Redeemable Unit as of that day. No fee will be charged for redemptions. 

 8 

Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data . 

 The selected historical financial data presented below has been derived in part from, and should be read in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Item 7 and Financial Statements and Supplementary Data included in Item 8 of this report. Amounts included in the tables related to income statement data and balance sheet data are derived from the audited financial statements. 
 Net realized and unrealized trading gains (losses), interest income, net income (loss), increase (decrease) in net asset value per unit and net asset value per unit for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018, and total assets at December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, and 2018, were as follows: 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Net realized and unrealized trading gains (losses) net of 
 brokerage/ongoing selling agent and clearing fees of 465,676, 622,389, 
 895,391, 1,308,975, and 1,892,555, respectively 

788,628 

1,202,407 

562,386 

621,901 

2,830,293 

Interest income 

61,191 

82,500 

578,712 

590,691 

849,819 

1,202,407 

644,886 

1,200,613 

3,420,984 

Net income (loss) before allocation to Special Limited 
 Partner 

89,746 

375,107 

(507,960 

(271,315 

1,507,379 

Allocation to Special Limited Partner 

(2,007 

(816 

(1,764 

Net income (loss) after allocation to Special Limited 
 Partner 

87,739 

374,291 

(507,960 

(271,315 

1,505,615 

Increase (decrease) in net asset value per unit: 

Class A 

5.22 

28.67 

(20.52 

(8.70 

30.76 

Class D 

16.50 

46.29 

(5.44 

7.19 

45.22 

Class GP 

83.87 

105.96 

46.75 

57.15 

93.13 

Net asset value per unit 

Class A 

1,288.57 

1,283.35 

1,254.68 

1,275.20 

1,283.90 

Class D 

1,451.20 

1,434.70 

1,388.41 

1,393.85 

1,386.66 

Class GP 

1,602.65 

1,518.78 

1,412.82 

1,366.07 

1,308.92 

Total assets 

14,510,429 

15,988,475 

22,620,714 

35,947,224 

46,086,776 

9 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

 Overview 
 The Partnership aims to achieve capital appreciation through speculative trading, directly and indirectly, primarily in the U.S. market for stock indices. The Partnership may also hold T-Bills. The Partnership may employ futures and option contracts in those markets. Additionally, the Partnership does not currently intend to, but may in the future, employ spot and forward contracts in those markets. 
 The General Partner manages all business of the Partnership. The General Partner has delegated its responsibility for the investment of the Partnership s assets to the Advisor. In conjunction with the Partnership s third-party administrator, the accounting and operations staff provides processing of subscriptions and redemptions and reporting to limited partners and regulatory authorities. The General Partner also includes staff involved in marketing and sales support. The General Partner may modify or terminate the allocation of assets to the Advisor at any time. 
 In addition, the General Partner prepares the books and records and provides the administrative and compliance services that are required by law or regulation, from time to time, in connection with operation of the Partnership. These services include the preparation of required books and records and reports to limited partners, government agencies and regulators computation of net asset value calculation of fees assistance in connection with subscriptions, redemptions and limited partner communications and preparation of offering documents and sales literature. 
 While the Partnership has the right to seek lower commission rates and fees from other commodity brokers at any time, the General Partner believes that the commodity futures customer agreements and other arrangements with its commodity brokers are fair, reasonable, and competitive. 
 The Advisor trades primarily futures contracts and options on futures contracts on the S&P 500 Index. The Advisor s trading strategy, however, may also include the trading of additional commodity interests such as U.S. Treasury bonds and currencies. Currently, the Advisor limits its trading to listed futures and options on futures contracts on U.S. futures and option exchanges. 
 The strategies incorporate both directional and non-directional elements. Directional strategies will utilize options and combinations of options with the goal of capturing specific moves in the price of the underlying commodity interest. Non-directional strategies attempt to capture and retain premiums on the sale of uncovered options and combinations of options. The Advisor may employ combinations of options commonly known as spreads or straddles in conjunction with both directional and non-directional strategies. Spreads and straddles involve the simultaneous buying and selling of contracts on the same commodity, but with different delivery dates or markets. 
 The trading methods and strategies are designed to preserve original equity. Each trade is analyzed using a mathematical pricing model to determine if its potential return justifies the attendant risk. Risk management techniques emphasize low standard deviation trades over those that appear to have greater risk. The Advisor s Strategic Trading Program (formerly, the Core Trading Program ), the Advisor s proprietary, systematic program, attempts to limit the equity at risk on each trade and in each market. The Advisor will attempt to minimize the risks associated with adverse moves in either price or volatility through various hedging techniques. The specific method or extent of hedging at any time will be determined subjectively by the Advisor. There is no assurance that hedging techniques will be effective in reducing risk. 
 The trading strategies have been internally researched and developed. They are primarily technical in nature, i.e., they are developed from the research and analysis of patterns of intra-day, daily, weekly and monthly price movements, and of proprietary indicators or standard indicators such as volume and open interest. The Advisor considers the effects of some key fundamental factors in certain situations, especially for the purpose of risk control. The time frame for holding a position is usually less than five weeks. The trading program also emphasizes current and ongoing research and analysis of market behavior to continue developing the strategies. 
 The Advisor believes that the development of a commodity trading strategy is a continual process. As a result of further research and analysis into the performance of the Advisor s methods, changes may be made from time to time in the specific manner in which these trading methods are employed. As a result of such modifications, the trading methods used in the future might differ from those currently employed. 
 The exact nature of the Advisor s methods are proprietary and confidential. The foregoing description is of necessity general and is not intended to be exhaustive. Trading decisions require the exercise of the Advisor s judgment. The decision not to trade certain commodities or not to make certain trades may result at times in missing price moves and profits, which other advisors who are willing to trade these commodities may be able to capture. There is no assurance that the Advisor s trading will be profitable. 
 Future trading performance may be affected by the increasing amount of funds directed by the Advisor. For example, in certain commodity interests the Advisor will be unable to acquire positions as large as its strategy might otherwise dictate because the size of 
 10 
 
 speculative positions is limited by legal regulations. Also, skid or slippage (the difference between ideal and actual trade execution prices, and the transaction costs resulting therefrom) will increase with the execution of larger orders. 
 As a managed futures partnership, the Partnership s performance is dependent upon the successful trading of the Partnership s Advisor to achieve the Partnership s objectives. 
 Liquidity 
 The Partnership does not engage in sales of goods or services. Its only assets are its equity in its trading account (consisting of cash and cash margin, options purchased at fair value and U.S. government securities at fair value), and interest receivable. Because of the low margin deposits normally required in commodity trading, relatively small price movements may result in substantial losses to the Partnership. While substantial losses could lead to a material decrease in liquidity, no such illiquidity occurred in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 To minimize the risk relating to low margin deposits, the Partnership follows certain trading policies, including: 

(i) 
 
 The Partnership invests its assets only in commodity interests that the Advisor believes are traded in sufficient volume to permit ease of taking and liquidating positions. Sufficient volume, in this context, refers to a level of liquidity that the Advisor believes will permit it to enter and exit trades without noticeably moving the market. 

(ii) 
 
 The Advisor will not initiate additional positions in any commodity if these positions would result in aggregate positions requiring a margin of more than 66 2/3 of the Partnership s net assets allocated to the Advisor. 

(iii) 
 
 The Partnership will not employ the trading technique commonly known as pyramiding, in which the speculator uses unrealized profits on existing positions as margin for the purchases or sale of additional positions in the same or related commodities. 

(iv) 
 
 The Partnership will not utilize borrowings other than short-term borrowings if the Partnership takes delivery of any cash commodities. 

(v) 
 
 The Advisor may, from time to time, employ trading strategies such as spreads or straddles on behalf of the Partnership. The terms spread and straddle describe commodity futures trading strategies involving the simultaneous buying and selling of futures contracts on the same commodity but involving different delivery dates or markets. 

(vi) 
 
 The Partnership will not permit the churning of its commodity trading account. The term churning refers to the practice of entering and exiting trades with a frequency unwarranted by legitimate efforts to profit from the trades, indicating the desire to generate commission income. 

 From January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, the Partnership s average margin to equity ratio (i.e., the percentage of assets on deposit required for margin) was approximately 18 . 
 In the normal course of business, the Partnership is party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk, including derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments. These financial instruments may include futures and options, whose values are based upon an underlying asset, index, or reference rate, and generally represent future commitments to exchange currencies or cash balances, to purchase or sell other financial instruments at specific terms at specified future dates, or, in the case of derivative commodity instruments, to have a reasonable possibility to be settled in cash, through physical delivery or with another financial instrument. These instruments may be traded on an exchange or OTC. Exchange-traded instruments include futures and certain standardized swap, forward and option contracts. OTC contracts are negotiated between contracting parties and also include certain forward, option and swap contracts. The purchaser of an option may lose the entire premium paid for the option. The writer or seller of an option has unlimited risk. Each of these instruments is subject to various risks similar to those related to the underlying financial instruments, including market and credit risk. In general, the risks associated with OTC contracts are greater than those associated with exchange-traded instruments because of the greater risk of default by the counterparty to an OTC contract. None of the Partnership s current contracts are traded OTC, although contracts may be traded OTC in the future. 
 The risk to the Limited Partners that have purchased Redeemable Units is limited to the amount of their share of the Partnership s net assets and undistributed profits. This limited liability is a result of the organization of the Partnership as a limited partnership under New York law. 
 Market risk is the potential for changes in the value of the financial instruments traded by the Partnership due to market changes, including interest rate movements and fluctuations in commodity or security prices. Market risk is directly impacted by the volatility and liquidity in the markets in which the related underlying assets are traded. The Partnership is exposed to a market risk equal to the value of futures contracts purchased and unlimited liability on such contracts sold short. 
 11 
 
 Credit risk is the possibility that a loss may occur due to the failure of a counterparty to perform according to the terms of a contract. The Partnership s risk of loss in the event of a counterparty default is typically limited to the amounts recognized in the Statements of Financial Condition and is not represented by the contract or notional amounts of the instruments. The Partnership s risk of loss is reduced through the use of legally enforceable master netting agreements with counterparties that permit the Partnership to offset unrealized gains and losses and other assets and liabilities with such counterparties upon the occurrence of certain events. The Partnership had credit risk and concentration risk during the reporting period and prior periods included in this report, as Wedbush , ADM and /or HSBC , or their affiliates, were the sole counterparties or brokers with respect to the Partnership s assets. Credit risk with respect to exchange-traded instruments is reduced to the extent that, through Wedbush , ADM or HSBC , or their affiliates, the Partnership s counterparty is an exchange or clearing organization. E ffective September 30, 2020, the HSBC agreement was terminated . The HSBC Customer Agreement w as terminated because the Partnership is no longer engaged in such trading through accounts at HSBC . The Partnership continues to be subject to such risks with respect to Wedbush and ADM . 
 The Partnership s trading will be concentrated in exchange-traded futures and options on the S&P 500 Index. Concentration in a limited number of commodity interests may subject the Partnership s account to greater volatility than if a more diversified portfolio of contracts were traded on behalf of the Partnership. 
 As both a buyer and seller of options, the Partnership pays or receives a premium at the outset and then bears the risk of unfavorable changes in the price of the contract underlying the option. Written options expose the Partnership to potentially unlimited liability for purchased options, the risk of loss is limited to the premiums paid. Certain written put options permit cash settlement and do not require the option holder to own the reference asset. The Partnership does not consider these contracts to be guarantees. 
 The General Partner monitors and attempts to control the Partnership s risk exposure on a daily basis through financial, credit and risk management monitoring systems and, accordingly, believes that it has effective procedures for evaluating and limiting the credit and market risks to which the Partnership may be subject. These monitoring systems generally allow the General Partner to statistically analyze actual trading results with risk adjusted performance indicators and correlation statistics. In addition, online monitoring systems provide account analysis of futures, forward and option contracts by sector, margin requirements, gain and loss transactions and collateral positions. (See also Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . for further information on financial instrument risk included in the notes to the financial statements.) 
 Other than the risks inherent in commodity futures trading, the Partnership knows of no trends, demands, commitments, events or uncertainties which will result in or which are reasonably likely to result in the Partnership s liquidity increasing or decreasing in any material way. The Limited Partnership Agreement provides that the Partnership will cease trading operations and liquidate all open positions under certain circumstances, including a decrease in net asset value per Redeemable Unit of any Class to less than 400 as of the close of trading on any business day. In addition, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, cause the Partnership to dissolve if the Partnership s aggregate net assets decline to less than 1,000,000. The Partnership is scheduled to terminate on December 31, 2025. 
 Capital Resources 
 (i) The Partnership has made no material commitments for capital expenditures. 
 (ii) The Partnership s capital consists of capital contributions of its partners, as increased or decreased by realized and/or unrealized gains or losses on trading and by expenses, interest income, subscriptions and redemptions of Redeemable Units and distributions of profits, if any. Gains or losses on trading cannot be predicted. Market movements in commodities are dependent upon fundamental and technical factors which the Advisor may or may not be able to identify, such as changing supply and demand relationships, weather, government, agricultural, commercial and trade programs and policies, national and international political and economic events, viral epidemics and changes in interest rates. Partnership expenses consist of, among other things, clearing, ongoing selling agent, advisory and administrative fees. The level of these expenses is dependent upon the level of trading and the ability of the Advisor to identify and take advantage of price movements in the commodity markets, in addition to the level of net assets maintained. 
 No forecast can be made as to the level of redemptions in any given period. A Limited Partner may request that the Partnership redeem its Redeemable Units at their net asset value as of the end of each month on three business days notice to the General Partner. There is no fee charged to limited partners in connection with redemptions. Redemptions generally are funded out of the Partnership s cash holdings. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Partnership s capital decreased 9.9 from 15,892,075 to 14,312,369. This decrease was attributable to redemptions of 1,288.43 Class A Redeemable Units totaling 1,669,452, and no redemptions of Class D Redeemable Units or Class GP Redeemable Units. This decrease was partially offset by net income of 87,739, coupled with 1.27 Class GP unit equivalents from profit share allocations totaling 2,007. Future redemptions can impact the amount of funds available for investment in commodity contract positions in subsequent periods. 
 12 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 Use of Estimates. The preparation of financial statements and accompanying notes in conformity with GAAP requires the General Partner to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expense during the reporting period. The General Partner believes that the estimates utilized in preparing the financial statements are reasonable. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Partnership s significant accounting policies are described in detail in Note 2, Accounting Policies of Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 Partnerships Fair Value Measurements. The Partnership records all investments at fair value in its financial statements, with changes in fair value reported as a component of net realized gains (losses) and change in net unrealized gains (losses) in the Statements of Income and Expenses. 
 Results of Operations 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 the net asset value per Class A unit increased 0.4 from 1,283.35 to 1,288.57. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the net asset value per Class D unit increased 1.2 from 1,434.70 to 1,451.20. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the net asset value per Class A unit increased 2.3 from 1,254.68 to 1,283.35. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the net asset value per Class D unit increased 3.3 from 1,388.41 to 1,434.70. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the net asset value per Class A unit decreased 1.6 from 1,275.20 to 1,254.68. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the net asset value per Class D unit decreased 0.4 from 1,393.85 to 1,388.41. 
 The Partnership experienced a net trading gain of 1,254,304 before fees and expenses and interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022. Gains were primarily attributable to the trading of the S&P 500 Index futures and S&P 500 Index puts. The net trading gain or loss for the Partnership is disclosed on page 24 under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 During 2022, the Partnership recorded gross trading profits in all months except July and November. These profits were offset by minimal trading losses incurred in July and November. The largest loss incurred was in July as a volatility expansion after a period of calm led to increased costs to hedge the portfolio. The largest gain of the year was recorded in April as a rally and subsequent sharp decline led to profits on long ratio put spreads. 
 The Partnership experienced a net trading gain of 1,824,796 before fees and expenses and interest income for the year ended December 31, 2021. Gains were primarily attributable to the trading of the S&P500 Index futures and S&P500 Index puts. The net trading gain or loss for the Partnership is disclosed on page 24 under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 During 2021, the Partnership recorded gross trading profits during February, March, May, June, August, September, October, November and December. These profits were offset by trading losses incurred in January, April and July. The largest loss incurred was in July as a volatility expansion after a period of calm led to increased costs to hedge the portfolio. The largest gain of the year was recorded in February as a rally and subsequent sharp decline led to profits on long ratio put spreads. 
 The Partnership experienced a net trading gain of 1,457,777 before fees and expenses and interest income for the year ended December 31, 2020. Gains were primarily attributable to the trading of the S&P 500 Index futures and S&P 500 Index puts. The net trading gain or loss for the Partnership is disclosed on page 24 under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 During 2020, the Partnership recorded gross trading profits during January, March, May, June, July, August, September, October, November and December. These profits were offset by trading losses incurred in February and April. The largest loss incurred was in February as a volatility expansion after a period of calm led to increased costs to hedge the portfolio. The largest gain of the year was recorded in June as a rally and subsequent sharp decline led to profits on long ratio put spreads. 
 Wedbush and ADM do not, and HSBC did not, pay interest on assets maintained in cash in the Partnership s brokerage accounts. Interest income for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 increased by 39,787 and 61,191, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. The increase in interest income is due to higher T-Bill rates and higher amounts of T-bills held during the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021.Interest income for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2021 decreased by 778 and 82,500, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2020. The decrease in interest income is due to lower T-Bill rates and lower amounts of T-bills held during the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2020. Interest earned by the Partnership will increase the net asset value of the Partnership. 
 Ongoing selling agent fees are calculated on the Partnership s adjusted net asset value on the last day of each month and are affected by trading performance, subscriptions and redemptions. Accordingly, they must be analyzed in relation to the fluctuations in the monthly net asset value. Ongoing selling agent fees for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 8,415 and 61,440, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. This decrease is primarily due to lower average net assets during the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. Ongoing 
 13 
 
 selling agent fees for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 20 2 1 decreased by 38,601 and 2 03,179 , respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 20 20 . This decrease is primarily due to lower average net assets during the three and twelve months ended December 31, 20 2 1 , as compared to the corresponding periods in 20 20 . 
 Clearing fees are based on the number of trades executed by the Advisor for the Partnership. Accordingly, they must be compared in relation to the number of trades executed during the period. Clearing fees for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 3,037 and 95,273, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. The decrease in clearing fees is primarily due to a decrease in the number of trades executed during the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. Clearing fees for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2021 decreased by 41,521 and 69,823, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2020. The decrease in clearing fees is primarily due to a decrease in the number of trades executed during the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2020. All clearing fees are borne by the Partnership. 
 Advisory fees, which are paid to the Advisor, are calculated as a percentage of the Partnership s adjusted net asset value as of the end of each month and are affected by trading performance, subscriptions and redemptions. Accordingly, they must be analyzed in relation to the fluctuations in the monthly net asset values. Advisory fees for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 8,461 and 61,409, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. The decrease in advisor fees is due to lower average net assets during the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. Advisory fees for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2021 decreased by 38,849 and 203,550, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2020. The decrease in advisor fees is due to lower average net assets during the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2020. 
 Administrative fees are calculated as a percentage of the Partnership s adjusted net asset value as of the end of each month and are affected by trading performance, subscriptions and redemptions. Accordingly, they must be analyzed in relation to the fluctuations in the monthly net asset values. Administrative fees for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 4,229 and 30,702, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. The decrease in administrative fees for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 is due to lower average net assets during the periods as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. Administrative fees for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2021 decreased by 19,425 and 101,776, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2020. The decrease in administrative fees for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2021 is due to lower average net assets during the periods as compared to the corresponding periods in 2020. 
 Special Limited Partner profit share allocations (incentive fees) are based on the new trading profits earned by the Advisor on behalf of the Partnership, at the end of the quarter, as defined in the Limited Partnership Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner, the Special Limited Partner and the Advisor. Special Limited Partner profit share allocations for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 816 and increased 1,191, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. Special Limited Partner profit share allocations for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2021 increased by 816 and 816, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2020. 
 The Partnership pays professional fees, which generally include legal and accounting expenses related to the offering. Professional fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 307,623 and 288,512, respectively. 
 The Partnership pays other expenses, which generally include certain offering costs and filing, reporting and data processing fees. Other expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 1,564 and (4,209), respectively. 
 In allocating substantially all of the assets of the Partnership to the Advisor, the General Partner considers the Advisor s past performance, trading style, volatility of the markets traded and fee requirements. The General Partner may modify or terminate the allocation of assets to the Advisor at any time. 
 Off-balance Sheet Arrangements . None. 
 Contractual Obligations . None. 
 Operational Risk. 
 The Partnership is directly exposed to market risk and credit risk, which arise in the normal course of its business activities. Slightly less direct, but of critical importance, are risks pertaining to operational and back office support. This is particularly the case in a rapidly changing and increasingly global environment with increasing transaction volumes and an expansion in the number and complexity of products in the marketplace. 
 Such risks include: 
 14 
 
 Operational/Settlement Risk the risk of financial and opportunity loss and legal liability attributable to operational problems, such as inaccurate pricing of transactions, untimely trade execution, clearance and/or settlement, or the inability to process large volumes of transactions. The Partnership is subject to increased risks with respect to its trading activities in emerging market securities, where clearance, settlement, and custodial risks are often greater than in more established markets. 
 Technological Risk the risk of loss attributable to technological limitations or hardware failure that constrain the Partnership s ability to gather, process, and communicate information efficiently and securely, without interruption, to customers, and in the markets where the Partnership participates. Additionally, the General Partner s computer systems may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, mishandling or misuse, computer viruses or malware, cyber-attacks and other events that could have a security impact on such systems. If one or more of such events occur, this potentially could jeopardize a limited partner s personal, confidential, proprietary or other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, the General Partner s computer systems, and adversely affect the Partnership s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Legal/Documentation Risk the risk of loss attributable to deficiencies in the documentation of transactions (such as trade confirmations) and customer relationships (such as master netting agreements) or errors that result in noncompliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
 Financial Control Risk the risk of loss attributable to limitations in financial systems and controls. Strong financial systems and controls ensure that assets are safeguarded, that transactions are executed in accordance with the General Partner s authorization, and that financial information utilized by the General Partner and communicated to external parties, including the limited partners, creditors, and regulators, is free of material errors. 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk . 

 Introduction 
 The Partnership is a speculative commodity pool. The market sensitive instruments held by it are acquired for speculative trading purposes, and all or substantially all of the Partnership s assets are subject to the risk of trading loss. Unlike an operating company, the risk of market sensitive instruments is integral, not incidental, to the Partnership s main line of business. 
 The Limited Partners will not be liable for losses exceeding the current net asset value of their investment. This limited liability is a result of the organization of the Partnership as a limited partnership under New York law. 
 Market movements result in frequent changes in the fair value of the Partnership s open positions and, consequently, in its earnings and cash balance. The Partnership s market risk is influenced by a wide variety of factors, including the level and volatility of interest rates, exchange rates, equity price levels, the market value of financial instruments and contracts, the diversification effects among the Partnership s open positions and the liquidity of the markets in which it trades. 
 The Partnership rapidly acquires and liquidates both long and short positions in a wide range of different markets. Consequently, it is not possible to predict how a particular future market scenario will affect performance, and the Partnership s past performance is not necessarily indicative of its future results. 
 Value at Risk is a measure of the maximum amount which the Partnership could reasonably be expected to lose in a given market sector. However, the inherent uncertainty of the Partnership s speculative trading and the recurrence in the markets traded by the Partnership of market movements far exceeding expectations could result in actual trading or non-trading losses far beyond the indicated Value at Risk or the Partnership s experience to date (i.e., risk of ruin ). In light of the foregoing, as well as the risks and uncertainties intrinsic to all future projections, the inclusion of the quantification in this section should not be considered to constitute any assurance or representation that the Partnership s losses in any market sector will be limited to Value at Risk or by the Partnership s attempts to manage its market risk. 
 Materiality as used in this section, Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures About Market Risk, is based on an assessment of reasonably possible market movements and the potential losses caused by such movements, taking into account the leverage, optionality and multiplier features of the Partnership s market sensitive instruments. 
 Quantifying the Partnership s Trading Value at Risk 
 The following quantitative disclosures regarding the Partnership s market risk exposures contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor from civil liability provided for such statements by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (set forth in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )). All quantitative disclosures in this section are deemed to be forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe 
 15 
 
 harbor except for statements of historical fact (such as the terms of particular contracts and the number of market risk sensitive instruments held during or at the end of the reporting period). 
 The Partnership s risk exposure in the various market sectors traded by the Advisor is quantified below in terms of Value at Risk. Due to the Partnership s mark-to-market accounting, any loss in the fair value of the Partnership s open positions is directly reflected in the Partnership s earnings (realized or unrealized) and cash balance. Exchange margin requirements have been used by the Partnership as the measure of its Value at Risk. Margin requirements are set by exchanges to equal or exceed the maximum losses reasonably expected to be incurred in the fair value of any given contract in 95 -99 of any one-day intervals. The margin levels are established by dealers and exchanges using historical price studies as well as an assessment of current market volatility (including the implied volatility of the options on a given futures contract) and economic fundamentals to provide a probabilistic estimate of the maximum expected near-term one-day price fluctuation. 
 In the case of market sensitive instruments which are not exchange-traded, the margin requirements for the equivalent futures positions have been used as Value at Risk. In those rare cases in which a futures-equivalent margin is not available, dealers margins have been used. 
 The fair value of the Partnership s futures and forward contracts does not have any optionality component. However, the Advisor does trade commodity options. The Value at Risk associated with options is reflected in the following table as the margin requirement attributable to the instrument underlying each option. Where this instrument is a futures contract, the futures margin has been used. This calculation is conservative in that it assumes that the fair value of an option will decline by the same amount as the fair value of the underlying instrument, whereas, in fact, the fair values of the options traded by the Partnership in almost all cases fluctuate to a lesser extent than those of the underlying instruments. 
 In quantifying the Partnership s Value at Risk, 100 positive correlation in the different positions held in each market risk category has been assumed. Consequently, the margin requirements applicable to the open contracts have simply been added to determine each trading category s aggregate Value at Risk. The diversification effects resulting from the fact that the Partnership s positions are rarely, if ever, 100 positively correlated have not been reflected. 
 The Partnership s Trading Value at Risk in Different Market Sectors 
 Value at Risk tables represent a probabilistic assessment of the risk of loss in market sensitive instruments. The following tables indicate the trading Value at Risk associated with the Partnership s open positions by market category as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the highest, lowest and average value at any point during the two years. All open position trading risk exposures of the Partnership have been included in calculating the figures set forth below. As of December 31, 2022, the Partnership s total capitalization was 14,312,369. 
 December 31, 2022 

Market Sector 

Value at Risk 

of Total 
 Capitalization 

High 
 Value at Risk 

Low 
 Value at Risk 

Average 
 Value at Risk 

Indices 

- 

0.00 

12,537,325 

2,742,476 

Total 

- 

0.00 

As of December 31, 2021, the Partnership s total capitalization was 15,892,075. 
 December 31, 2021 

Market Sector 

Value at Risk 

of Total 
 Capitalization 

High 
 Value at Risk 

Low 
 Value at Risk 

Average 
 Value at Risk 

Indices 

- 

0.00 

19,049,611 

8,549,098 

Total 

- 

0.00 

Annual average of month-end Value at Risk. 

 Material Limitations on Value at Risk as an Assessment of Market Risk 
 The face value of the market sector instruments held by the Partnership is typically many times the applicable margin requirement (margin requirements generally range between 0 and 15 of contract face value, although an exchange may increase margin 
 16 
 
 requirements on short notice) as well as many times the capitalization of the Partnership. The magnitude of the Partnership s open positions creates a risk of ruin not typically found in most other investment vehicles. Because of the size of its positions, certain market conditions unusual, but historically recurring from time to time could cause the Partnership to incur severe losses over a short period of time. The foregoing Value at Risk tables as well as the past performance of the Partnership give no indication of this risk of ruin. 
 Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Primary Trading Risk Exposures 
 The following qualitative disclosures regarding the Partnership s market risk exposures except for (i) those disclosures that are statements of historical fact and (ii) the descriptions of how the Partnership manages its primary market risk exposures constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. The Partnership s primary market risk exposures, as well as the strategies used and to be used by the General Partner and the Advisor for managing such exposures, are subject to numerous uncertainties, contingencies and risks, any one of which could cause the actual results of the Partnership s risk controls to differ materially from the objectives of such strategies. Government interventions, defaults and expropriations, illiquid markets, the emergence of dominant fundamental factors, political upheavals, viral epidemics, changes in historical price relationships, an influx of new market participants, increased regulation and many other factors could result in material losses as well as in material changes to the risk exposures and the management strategies of the Partnership. There can be no assurance that the Partnership s current market exposure and/or risk management strategies will not change materially or that any such strategies will be effective in either the short- or long-term. Investors must be prepared to lose all or substantially all of their investment in the Partnership. 
 The following was the primary trading risk exposure of the Partnership as of December 31, 2022, by market sector. 
 Indices . The Partnership had no open index positions at December 31, 2022. 
 Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Means of Managing Risk Exposure 
 The General Partner monitors and attempts to control the Partnership s risk exposure on a daily basis through financial, credit and risk management monitoring systems and accordingly believes that it has effective procedures for evaluating and limiting the credit and market risks to which the Partnership may be subject. 
 The General Partner monitors the Partnership s performance and the concentration of open positions and consults with the Advisor concerning the Partnership s overall risk profile. If the General Partner felt it necessary to do so, the General Partner could require the Advisor to close out positions as well as enter positions traded on behalf of the Partnership. However, any such intervention would be a highly unusual event. The General Partner primarily relies on the Advisor s own risk control policies while maintaining a general supervisory overview of the Partnership s market risk exposures. 
 The Advisor applies its own risk management policies to its trading. The Advisor often follows diversification guidelines, margin limits and stop loss points to exit a position. The Advisor s research of risk management often suggests ongoing modifications to its trading programs. 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 

 The following financial statements and related items of the Partnership are filed under this Item 8: Oath or Affirmation, Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Statements of Financial Condition at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Condensed Schedules of Investments at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Statements of Income and Expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Statements of Changes in Partners Capital for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and Notes to Financial Statements. 
 17 
 
 To the Limited Partners of 
 Managed Futures Premier Warrington L.P. 
 To the best of the knowledge and belief of the undersigned, the information contained herein is accurate and complete. 

By: 

Scott C. Kimple 

Sole Manager 

Warrington GP, LLC 

General Partner, 

Managed Futures Premier Warrington L.P. 

18 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The management of Managed Futures Premier Warrington L.P. (the Partnership ), Warrington GP, LLC, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and for our assessment of internal control over financial reporting. The Partnership s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The Partnership s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(i) 
 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Partnership 

(ii) 
 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Partnership are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Partnership and 

(iii) 
 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection and correction of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Partnership s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 The management of Managed Futures Premier Warrington L.P. has assessed the effectiveness of the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our assessment, management concluded that the Partnership maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria referred to above. 

Scott C. Kimple 

Sole Manager 

Warrington GP, LLC 

General Partner, 

Managed Futures Premier Warrington L.P. 

19 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Partners of 
 Managed Futures Premier Warrington L.P.: 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying statements of financial condition, including the condensed schedules of investments, of Managed Futures Premier Warrington L.P. (the Partnership) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of income and expenses and changes in partners capital for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion the financial statements present fairly in all material respects, the financial position of the Partnership as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and changes in its partners capital for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Emphasis of Matter-Subsequent Event 
 
 As discussed in Note 8 to the financial statements, the General Partner approved a plan to liquidate the Partnership in an orderly manner as soon as practical with an expectation of completion by March 31, 2023. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the general partner. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Partnership is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 
 
 /s/ WEAVER AND TIDWELL, L.L.P. 
 We have served as the Partnership s auditor since 2017. 
 Fort Worth, Texas 
 March 10, 2023 
 
 20 

Managed Futures Premier Warrington L.P. 
 Statements of Financial Condition 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 
 2022 

December 31, 
 2021 

Assets: 

Equity in trading account: 

Cash (Note 3c) 

Cash margin (Note 3c) 

Options purchased, at fair value (cost and at December 31, 2022 and 
 December 31, 2021, respectively) 

Total trading equity 

Investments in U.S. government securities, at fair value (cost and 
 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 

Other 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Partners Capital: 

Liabilities: 

Written options, at fair value (premium and at 
 December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 

Accrued expenses: 

Ongoing selling agent fees (Note 3c) 

Advisory fees (Note 3b) 

Administrative fees (Note 3a) 

Professional fees 

Other 

Redemptions payable (Note 5) 

Total liabilities 

Partners Capital: (Notes 1 and 5) 

General Partner, Class GP, and unit equivalents outstanding at 
 December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 

Limited Partners, Class A and Redeemable Units 
 outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 

Limited Partners, Class D and Redeemable Units outstanding at 
 December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 

Total partners capital 

Total liabilities and partners capital 

Net asset value per unit: 

Class A 

Class D 

Class GP 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
 21 
 
 Managed Futures Premier Warrington L.P. 
 Condensed Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 

Face Value 

Fair Value 

of 
 Partners 
 Capital 

Investments in U.S. Government Securities, at Fair Value 

United States Government 

Treasury Bill due 

Treasury Bill due 

Treasury Bill due 

Treasury Bill due 

Total investments in U.S. government securities at fair value (cost) 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

22 

Managed Futures Premier Warrington L.P. 
 Condensed Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 

Number of 
 Contracts 

Fair Value 

of 
 Partners 
 Capital 

Options Purchased 

Indices 

Puts 

- 

- 

Total options purchased (cost 

- 

- 

Written Options 

Indices 

Puts 

- 

- 

Total written options (premium received 

- 

- 

Net fair value 

- 

- 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

23 

Managed Futures Premier Warrington L.P. 
 Statements of Income and Expenses 
 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Investment Income: 

Interest income (Note 3c) 

Expenses: 

Ongoing selling agent fees (Note 3c) 

Clearing fees 

Advisory fees (Note 3b) 

Administrative fees (Note 3a) 

Professional fees 

Other 

Total expenses 

Net investment income (loss) 

Trading Results: 

Net gains (losses) on trading of commodity interests: 

Net realized gains (losses) on closed contracts 

Change in net unrealized gains (losses) on open contracts 

Total trading results 

Net income (loss) before allocation to Special Limited Partner 

Allocation to Special Limited Partner (Note 3b) 

Net income (loss) available for pro rata distribution 

Net income (loss) allocation by class: 

Class A 

Class D 

Class GP 

Net income (loss) per unit (Note 6): 

Class A 

Class D 

Class GP 

Weighted average units outstanding: 

Class A 

Class D 

Class GP 

. 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
 24 
 
 Managed Futures Premier Warrington L.P. 
 Statements of Changes in Partners Capital 
 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Class A 

Class D 

Class GP 

Total 

Amount 

Units 

Amount 

Units 

Amount 

Units 

Amount 

Units 

Partners capital at December 31, 2019 

Net Income (loss) available for pro rata distribution 

Allocation of Redeemable Units to Special Limited Partner 

Subscriptions Limited Partners 

Redemptions - Limited Partners 

Redemptions - General Partner 

Partners capital at December 31, 2020 

Net income (loss) available for pro rata distribution 

Allocation of Redeemable Units to Special Limited Partner 

Subscriptions - Limited Partner 

Redemptions - Limited Partner 

Redemptions - General Partners 

Partners capital at December 31, 2021 

Net income (loss) available for pro rata distribution 

Allocation of Redeemable Units to Special Limited Partner 

Subscriptions - Limited Partner 

Redemptions - Limited Partner 

Redemptions - General Partners 

Partners capital at December 31, 2022 

Net Asset Value Per Unit: 

Class A 

Class D 

Class GP 

2020 

2021 

2022 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

25 

Managed Futures Premier Warrington L.P. 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 of new trading profits from the Partnership in the form of Special Limited Partner unit equivalents, subject to a high water mark. 
 All of the trading decisions for the Partnership are made by Warrington Asset Management LLC (the Advisor ), an affiliate of the General Partner, using the Strategic Trading Program (formerly, the Core Trading Program ), a proprietary trading program. 
 The General Partner is not aware of any material changes to the trading program discussed above during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 On June 15, 2011, the Partnership began offering Class A Redeemable Units and Class D Redeemable Units pursuant to the offering memorandum. All outstanding Redeemable Units on June 15, 2011 were designated Class A Redeemable Units. The rights, powers, duties and obligations associated with the investment in Class A Redeemable Units were not changed. On October 1, 2011, the first Class D Redeemable Units were issued to limited partners of the Partnership (each a Limited Partner ). Class A Redeemable Units and Class D Redeemable Units will each be referred to as a Class and collectively referred to as the Classes. The Class of Redeemable Units that a Limited Partner receives will generally depend upon the amount invested in the Partnership, although the General Partner may determine to offer Class A Redeemable Units or Class D Redeemable Units to investors in its sole discretion. On May 1, 2015, a new share class of units of general partner interest Class GP was initiated to accept an investment from the General Partner. 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Partnership s commodity brokers were Wedbush Securities, Inc. Wedbush and ADM Investor Services, Inc. ADM ), both of whom are registered futures commission merchants. During prior periods included in this report, the Partnership also engaged in futures and options trading through a commodity brokerage account maintained at HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. HSBC ). The Partnership paid HSBC trading fees for the clearing and, if applicable, execution of transactions. HSBC did not pay the partnership interest on excess cash balances. Effective September 30, 2020, the HSBC customer agreement was terminated. The HSBC Customer Agreement was terminated because the Partnership is no longer engaged in such trading through accounts at HSBC. The Partnership continues to engage in such trading through commodity brokerage accounts at Wedbush and ADM. 

26 
 
 when the net asset value per Redeemable Unit of any Class decreases to less than as of the close of trading on any business day or under certain other circumstances as defined in the limited partnership agreement of the Partnership, as amended and/or restated from time to time (the Limited Partnership Agreement ). In addition, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, cause the Partnership to dissolve if the Partnership s aggregate net assets decline to less than . 
 27 
 
 transfers of assets or liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2. 

Options purchased 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Written options 

Total liabilities 

Net fair value 

28 
 
 provision for income tax is required in the Partnership s financial statements. 
 The Partnership files U.S. federal and various state and local tax returns. No income tax returns are currently under examination. The through tax years remain subject to examination by U.S. federal and most state tax authorities. The General Partner does not believe that there are any uncertain tax positions that require recognition of a tax liability. T-Bills as of December 31, 2021. 
 per year) of month-end Net Assets per Class, for each outstanding Class, of the Partnership. Month-end Net Assets per Class, for the purpose of calculating administrative fees are Net Assets per Class, as defined in the Limited Partnership Agreement, prior to the reduction of the current month s advisory fee, profit share allocation accrual, the administrative fee and any redemptions or distributions as of the end of such month. This fee may be increased or decreased at the discretion of the General Partner. 

b. 
 
 Management Agreement: 

 The Advisor or one of its affiliates, all of which are controlled by Scott C. Kimple, has served as the Partnership s commodity trading advisor since inception. The General Partner and the Partnership have entered into a management agreement (the Management Agreement with the Advisor. As compensation for services, the Partnership pays the Advisor a monthly advisory fee equal to 1/12 of 2 per year) of month-end Net Assets per Class, for each outstanding Class, managed by the Advisor. Month-end Net Assets per Class, for each outstanding Class, for the purpose of calculating advisory fees are Net Assets per Class, for each outstanding Class, as defined in the Limited Partnership Agreement, prior to the reduction of the current month s advisory fee, profit share allocation accrual, the administrative fee and any redemptions or distributions as of the end of such month. The Management Agreement may be terminated upon notice by any party thereunder. 
 29 
 
 of new trading profits, as defined in the Limited Partnership Agreement, earned for each outstanding Class by the Advisor on behalf of the Partnership during each calendar quarter and are issued as Special Limited Partner unit equivalents. The Special Limited Partner will not receive a profit share allocation until the Advisor recovers the net loss incurred and earns additional new trading profits for the Partnership. 
 In allocating substantially all of the assets of the Partnership to the Advisor, the General Partner considers the Advisor s past performance, trading style, volatility of the markets traded and fee requirements. The General Partner may modify or terminate the allocation of assets to the Advisor at any time. 

c. 
 
 Customer Agreement/Selling Agent Agreement: 

 During the fourth quarter of 2013, the Partnership entered into a Selling Agent Agreement with Morgan Stanley Wealth Management. Effective April 1, 2015, the Partnership entered into continuing services agreements with each of Morgan Stanley Wealth Management and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and a selling agreement with Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Baird ). 
 Under the Wedbush and ADM Customer Agreements, the Partnership pays trading fees for the clearing and, where applicable, execution of transactions, as well as exchange, clearing, user, give-up, floor brokerage and NFA fees (collectively, the Wedbush, ADM and HSBC clearing fees, the clearing fees directly. Clearing fees will be paid for the life of the Partnership, although the rate at which such fees are paid may be changed. The portion of the Partnership s cash held at Wedbush and ADM are in segregated bank accounts to the extent required by CFTC regulations. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 the amount of cash held for margin requirements at Wedbush and ADM was and , and and , respectively. Wedbush and ADM do not, and HSBC did not, pay interest on excess cash held in the Partnership s accounts. The excess cash balances will be monitored and are expected to have an immaterial impact on the interest earned. 
 Under the continuing services agreement with Morgan Stanley Wealth Management, the Partnership pays Morgan Stanley Wealth Management a monthly fee in respect of certain partnership interests which have been sold to certain individuals and entities with an ongoing relationship with Morgan Stanley Wealth Management (the MS Interests equal to (i) 1/12 of 2.00 per year) of adjusted month-end Net Assets for Class A Redeemable Units and (ii) 1/12 of 0.75 per year) of adjusted month-end Net Assets for Class D Redeemable Units. The fees paid to Morgan Stanley Wealth Management shall continue only for as long as the MS Interests remain outstanding. 
 Under the continuing services agreement with Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, the Partnership pays Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC a monthly fee in respect of certain partnership interests which have been sold to certain individuals and entities with an ongoing relationship with Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (the CS Interests equal to (i) 1/12 of 2.00 per year) of adjusted month-end Net Assets for Class A Redeemable Units and (ii) 1/12 of 0.75 per year) of adjusted month-end Net Assets for Class D Redeemable Units. The fees paid to Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC shall continue only for as long as the CS Interests remain outstanding. 
 Under the selling agreement with Baird, the Partnership pays Baird a monthly ongoing selling agent fee equal to (i) 1/12 of 2.00 per year) of adjusted month-end Net Assets for Class A Redeemable Units and (ii) 1/12 of 0.75 per year) of adjusted month-end Net Assets for Class D Redeemable Units. With respect to current Limited Partners that are customers of Baird, the Partnership shall pay Baird a monthly ongoing maintenance fee equal to (i) 1/12 of 2.00 per year) of adjusted month-end Net Assets for Class A Redeemable Units and (ii) 1/12 of 0.75 per year) of adjusted month-end Net Assets for Class D Redeemable Units for services provided to such current Limited Partners. 
 For purposes of calculating the fees paid to selling agents, adjusted net assets are month-end Net Assets, as defined in the Partnership Agreement, increased by that month s ongoing selling agent fee, advisory, profit share allocation accrual, the general s partner s administrative fee and other expenses and any redemptions or distributions as of the end of such month. 
 
 30 
 
 and , respectively. 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Written options 

Total liabilities 

Net fair value 

Gross Amounts not Offset 
 in the Statements of 
 Financial Condition 

December 31, 2021 

Gross 
 Amounts 
 Recognized 

Gross 
 Amounts 
 Offset in 
 the 
 Statements of 
 Financial 
 condition 

Amounts 
 Presented 
 in the 
 Statements of 
 Financial 
 condition 

Financial 
 Instruments 

Cash 
 Collateral 

Net 
 Amount 

Assets 

Options purchased 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Written options 

Total liabilities 

Net fair value 

31 

Total options purchased 

2022 

2021 

Liabilities 

Written Options 

Indices 

Total written options 

Change in net unrealized gains (losses) on open contracts 

- 

Total trading results 

Options exercised 

Options expired 

Options closed 

Outstanding options, 
 end of period 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

The fund experienced a net trading loss from futures contracts in 2022 of from contracts. fee charged to Limited Partners in connection with redemptions. 
 32 

Interest Income 

- 

- 

Expenses and allocation to Special 
 Limited Partner 

Increase (decrease) for the period 

Net asset value per unit, beginning 
 of period 

Net asset value per unit, end of 
 period 

Allocation to Special Limited 
 Partner 

Net investment income (loss) after 
 allocation to Special Limited 
 Partner 

Operating expenses 

Allocation to Special Limited 
 Partner 

Total expenses 

Total return: 

Total return before allocation to 
 Special Limited Partner 

Allocation to Special Limited 
 Partner 

Total return after allocation to 
 Special Limited Partner 

The above ratios may vary for individual investors based on the timing of capital transactions during the year. Additionally, these ratios are calculated for the Limited Partner Classes using the Limited Partners share of income, expenses and average net assets. 
 
 33 
 
 of the inception date. However, due to the nature of the Partnership s business, these instruments may not be held to maturity. 

34 

Net income (loss) before allocation to Special Limited 
 Partner 

Net income (loss) after allocation to Special Limited Partner 

Increase (decrease) in net asset value per unit Class A 

Increase (decrease) in net asset value per unit Class D 

For the 
 period from 
 October 1, 
 2021 to 
 December 31, 
 2021 

For the 
 period from 
 July 1, 2021 
 to September 
 30, 2021 

For the 
 period from 
 April 1, 
 2021 to June 
 30, 2021 

For the 
 period from 
 January 1, 
 2021 to 
 March 31, 
 2021 

Net realized and unrealized trading gains (losses) net of 
 ongoing selling agent fees and clearing fees 
 including interest income 

Net income (loss) before allocation to Special Limited 
 Partner 

Net income (loss) after allocation to Special Limited Partner 

Increase (decrease) in net asset value per unit Class A 

Increase (decrease) in net asset value per unit Class D 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . 

 Not applicable. 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures . 

 The Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Partnership on the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods expected in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Partnership in the reports it files is accumulated and communicated to the General Partner, including the sole manager of the General Partner, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure and appropriate SEC filings. 
 35 

The General Partner is responsible for ensuring that there is an adequate and effective process for establishing, maintaining and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures for the Partnership s external disclosures. 
 The General Partner s sole manager has evaluated the effectiveness of the Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022, and, based on that evaluation, the General Partner s sole manager has concluded that, at that date, the Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 The Partnership s internal control over financial reporting is a process under the supervision of the General Partner s sole manager to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. These controls include policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Partnership 

provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and (ii) the Partnership s receipts are handled and expenditures are made only pursuant to authorizations of the General Partner and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection and correction of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Partnership s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 The report included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . includes management s report on internal control over financial reporting Management s Report ). 
 There were no changes in the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting process during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information . 
 None. 
 36 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . 

 The Partnership has no directors or executive officers and its affairs are managed by its General Partner. Investment decisions are made by the Advisor. 
 The executive officer of the General Partner is Scott C. Kimple (Sole Manager of the General Partner). 
 Scott C. Kimple, age 57, is the Founder, Principal, Sole Manager and Portfolio Manager of the Advisor. Mr. Kimple manages the Partnership s portfolio. Mr. Kimple has been listed as a principal and registered as an associated person of the General Partner since December 15, 2014 and December 23, 2014, respectively, and listed as a principal and registered as an associated person of the Advisor since January 27, 2012 and January 30, 2012, respectively. Mr. Kimple also was registered as an associated person and listed as a principal of Warrington Mgt., L.P., a commodity trading advisor CTA ), from July 1995 until October 1996 and again from April 30, 1999 until April 24, 2013. Mr. Kimple also was a principal and an associated person of Warrington Advisors LLC, a CTA and commodity pool operator, from June 2008 through July 2011. 
 Mr. Kimple first traded commodity futures and options for his own account in July 1989 until April 1991. From April 1991 until June 2009, Mr. Kimple was employed by Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. CGM ), a futures commission merchant FCM and its predecessor firms, beginning as a trading assistant trading speculative positions in multiple futures and options markets. In July 1995, he was appointed Vice President/Financial Advisor. Mr. Kimple was registered as an associated person of CGM from July 1993 until June 2009. As of June 1, 2009, Mr. Kimple ended his registration as an associated person with CGM and became registered as an associated person of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC MSSB ), also a FCM. Mr. Kimple was employed by MSSB from June 2009 until December 31, 2014. On December 31, 2014, Mr. Kimple withdrew as an associated person of MSSB, but will continue to be an associated person of both the Advisor and General Partner. As of January 1, 2015, Mr. Kimple has been employed by the Advisor, a CTA. 
 In May 1989, Mr. Kimple graduated from Southern Methodist University, Dallas, Texas, with a B.B.A. in Finance. In August 1990, he completed the MBA program at SMU s Cox School of Business, with course emphasis in finance and derivative securities. During the third trimester, he pursued a credited, directed study with a Dallas-based CTA in derivative securities trading. This research provided the theoretical foundations for his current trading strategies. Mr. Kimple holds a Series 3 license and has previously held Series 7 and 63 licenses. 
 The Sole Manager of the General Partner is responsible for overall corporate governance of the General Partner. Under CFTC rules, the Sole Manager of the General Partner is deemed to be a principal of the General Partner and, as a result, is listed as such with the NFA. 
 The Partnership has not adopted a code of ethics that applies to officers because it has no officers. In addition, the Partnership has not adopted any procedures by which investors may recommend nominees to the Partnership s board of directors and has not established an audit committee because it has no board of directors. 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation . 

 The Partnership has no directors or officers. Its affairs are managed by the General Partner. As compensation for its services, the Partnership pays the General Partner administrative fees, as described under Item 1. Business . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the General Partner earned 150,296 in administrative fees. As compensation for its services, the Partnership pays the Advisor advisory fees and the Special Limited Partner earns a profit share allocation as described under Item 1. Business . For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Advisor earned 300,590 in advisory fees and 2,007 in profit share allocation was earned by the Special Limited Partner. 
 37 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . 

(a) 
 
 Security ownership of certain beneficial owners . As of February 28, 2023, the Partnership knows of no person who beneficially owns more than 5 of the Redeemable Units outstanding. 

(b) 
 
 Security ownership of management . Under the terms of the Limited Partnership Agreement, the Partnership s affairs are managed by the General Partner. 

 The following table indicates securities owned by the General Partner as of December 31, 2022: 

(1) Title of Class 

(2) Name of 
 Beneficial 
 Owner 

(3) Amount and 
 Nature of 
 Beneficial 
 Ownership 

(4) Percent of 
 Classes 

General Partner Class GP unit equivalents 

General Partner 

222,807 

1.6 

(c) 
 
 Changes in control . 

 None. 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationship and Related Transactions, and Director Independence . 

(a) 
 
 Transactions with related persons . None. 

(b) 
 
 Review, approval or ratification of transactions with related persons . Not applicable. 

(c) 
 
 Promoters and certain control persons . Baird, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, MS&Co., Morgan Stanley Wealth Management and the General Partner could be considered promoters for purposes of item 404 (c) of Regulation S-K. The nature and the amounts of compensation each promoter will receive, if any, from the Partnership are set forth under Item 1. Business and Item 11. Executive Compensation . 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services . 

(1) 
 
 Audit Fees . The aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by Weaver and Tidwell LLP Weaver for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for the audits of the Partnership s annual financial statements, reviews of financial statements included in the Partnership s Forms 10-Q and 10-K and other services normally provided in connection with regulatory filings or engagements were: 

2022 

85,181 

2021 

77,702 

(2) 
 
 Audit-Related Fees . None. 

(3) 
 
 Tax Fees . The aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by Weaver for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for tax compliance and tax advice given in the preparation of the Partnership s Schedules K-1, the preparation of the Partnership s Form 1065 and preparation of all State Tax Returns were: 

2022 

23,250 

2021 

22,500 

(4) 
 
 All Other Fees . None. 

(5) 
 
 Not Applicable. 

(6) 
 
 Not Applicable. 

38 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules . 

(a) 
 
 (1) 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Statements of Financial Condition at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Condensed Schedules of Investments at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Statements of Income and Expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Statements of Changes in Partners Capital for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Notes to Financial Statements. 

Exhibits: 

3.1 

(a) 

Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York, dated November 21, 2005 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the general form for registration of securities on Form 10 filed on April 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(b) 

Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York, dated September 19, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(b) to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(c) 

Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York, dated September 25, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(d) 

Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York, dated June 29, 2010 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(d) to the current report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(e) 

Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York, dated September 2, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(f) 

Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York, dated November 27, 2012 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(g) 

Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York, dated August 7, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(g) to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(h) 

Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York, dated May 8, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(h) to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on May 14, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.2 

Sixth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement, effective as of the close of business on March 31, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on May 14, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.1 

Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed on March 16, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.1 

Investment Management Agreement among the Partnership, Warrington GP, LLC and Warrington Asset Management LLC effective as of the close of business on March 31, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on May 14, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.2 

Futures and Cleared Swaps Agreement between the Partnership and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, dated March 16, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on May 14, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 

39 

10.3 

Continuing Services Agreement among the Partnership, Warrington GP, LLC, Warrington Asset Management LLC and Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, dated March 31, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on May 14, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.4 

Form of Subscription Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on May 14, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.5 

Selling Agreement among the Partnership, Warrington GP, LLC and Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, dated March 31, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on May 14, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.6 

Continuing Services Agreement among the Partnership, Warrington GP, LLC, Warrington Asset Management LLC and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, dated March 31, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on May 14, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.7 

Commodity Futures Contracts Customer Agreement between the Partnership and Wedbush Securities, Inc., dated April 21, 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.8 

Commodity Futures Contracts Customer Agreement between the Partnership and ADM Investor Services, Inc., dated March 13, 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.9 

Futures and Cleared Derivatives Transactions Customer Agreement between the Partnership and HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., dated No vember 27, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on No vember 08, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.10 

(a) 

Customer Agreement between the Partnership and CGM, dated February 17, 2005 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the general form for registration of securities on Form 10 filed on April 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(b) 

Amended and Restated Commodity Futures Customer Agreement between the Partnership and MS&Co., effective August 15, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.2(b) to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.11 

(a) 

Amended and Restated Agency Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and CGM, dated April 26, 2007 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the general form for registration of securities on Form 10 filed on April 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(b) 

Alternative Investment Selling Agent Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Morgan Stanley Wealth Management, effective October 1, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.3(b) to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(c) 

Letter Amendment to the Alternative Investment Selling Agent Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Morgan Stanley Wealth Management, effective April 1, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 10.3(c) to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(d) 

Letter amending the Alternative Investment Selling Agent Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Morgan Stanley Wealth Management, effective October 1, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 10.3(d) to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on August 13, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

40 

The exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are incorporated herein by reference. 

31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification (Certification of Sole Manager) (filed herewith). 

32.1 

Section 1350 Certification (Certification of Sole Manager) (filed herewith). 

101. INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101. SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101. CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101. LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101. PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

101. DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

104. 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

41 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 MANAGED FUTURES PREMIER WARRINGTON L.P. 
 By: Warrington GP, LLC (General Partner) 

By: 

/s/ Scott C. Kimple 

Scott C. Kimple 

Sole Manager 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: March 10, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following person on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

/s/ Scott C. Kimple 

Scott C. Kimple 

Sole Manager 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Warrington GP, LLC 

Date: March 10, 2023 

42 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ck1353282-ex311_7.htm
 EX-31.1

ck1353282-ex311_7.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Scott C.Kimple, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Managed Futures Premier Warrington L.P.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 10, 2023 

/s/ Scott C. Kimple 

Scott C. Kimple 

Sole Manager 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Warrington GP, LLC 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ck1353282-ex321_6.htm
 EX-32.1

ck1353282-ex321_6.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Managed Futures Premier Warrington L.P. (the Partnership on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Scott C. Kimple, Sole Manager of Warrington GP, LLC, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

/s/ Scott C. Kimple 

Scott C. Kimple 

Sole Manager 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Warrington GP, LLC 

Date: March 10, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ck1353282-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ck1353282-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ck1353282-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ck1353282-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ck1353282-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

