<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1777319_0001493152-23-010229.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12857382</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>286030</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5394775</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2989322</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1823378</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2107611</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010229.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331160234
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010229
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		113
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CERBERUS CYBER SENTINEL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001777319
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				834210278
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41227
		FILM NUMBER:		23787427

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6900 E. CAMELBACK ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 240
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85251
		BUSINESS PHONE:		480-389-3444

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6900 E. CAMELBACK ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 240
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85251

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010229.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

 ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For
the transition period from __________________________ to __________________________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State
 or Other Jurisdiction 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 of
 Incorporation or Organization 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , , 

 (Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, par value 0.00001 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2022) was , computed by reference to the price at which the common
stock was last sold 3.60 per share). 

The
registrant had shares of common stock outstanding as of March 27, 2023. 

CERBERUS
CYBER SENTINEL CORPORATION 

 2022
FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 4 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 12 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 24 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 24 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 24 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 24 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 25 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 25 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 25 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 33 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 33 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 33 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 34 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 35 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

35 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 36 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 41 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 44 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 46 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

47 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 48 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 49 

SIGNATURES 
 
 50 

- 2 - 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

The
information contained in this report should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes contained elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain statements made in this report are forward-looking statements within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These statements are based upon beliefs of, and information currently available
to, us as of the date hereof, as well as estimates and assumptions made by us. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these
forward-looking statements, which are only predictions and speak only as of the date hereof. When used herein, the words anticipate, 
 believe, estimate, expect, forecast, future, intend, 
 plan, predict, project, target, potential, will, 
 would, could, should, continue or the negative of these terms and similar expressions
identify forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect our current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks,
uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors, including the risks relating to our business, industry, and our operations and results
of operations. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect,
actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended, or planned. 

Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels
of activity, performance, or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States,
we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. 

Forward-looking
statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include statements about: 

our
 ability to achieve and sustain profitability of our existing lines of business and through
 our wholly owned subsidiaries; 
 
 our
 ability to raise sufficient capital to continue to acquire cybersecurity companies; 
 
 our
 ability to attract and retain qualified cybersecurity talent; 
 
 our
 ability to identify potential acquisition targets within predetermined parameters; 
 
 our
 ability to successfully execute acquisitions, integrate the acquired businesses, and create
 synergies as a global cybersecurity consolidator; 
 
 our
 ability to attract and retain qualified key technology or management personnel and to expand
 our management team; 
 
 the
 accuracy of estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements, profitability,
 and needs for additional financing; 
 
 our
 dependence on establishing and maintaining a strong brand; 
 
 the
 occurrence of service interruptions and security or privacy breaches and related remediation
 efforts and fines; 
 
 system
 failures or capacity constraints; 
 
 our
 ability to efficiently acquire customers and maintain high client retention rates; 
 
 the
 impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates on our business and our ability
 to effectively manage the exposure to such fluctuations; 
 
 our
 ability to maintain our relationships with our partners; 
 
 adverse
 consequences of our substantial level of indebtedness and our ability to repay our debt; 
 
 our
 ability to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual property; 
 
 our
 ability to maintain or improve our market shares; 
 
 business
 interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including war, terrorism, and disease
 outbreaks (such as COVID-19, the war in Ukraine, and geopolitical tensions involving China); 
 
 sufficiency
 of cash and cash equivalents to meet our needs for at least the next 12 months; 
 
 our
 ability to grow internationally; 
 
 beliefs
 and objectives for future operations; 
 
 our
 ability to stay in compliance with laws and regulations currently applicable to, or which
 may become applicable to our business both in the United States and internationally; 
 
 economic
 and industry trends or trend analysis; 
 
 anticipated
 income tax rates, tax estimates and tax standards; 
 
 expectations
 regarding the impact of inflation, action taken by central banks to counter inflation, rising
 interest rates, and changes in foreign exchange rates on our business and financial results; 
 
 the
 future trading price of our common stock; 
 
 our
 ability to maintain an effective system of internal controls and accurately report our financial
 results and remediate material weaknesses; 
 
 our
 expectation regarding the outcome of any regulator investigation or litigation; 
 
 the
 potential impact of shareholder activism on our business and operations; 
 
 our
 ability to navigate through the increasingly complex cybersecurity regulatory environment; and 
 any other statements regarding our future operations, financial condition, growth prospects and business strategies. 

These
statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the section
entitled Risk Factors set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, any of which may
cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any
future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks
may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, or performance to be materially different from any future results,
levels of activity, or performance expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 

Our
financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. These accounting
principles require us to make certain estimates, judgments, and assumptions. We believe that the estimates, judgments, and assumptions
upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates, judgments, and assumptions
are made. These estimates, judgments, and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the
financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the periods presented. Our financial statements would
be affected to the extent there are material differences between these estimates and actual results. The following discussion should
be read in conjunction with our financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. 

- 3 - 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Unless
otherwise indicated or the context requires otherwise, the terms we, us, our, and our
company refer to Cerberus Cyber Sentinel Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and our wholly owned subsidiaries. Unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars. 

Our
Business 

General 

We
are a cybersecurity and compliance company comprised of highly trained and seasoned security professionals who work with clients to enhance
or create a better cyber posture in their organization. Cybersecurity, also known as computer security or information technology security,
is the protection of computer systems and networks from information disclosure, theft of or damage to their hardware, software, or electronic
data, as well as from the disruption or misdirection of the services they provide. The cybersecurity industry has a supply and demand
issue wherein there is more demand for cybersecurity services than there are expert and seasoned compliance and cybersecurity professionals
available in the market. We seek to identify, attract, and retain highly skilled cyber and compliance teams and bring them together to
provide holistic cyber services. We accomplish this through acquisitions, direct hiring, and incentivizing employees with stock options
to help retain them. On an ongoing basis, we seek to identify cyber talent that is culturally aligned and that offers operating leverage
through both existing customer revenue and relationships. We have invested in enterprise solutions and executive talent to integrate
our different organizations into an ecosystem that works together to provide complete and holistic cybersecurity through cross pollination
of solutions. The ecosystem is intended to provide additional revenue opportunities and drive overall recurring revenue. 

We
emphasize to clients the critical nature of having their work force create a continuously aware security culture. Once engaged, we strive
to become the trusted advisors for customers cybersecurity and compliance needs by providing tailored security solutions based
upon their organizational needs. We do not focus on selling cybersecurity products; we are product-agnostic so that we can provide solutions
that fit the customer s security needs, financial realities, and future strategy. Our approach is to evaluate the client s
organization holistically, identify compliance requirements, and secure the infrastructure while helping to create a culture of security. 

We
provide a full range of cybersecurity consulting and related services, encompassing all three pillars of compliance, cybersecurity, and
culture. Our services include compliance services, secured managed services, security operations center SOC services,
virtual Chief Information Security Officer vCISO services, incident response, certified forensics, technical assessments,
and cybersecurity training. We believe that culture is the foundation of every successful cybersecurity and compliance program. To deliver
that outcome, we developed our unique offering of MCCP+ Managed Compliance Cybersecurity Provider + Culture ), which
is the only holistic solution that provides all three of these pillars under one roof from a dedicated team of subject matter experts.
In contrast to the majority of cybersecurity firms that are focused on a specific technology or service, we seek to differentiate ourselves
by remaining technology agnostic, focusing on accumulating highly sought-after topic experts. We continually seek to identify and acquire
cybersecurity talent to expand our service scope and geographical coverage to provide the best possible service for our clients. We believe
that bringing together a world-class team of technological experts with multi-faceted expertise in the critical aspects of cybersecurity
is key to providing technology agnostic solutions to our clients in a business environment that has suffered from a chronic lack of highly
skilled professionals, thereby setting us apart from competitors and in-house security teams. Our goal is to create a culture of security
and to help quantify, define, and capture a return on investment from information technology and cybersecurity spending. Our brand rallies
around the battle cry: Cyber security is a Culture, not a Product. 

Offering
this set of cybersecurity services allows us to capture more revenue with greater efficiency, facilitating greater profitability and
stronger customer retention. The benefit to our customers is that they receive an efficient engagement from a single provider that covers
a wide range of their needs. This means their challenges are addressed more thoroughly and problems are resolved more rapidly when compared
to working with multiple vendors. This leads to the best possible outcome, which enables our customers to commit to us for the long term. 

We
believe that our business model is differentiated from other companies in the industry in that our employees are not consultants; they
are dedicated partners available on a recurring monthly contract. Due to the numerous challenges in hiring experienced cybersecurity
and compliance professionals, assimilating our team of industry and subject matter experts into our clients teams is the ideal
solution. 

We
are technology agnostic. Whereas, most cybersecurity firms are locked into working with a single technology, we seek to differentiate
ourselves by remaining technology agnostic. This approach enables us to work with any business, no matter what systems or tools they
use. For our customers, the benefit is equally valuable as they are able to choose the best tools and technology for their business needs
without affecting their relationship with us. 

- 4 - 

We
believe that building a world-class technology team with industry-specific and subject-matter expertise is the key to providing cutting-edge
solutions to our clients. We will continue to identify and acquire cybersecurity talent to expand our scope of services and geographical
footprint to fortify our capability to deliver excellence to our customers. Furthermore, our goal is to stay a step ahead of threat actors
and regulatory obligations to keep our customers safe and compliant. 

The
Cybersecurity Challenge 

As
the world has become increasingly connected through the Internet and the Internet of Things IoT ), cyberattacks have
prevailed and evolved, in different forms, causing uncontainable threats to the integrity and privacy of enterprise and personal
data and resulted in significant economic losses globally. The McKinsey Global Institute has estimated that approximately 127 new
IoT devices connect to the Internet every second. A report published by Cybersecurity Ventures stated that damages from global
cybercrime is predicted to hit 10.5 trillion annually by 2025. Cybersecurity Ventures estimated that a business fell victim to a
ransomware attack every 11 seconds in 2021, up from every 14 seconds in 2019. As a result, ransomware is one of the fastest growing
types of cybercrime. Moreover, an Accenture survey reported that 68 of business leaders feel their cybersecurity risks are
increasing. Cybersecurity Ventures has also predicted that worldwide global cybersecurity spending will exceed 1.75 trillion
cumulatively from the fiscal years 2021 to 2025. The New York Times reported that in 2021 there would be 3.5 million unfilled job
openings in the cybersecurity field. Two years later, despite widespread university and government investments into education programs
and recruitment efforts, the rates are roughly the same. Continued efforts to bridge the workforce and skills gaps simply
can t keep up with the ongoing increase in demand. 

In
response to the increasing economic damage caused by heightened cybersecurity risks, regulatory bodies have pushed the
implementation of new cybersecurity legislations, and cyber insurance companies have increased minimum cybersecurity underwriting
requirements, as well as premium costs. We believe that we are well positioned in a fast-growing industry to provide businesses with a wide scope of
cybersecurity services and with significant opportunities for growth. 

Service
Offering 

We
currently offer two major types of services to clients including security managed services and professional services. 

Security
Managed Services 

Our security managed services
include cybersecurity and compliance solutions. Through our consultative approach, we evaluate the cybersecurity posture and ecosystem
of our clients to expose risks, optimize resources and implement best-fit solutions that are tailored to the business and address their
unique challenges. 

We
offer multiple services in the security managed services portfolio, including the following: 

Compliance:
 Our compliance practice ensures the customers are implementing the right
controls, properly prioritizing risks, and investing in the appropriate remediation in order to comply and adhere to applicable industry
standards and guidelines, and manage continuous monitoring over time. We provide the combination of integrated processes and systems,
experienced staff, and innovative technology to help our customers meet those goals. Our seasoned experts possess the stringent industry
certifications and accreditations that indicate their depth of knowledge in security compliance regulations, frameworks, and controls.
As an authorized Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program FedRAMP vendor, we bring an insider s perspective
to the process in the following standards: 

- 5 - 

FedRAMP: provides standardization
 to cloud security for Cloud Service Providers. 

FISMA 2014: codifies the
 Department of Homeland Security s role in administering the implementation of information security policies for federal Executive
 Branch civilian agencies, overseeing agencies compliance with those policies, and assisting the U.S. Office of Management
 and Budget in developing those policies. 

ISO 17021 and ISO 27001:
 international standard providing certification bodies with a set of requirements that will enable them to ensure that their management
 system certification process is carried out in a competent, consistent, and impartial manner. 

Health Insurance Portability
 and Accountability Act HIPAA and Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009: laws regulated by the Department
 of Health and Human Services to secure the privacy and confidentiality of protected health information. 

PCI: a standard administered
 by the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council. 

Cybersecurity Framework:
 a set of cybersecurity activities, desired outcomes, and applicable informative references common across critical infrastructure
 sectors. 

The National Institute
 of Standards and Technology NIST ): formally known as a National Bureau of Standards, NIST is a federal agency that
 promotes and maintains measurement standards while encouraging and assisting industry and science to develop and use these standards. 

Cybersecurity Maturity
 Model Certification: intended to serve as a verification mechanism to ensure that defense industrial base companies implement appropriate
 cybersecurity practices and processes to protect federal contract information and controlled unclassified information within their
 unclassified networks. 

General Data Protection
 Regulation: intended to standardize data protection law across the single market and give people in a growing digital economy greater
 control over how their personal information is used. 

Service Organization 2:
 an auditing procedure that focuses on a business non- financial reporting controls related to security, availability, processing,
 integrity, confidentiality, and privacy of a system. 

Health Information Trust
 Alliance comprehensive security framework: developed in collaboration with healthcare, technology, and information security leaders
 to create, access, store, and exchange sensitive and/or regulated data. 

Secured
 Managed Services: Our team has extensive experience in identifying and remediating security
issues in a holistic fashion to quickly affect change on an organizational scale. We partner with our clients to address the items that
are identified through the course of routine network hygiene or from a security review, penetration test, or incident response. Our remediation
services resolve vulnerabilities that may introduce risk and lead to adverse outcomes if not addressed. Examples of issues that we remediate
include rearchitecting computer networks to minimize attack surface, implementing high security password requirements and multi-factor
authentication, applying missing security patches that expose an organization to security attack, or correcting misconfigurations that
can lead to unauthorized access such. Our services provide customers with a mature methodology for the heavy lifting needed to ensure
that implementing solutions to minimize security risk are done efficiently and effectively. 

SOC
 Managed Services: We offer SOC-as-a-service, which is a subscription-based service that provides
24x7x365 coverage and overwatch including threat monitoring, alerting, validation, and proactive threat hunting to defend against cyber
threats. 

vCISO
 Service: Organizations are in need of a cybersecurity program to reduce cyber risk
to the business, but many do not have the capital resources or knowledge base to hire a Chief Information Security Officer to lead the
effort. We offer this to companies on an ongoing managed service basis as a resource to augment their management team. vCISO services
include road mapping the future state for the client and providing our knowledgeable expertise to help them achieve their security needs. 

- 6 - 

Professional
Services 

Our professional services include
an extensive portfolio of tailored advisory solutions. Our in-depth and uniquely acquired industry expertise allows us to act as a trusted
advisor of our clients to help them lower their risk profile, minimize cost impact, and meet regulatory compliance demands. We specialize
in: 

Incident
 Response and Forensics: We focus on identification, investigation, and remediation of cyberattacks. 

Technical
 Assessments: We specialize in advanced cybersecurity assessments that highlight the
skills and experience of our team s top-tier talent. Our customers love us because we routinely identify issues that no one else
does due to our emphasis on real-world manual testing techniques and custom exploit development to uncover new avenues of attack. Our
approach to penetration testing services strikes the perfect equilibrium between cost, time, and results. The team of highly skilled testers
utilize the same tools and techniques a malicious cybercriminal would use to try to gain unauthorized access to highly guarded corporate
systems and data to evaluate technical controls and quantify business risks in a meaningful way. This level of analysis provides business
leaders the knowledge required to not only understand the impact a successful attack might have on their business operations, but also
can validate the effectiveness of existing security controls and justify additional security related investment. 

Training:
 We provide security awareness training that can build a cyber vigilant
culture by equipping users with the tools and techniques required to spot a potential cyberattack in the early stages. This targets the
root cause for 75 of cyber breach events by starting with a culture of security-first forward thinking. 

Other
 Cybersecurity Services: 

Cyber Vigilance: Bringing the culture of cybersecurity to an organization is a critical first step of building any resilience to cyber threats. Through our consulting service, we dive into both the cultural and technical aspects of cybersecurity within the organization, providing meaningful recommendations to rapidly improve cybersecurity posture. We help our clients build effective policies and best practices, design or enhance a cybersecurity system, and train the executive management team to foster a top-down culture of cybersecurity in order to facilitate diligent implementation of cybersecurity awareness. 

Gap
 and Risk Assessment: We combine decades of security expertise and in-depth knowledge of how
cyberattackers operate to deliver a thorough security risk gap analysis that identifies real world threats and issues guidance for protection.
We first familiarize ourselves with the customer s environment, business model, operations, and business drivers to best determine
a customer s cybersecurity posture in an ever evolving threat landscape. We then use our advanced threat intelligence, data breach
experience, and analytics to accurately assess the customers unique cybersecurity risk based on their as is state. We then
operate with a holistic mindset, considering every link in the cybersecurity chain from people, processes, and technology, to determine
their ideal to be state, aligned with their business goals, compliance requirements, and risk tolerance. Finally, we collaboratively
devise and develop a strategic cybersecurity plan that takes into account critical priorities to effectively reduce cybersecurity risk
by closing the gap between their as is and to be states. This comprehensive awareness of internal systems
and policies provides our customers with a clear understanding of their overall risk as well as the strategies and tools they need to
protect their most valuable assets: their data and brand reputation. 

- 7 - 

Growth
Strategy 

Cybersecurity
service and consulting firms operate on various forms of business models. We do not focus on selling products; we promote a cybersecurity
culture. Our growth strategy focuses on external acquisition and internal scalability to drive that culture within our customers 
organizations. Therefore, our revenue streams mainly come from security managed service and professional service fees. As the cybersecurity
market grows over the years, we continue to see an increasing number of players entering the market with different sets of qualifications.
However, organizations facing cybersecurity issues also usually lack the expertise to identify the right service provider or do not have
the capital resources to hire a qualified CISO. We believe that this is where our growth opportunity lies since the lack of expertise
leads to information asymmetry, which causes additional noise in the cybersecurity marketplace and exposes organizations to greater risks
if found issues are not mitigated with the right group of experts. Furthermore, the industry is in need of highly qualified technology
professionals in the cybersecurity field. A limited pool of talent results in increasing compensation and cost to retain such talent,
which in turn compromises companies bottom line profitability and then increases the need to work externally with a partner such
as our company. According to a Cybersecurity Jobs Report released in 2017 by Herjavec Group, unfilled cybersecurity positions were to be
approximately 3.5 million by 2021. It has been our intention to capitalize on this gap as our growth opportunity. 

Our
external acquisition strategy targets engineer-owned cybersecurity firms in the top U.S. and international markets with existing revenue
in the range of 2 million to 25 million and profit margin of at least 15 to 25 , although there could be opportunities beyond the
larger end of this range. We expect each acquisition to be strategic and accretive, and we expect to obtain direct access to a pool of
ready-to-deploy and seasoned cybersecurity talent and enhanced access to a larger client base geographically. 

Our
internal scalability strategy will focus on exploring and materializing synergies with the acquired targets. With strategic acquisitions,
on the topline, we expect to provide a broadened service offering, which translates into more diverse revenue streams and a larger client
base. We also anticipate that we will be able to broaden our geographical sales coverage and reduce client acquisition costs. We also
intend to synergize best practices across the platform, which will enhance client experience and client loyalty. On the bottom line,
we plan to centralize general and administrative support functions in one location, which will significantly improve net margin for all
the service lines. This will allow our management to focus on sales initiatives and achieve internal operations scalability in a relatively
short period of time. We estimate that with a typical acquisition, we will realize annual savings on centralized operations, generate
additional revenue from upselling to existing clients, and add revenue from new clients. In the long term, we expect to become a pure-play
cybersecurity consolidator in the United States. 

Our
Corporate and Acquisition History 

We
were formed on March 5, 2019 as a Delaware corporation. Our principal offices are located at 6900 East Camelback Road, Suite 240, Scottsdale,
Arizona 85251. 

On October 2, 2019, we filed a registration statement on Form 10-12G with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC to effect registration of our common stock, par value 0.00001 per share, under the Exchange Act. The registration
statement became effective on December 1, 2019. 

- 8 - 

We have
substantially expanded our business in recent years through a number of acquisitions. The following table sets for certain information
regarding such acquisitions: 

Acquired
 Company, Location 
 
 Type
 of Acquisition 
 
 Date 
 
 Services
 Provided by Acquired Company 

GenResults,
 LLC GenResults 
 Arizona (1) 
 
 Stock 
 
 April 12, 2019 
 
 Cybersecurity services. 

VCAB
 Six Corporation VCAB 
 Texas 
 
 Merger 
 
 April 12, 2019 
 
 N/A (2) 

TalaTek,
 LLC TalaTek 
 Virginia 
 
 Merger 
 
 October 1, 2019 
 
 Integrated risk management services, including risk
 assessments, IT audits, cybersecurity services, and managed compliance services. 

Technologyville,
 Inc. 
 Illinois 
 
 Stock 
 
 May 25, 2020 
 
 Managed IT services. 

Clear
 Skies Security, LLC 
 Georgia 
 
 Stock 
 
 August 1, 2020 
 
 Security assessment and penetration testing. 

Alpine
 Security, LLC 
 Missouri 
 
 Merger 
 
 December 16, 2020 
 
 Integrated risk management services. 

Catapult
 Acquisition Corporation VelocIT 
 New
 Jersey 
 
 Merger 
 
 August 12, 2021 
 
 Integrated risk management services. 

Atlantic
 Technology Systems, Inc., and 
 Atlantic
 Technology Enterprises, Inc. (collectively, Atlantic 
 New
 Jersey 
 
 Stock 
 
 October 1, 2021 
 
 Integrated risk management services. 

RED74
 LLC RED74 
 New
 Jersey 
 
 Merger 
 
 November 9, 2021 
 
 Integrated risk management services. 

Ocean
 Point Equities, Inc. Arkavia 
 Santiago,
 Chile 
 
 Stock 
 
 December 1, 2021 
 
 Cybersecurity services. 

True
 Digital Security, Inc. True Digital 
 New
 York 
 Florida 
 Oklahoma 
 
 Stock 
 
 January 19, 2022 
 
 Cybersecurity and compliance. 

Creatrix,
 Inc. 
 Tennessee 
 Maryland 
 
 Stock 
 
 June 1, 2022 
 
 Identity management, systems integration and software
 engineering, biometrics, vetting, credentialing, and case management. 

CyberViking,
 LLC 
 Georgia 
 Oregon 
 
 Stock 
 
 July 1, 2022 
 
 Application security services, incident response, threat
 hunting, and creation and management of security operation centers. 

Servicios
 Informaticos CUATROi, S.P.A., 
 Comercializadora
 CUATROi S.P.A., 
 CUATROi
 Peru, S.A.C., and 
 CUATROi
 S.A.S. 
 Santiago,
 Chile 
 Bogota,
 Columbia, and Lima, Peru 

Stock 
 
 August 25, 2022 
 
 Managed services and cybersecurity. 

NLT
 Networks, S.P.A., 
 NLT
 Technologias, Limitada, 
 NLT
 Servicios Profesionales, S.P.A., and 
 White
 and Blue Solutions, LLC 
 Providencia,
 Chile 
 Florida 
 
 Stock 
 
 September 1, 2022 
 
 Security solutions and managed services. 
 
 RAN
 Security 
 Buenos
 Aires, Argentina 
 Chile,
 Peru, Bolivia, and Paraguay 
 
 Stock 
 
 Expected 2023 (3) 
 
 Secured managed services. 

(1) Prior
 to our acquisition of GenResults, GenResults was wholly owned by an entity affiliated with
 David G. Jemmett, our Chief Executive Officer and a director of our company. Due to the companies
 being under common control, we accounted for the acquisition as a reorganization. 
 
 (2) At
 the time of the VCAB Merger, VCAB was subject to a bankruptcy proceeding and had minimal
 assets, no equity owners, and no liabilities, except for approximately 1,500 holders of Class
 5 Allowed General Unsecured Claims and a holder of allowed administrative expenses (collectively
 the Claim Holders ). Pursuant to the terms of the VCAB Merger, and in accordance
 with the bankruptcy plan, we issued an aggregate of 2,000,000 shares of our common stock
 (the Plan Shares to the Claim Holders as full settlement and satisfaction
 of their respective claims. As provided in the bankruptcy plan, the Plan Shares were issued
 pursuant to Section 1145 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. We entered into the VCAB Merger
 to increase our stockholder base to, among other things, assist us in satisfying the listing
 standards of a national securities exchange. 
 (3) On
 January10, 2023, we entered into a definitive agreement for the acquisition of RAN Security, which is expected
 to close later in the year, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including applicable
 regulatory approvals. 

- 9 - 

Customers 

Our
recent acquisitions have resulted in expansion of our customer base and increased usage within existing customers. None of our customers
individually accounted for more than 10.0 of our consolidated revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, nor are we dependent upon
a few major customers. One of our customers accounted for an aggregate of 20.4 of our consolidated revenue for the year ended December
31, 2021. 

Competition 

The
cybersecurity market is highly fragmented. In the top quartile, the market is dominated by several major global players, including IBM
Corporation, Cisco Systems, AVG Technologies, Broadcom, and Dell. The rest of the market is highly competitive without dominant players.
According to MarketsandMarkets.com, North America is expected to continue its hold as the largest market size in the cybersecurity market
through the year 2023. A report from Statista forecasted the cybersecurity market to grow to 345.4 billion by 2026. An increasing awareness
of cyber threats has led to a rising investment in cybersecurity infrastructure worldwide. 

We
face direct competition from all small-to-medium-sized cybersecurity service providers nationwide given the broad service scope we currently
provide. Many competitors provide cloud-based services, which means our competition is not restricted by regions. It is critical for
our executive management team to identify and attract strategic acquisition targets in order to strengthen our competitive advantage
as a cybersecurity consolidator, which we believe brings higher service quality, more diverse service scope, and broader geographical
coverage at a lower cost. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
intend to take appropriate steps to protect our intellectual property. We have registered the trademark Cyber security is a culture,
not a product, which has been approved with a registration date of October 29, 2019. 

We
have non-disclosure, confidentiality, and license agreements with employees, contractors, customers and other third parties, which limit
access to and use of our proprietary information. Though we rely in part upon these legal and contractual protections, as well as various
procedural safeguards, we believe the skill and ingenuity of our employees, and the functionality and frequent enhancements to our solutions
are more important to maintaining our competitive position in the marketplace. 

Government
Regulation 

We
are not aware of any specific regulations that govern cybersecurity firms or the areas in which we operate. While there are a few federal
cybersecurity regulations, they govern industries that we serve and exist to focus on specific industries. 

Three
of the main cybersecurity regulations are HIPAA, the 1999 Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and the 2002 Homeland Security Act, which included
the Federal Information Security Management Act FISMA ). The three regulations mandate that healthcare organizations, financial
institutions, and federal agencies, respectively, should protect their systems and information. FISMA, which applies to every government
agency, requires the development and implementation of mandatory policies, principles, standards, and guidelines on information security.
However, the regulations do not address numerous computer related industries, such as Internet Service Providers and software companies.
Furthermore, the regulations do not specify what cybersecurity measures must be implemented and require only a reasonable 
level of security. 

- 10 - 

In
addition, the National Cybersecurity Division is another regulatory body that is a division of the Office of Cybersecurity Communications
within the U.S. Department of Homeland Security s Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency. 

Human
Capital Management 

We
believe that our future success will depend, in part, on our continued ability to attract, hire, and retain qualified personnel. In particular,
we depend on the skills, experience, and performance of our senior management and engineering and technical personnel. We compete for
qualified personnel with other cyber security companies and industry experts. 

We
provide competitive compensation and benefits programs to help meet the needs of our employees. In addition to salaries, these programs
(which vary by country/region and employment classification) include incentive compensation plan, pension, healthcare and insurance benefits,
paid time off, family leave, and on-site services, among others. We also use targeted equity-based grants with vesting conditions to
facilitate retention of personnel, particularly for our key employees. 

The
success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed to the health and safety
of our employees. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented significant changes that we determined were in the best interest
of our employees, as well as the communities in which we operate, and which comply with government regulations. This includes having
employees work from home, while implementing additional safety measures for employees continuing critical on-site work. 

Environmental,
Social, and Governance Efforts 

Environmental
Commitment 

We
are committed to protecting the environment and attempt to mitigate any negative impact of our operations. We monitor resource use, improve
efficiency, and at the same time reduce our emissions and waste. 

Social
Responsibility 

We
are a trusted cybersecurity expert providing safe, efficient, and sustainable services to our existing and new communities. Our success
is the direct result of the dedication and strength of our team and promotes equity, diversity, integrity, inclusion, reliability and
accountability. We believe that a combination of diverse team members and an inclusive culture contributes to our success. Each member
is a valued part of our team bringing a diverse perspective to help grow business and achieve our goals. Our tradition of serving employees,
customers, and investors is at the core of our culture. For third-party vendor selection and oversight, we have standard operating procedures
that apply to employees and subcontractors who, on our behalf, oversee and conduct technical protocols. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 449 employees, of which 443 were full-time. In addition, we utilize independent contractors for projects
of short duration or where specialized knowledge or experience is needed for a complex project. We are not dependent on any independent
contractor, and we believe adequate replacements would be available in the event any such independent contractor becomes unavailable
to us. We believe our relations with our employees is good. 

- 11 - 

Available
Information 

Our
Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, our proxy and information statements and all
amendments to those reports will be available free of charge through our website at www.ciso.inc as soon as practicable after such material
is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Except as otherwise stated in these documents, the information contained on our
website or available by hyperlink from our website is not incorporated by reference into this report or any other documents we file,
with or furnish to, the SEC. 

Implications
of Being an Emerging Growth Company 

We
qualify as an emerging growth company as the term is used in The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS
Act ), and therefore, we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various public company reporting requirements, including: 

a
 requirement to only have two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related selected financial data and management s
 discussion and analysis; 

exemption
 from the auditor attestation requirement on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting; 

reduced
 disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation; and 

exemptions
 from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory stockholder vote on executive compensation and any golden parachute payments. 

We
may take advantage of these provisions for up to five years or such earlier time that we are no longer an emerging growth company. We
would cease to be an emerging growth company if we have more than 1.07 billion in annual revenue, issue more than 1.0 billion of non-convertible
debt over a three-year period, or become a large accelerated filer. So long as we remain an emerging growth company, we may choose to
take advantage of some, but not all, of the available benefits of the JOBS Act. We have taken advantage of some of the reduced reporting
requirements in our filings. Accordingly, the information contained herein may be different than the information you receive from other
public companies in which you hold stock. In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can delay adopting new or
revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to avail ourselves of this
exemption from new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, we will not be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards
as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

An
investment in our common stock involves a number of very significant risks. Readers of this Annual Report on Form 10-K should carefully
consider the following risks and uncertainties in addition to other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in evaluating our
company and its business before purchasing shares of our common stock. Our business, operating results and financial condition could
be seriously harmed due to any of the following risks. An investor in our common stock could lose all or part of their investment due
to any, or a combination of these risks. 

Risk
Factor Summary 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

We
 will need to raise capital in order to realize our business plan and growth strategy, the
 failure of which could adversely impact our operations. 
 
 We
 incurred significant operating losses during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December
 31, 2021, and we have limited cash flow. Unless we increase revenue and cash flow or raise
 additional capital, we may be unable to take advantage of any acquisition opportunities that
 arise or expand our business, all of which could adversely impact us. 
 
 We
 will need to grow the size and capabilities of our organization, and we may experience difficulties
 in managing this growth. 

- 12 - 

We
 depend on key personnel who would be difficult to replace, and our business plans will likely
 be harmed if we lose their services or cannot hire additional qualified personnel. 
 
 We
 operate in an industry that is experiencing a shortage of qualified compliance and cybersecurity
 professionals. If we are unable to recruit and retain key management and technical and sales
 personnel, our business would be negatively affected. 
 
 We
 depend on independent contractors to provide certain services for which we do not have the
 expertise internally. Any compromise in the service quality may delay our business processes
 and cause economic loss. 
 
 We
 have recently acquired multiple businesses. Our growth strategy is driven by successful acquisitions
 and integration of additional businesses that provide comparable or complementary services.
 Our ability to grow is limited if we fail to identify and consummate acquisitions. 
 
 We
 intend to grow our client base significantly through acquisitions of other service providers.
 If we fail to retain existing clients and attract new clients through acquisitions, we may
 never achieve profitability. 
 
 Our
 business strategy may impose limitations in our ability to accurately forecast future revenue
 and operating results. 
 
 Our
 future results may be affected by various legal and regulatory proceedings and legal compliance
 risks, including those involving intellectual property, governmental regulations, the U.S.
 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other anti-bribery, anti-corruption, or other matters. 
 
 We
 are subject to risks from operating internationally. 
 
 Our
 operations in certain emerging markets expose us to political, economic and regulatory risks. 
 
 Adverse
 economic conditions in the United States and international economies may adversely impact our business
 operating units. 
 
 Breaches
 of network or information technology security could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 If
 we fail to meet our service level obligations under our service level agreements, we may
 be subject to certain penalties and could lose clients. 
 
 The
 nature of our business involves significant risks and uncertainties that may not be covered
 by insurance or indemnification. 
 
 We
 indemnify our officers and directors against liability to us and our security holders, and
 such indemnification could increase our operating costs. 
 
 Our
 industry is highly competitive, and there is no assurance that we will compete successfully. 
 
 Our
 success depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property and our proprietary technologies. 
 
 Increasingly
 complex cybersecurity regulations and standards may have significant impact on our business,
 and it may require us to substantially invest in our development capabilities to meet compliance
 requirements and may negatively impact our ability to offer certain services and remain profitable. 
 
 We
 may become subject to disputes, including litigation, that could negatively impact our business,
 profitability, and financial condition. 
 
 If
 we incur additional debt, we will be subject to restrictive covenants and debt service obligations
 that could negatively impact our operations. 
 
 The requirements of being a public company, including compliance with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Nasdaq, may strain our resources, increase our costs and divert management s attention, and we may
be unable to comply with these requirements in a timely or cost-effective manner. 
 
 The
 preparation of our financial statements involves use of estimates, judgments, and assumptions,
 and our financial statements may be materially affected if our estimates prove to be inaccurate. 
 
 The auditor s opinion on our audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, included in this annual report on
Form 10-K, contain an explanatory paragraph relating to our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

The
 market price of our common stock is volatile and may fluctuate in a way that is disproportionate
 to our operating performance. 
 
 Future
 sales of shares of our common stock by existing stockholders could depress the market price
 of our common stock. 
 
 Provisions
 in our certificate of incorporation, our by-laws and Delaware law might discourage, delay,
 or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore,
 depress the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 FINRA
 sales practice requirements may limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 
 
 If
 we issue additional shares in the future, it will result in the dilution of our existing
 stockholders. 
 
 Our
 directors and executive officers beneficially own a substantial majority of our outstanding
 capital stock and will have the ability to control our affairs. 
 
 We
 are eligible to be treated as an emerging growth company, as defined in the
 JOBS Act, and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging
 growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

- 13 - 

Our
 failure to meet the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq could result in a delisting
 of our common stock. 
 
 We
 do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock. 
 
 Our
 business could be negatively impacted by shareholder activism. 
 
 Our
 share price may be volatile, and you may be unable to sell your shares. 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

We
will need to raise capital in order to realize our business plan and growth strategy, the failure of which could adversely impact our
operations. 

Our
growth strategy is based upon increasing the number of our clients and our consolidated revenue by making successful acquisitions and
integrating businesses that provide comparable or complementary cyber security services. As of December 31, 2022, our business was not
profitable. Without adequate funding, a significant increase in revenue, and continued successful integration of our acquired targets,
we may not be able to achieve profitability in the existing lines of business and attract further capital. As of March 27, 2023, we had
available cash resources of approximately 4,254,000. 

We
expect to continue to finance our operations with available net operating cash flows and will need to raise additional capital in the
future by issuing equity or other forms of securities, which could have significant dilutive impact on the ownership interest of existing
stockholders. Furthermore, any newly issued securities could have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of our existing
common stock. 

We
may have difficulty obtaining additional funds as and when needed, and we may have to accept terms that would adversely affect our stockholders.
In addition, any adverse conditions in the credit and equity markets may adversely affect our ability to raise funds when needed. Any
failure to achieve adequate funding will delay our acquisition efforts and could lead to abandonment of one or more of our acquisition
initiatives, as well as prevent us from responding to competitive pressures or take advantage of unanticipated acquisition opportunities.
Any additional equity financing will likely be dilutive to stockholders, and certain types of equity financing, if available, may involve
restrictive covenants or other provisions that would limit how we conduct our business or finance our operations. 

We
incurred significant operating losses during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and we have limited cash flow.
Unless we increase revenue and cash flow or raise additional capital, we may be unable to take advantage of any acquisition opportunities
that arise or expand our business, all of which could adversely impact us. 

We
are unable to predict if and when we will be able to generate significant positive cash flow or achieve profitability. Our plan regarding
these matters is to strengthen our revenue and continue improving operational efficiencies across the business. There can be no assurances
that we will be successful in increasing revenue, improving operational efficiencies or that financing will be available or, if available,
that such financing will be available under favorable terms. In the event that we are unable to generate adequate revenue to cover expenses
and cannot obtain additional financing, we may need to cut back or curtail our expansion plans. 

We
will need to grow the size and capabilities of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 

As
our acquisition strategies develop, we must carefully integrate managerial, operational, sales, marketing, financial, and other personnel
in the expanded organization and manage costs. Future growth will impose significant added responsibilities on members of management,
including the following: 

identifying,
 integrating, managing, and motivating qualified employees, particularly strong sales force and cybersecurity talent; 

executing
 post-acquisition integration effectively, and managing integration costs; and 

improving
 our operational, financial, and management controls, reporting systems, and procedures. 

- 14 - 

Our
future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our strategic acquisitions will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively
manage any future growth. Our management may also have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day activities
in order to devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. This lack of long-term experience working together
may adversely impact our senior management team s ability to effectively manage our business and growth. 

We
depend on key personnel who would be difficult to replace, and our business plans will likely be harmed if we lose their services or
cannot hire additional qualified personnel. 

Our
success depends substantially on the efforts and abilities of our senior management and executive officers. We currently do not maintain
key man insurance for any of our senior management or key personnel. The competition for qualified management and key personnel is intense.
The loss of services of one or more of our key employees, or the inability to hire, train, and retain key personnel, especially executive
managers with cybersecurity industry knowledge, could delay the execution of new acquisitions and launch of new service programs, disrupt
our business, and interfere with our ability to execute our business plan. 

We
operate in an industry that is experiencing a shortage of qualified compliance and cybersecurity professionals. If we are unable to recruit
and retain key management and technical and sales personnel, our business would be negatively affected. 

To
execute our growth strategy, we must continue to attract and retain highly skilled compliance and cybersecurity experts. Competition
for these employees is intense, especially for compliance experts and cybersecurity professionals, as there is a global shortage of these
professionals who can provide the technical and strategic skills required for us to deliver high levels of services to our clients and
potential clients. We may not be successful in attracting and retaining qualified employees. We have from time-to-time experienced, and
we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. Many
of the companies with which we compete for these highly skilled employees have greater resources than we have. In addition, in making
employment decisions, particularly in the high- technology industry, job candidates often consider the value of the stock options, restricted
stock grants, or other stock-based compensation they are to receive in connection with their employment. Declines in the value of our
stock could adversely affect our ability to attract or retain key employees and result in increased employee compensation expenses. If
we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business and future growth prospects could
be severely harmed. 

We
depend on independent contractors to provide certain services for which we do not have the expertise internally. Any compromise in the
service quality may delay our business processes and cause economic loss. 

We
currently rely, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, in substantial part on certain independent organizations, advisors,
and consultants to provide certain services. There can be no assurance that the services of these independent organizations, advisors,
and consultants will continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed, or that we can find qualified replacements. In addition,
if we are unable to effectively manage our outsourced activities or if the quality or accuracy of the services provided by consultants
is compromised for any reason, some of our business activities may be delayed or terminated, and we may not be able to mitigate negative
impacts or otherwise advance our business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage our existing consultants or find
other competent outside contractors and consultants on economically reasonable terms, if at all. If we are not able to effectively expand
our organization by hiring new employees and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors, we may not be able to successfully
implement the tasks necessary to further expand and, accordingly, may not achieve our business goals. 

We
have recently acquired multiple businesses. Our growth strategy is driven by successful acquisitions and integration of additional businesses
that provide comparable or complementary services. Our ability to grow is limited if we fail to identify and consummate acquisitions. 

We
have completed the acquisition of certain complementary businesses, and we intend to consider additional potential strategic transactions,
which could involve acquisitions of businesses or assets, joint ventures, or investments in businesses or technologies that expand, complement,
or otherwise relate to our business. We may also consider, from time to time, opportunities to engage in joint ventures or other business
collaborations with third parties. Should our relationships fail to materialize into significant agreements, or should we fail to work
efficiently with these companies, we may lose sales and marketing opportunities and our business, results of operations, and financial
condition could be adversely affected. 

- 15 - 

Any
business acquisition creates risks such as, among others: (i) the need to integrate and manage the businesses acquired with our own business;
(ii) additional demands on our resources, systems, procedures, and controls; (iii) disruption of our ongoing business; and (iv) diversion
of management s attention from other business concerns. Moreover, these transactions could involve: (a) substantial investment
of funds or financings by issuance of debt or equity securities; (b) substantial investment with respect to technology transfers and
operational integration; and (c) the acquisition or disposition of lines of businesses. Also, such activities could result in one-time
charges and expenses and have the potential to either dilute the interests of our existing stockholders or result in the issuance of,
or assumption of debt. Such acquisitions, investments, joint ventures, or other business collaborations may involve significant commitments
of financial and other resources. Any such activities may not be successful in generating revenue, income, or other returns, and any
resources we committed to such activities will not be available to us for other purposes. Moreover, if we are unable to access the capital
markets on acceptable terms or at all, we may not be able to consummate acquisitions, or may have to do so on the basis of a less than
optimal capital structure. Our inability to take advantage of growth opportunities or address risks associated with acquisitions or investments
in businesses may negatively affect our operating results. 

Additionally,
any impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets acquired in an acquisition or in an investment, or charges to earnings associated
with any acquisition or investment activity, may materially reduce our earnings. Future acquisitions or joint ventures may not result
in their anticipated benefits and we may not be able to properly integrate acquired technologies or businesses with our existing operations
or successfully combine personnel and cultures. Failure to do so could deprive us of the intended benefits of those acquisitions. 

We
intend to grow our client base significantly through acquisitions of other service providers. If we fail to retain existing clients and
attract new clients through acquisitions, we may never achieve profitability. 

Through
acquisition of other service providers, we will inherit an increasingly larger client base, which creates cross-selling and up-selling
opportunities. We need high-quality service and exemplary client management to retain and grow our client base. We also plan to launch
sales and marketing efforts, including trade show appearances, sales demos, and advertising campaigns in various forms to promote our
brand name. If our marketing efforts do not materialize, we may lose existing clients or fail to obtain new clients. Our inability to
grow sales as we expand in operations may result in continuing losses, and we may not be profitable for an extended period of time. In
addition, even if we are able to make future acquisitions, we will incur additional costs to consummate them, which may result in a shortage
in our capital resources. We may also incur difficulties in integrating new businesses with our current operations. 

Our
business strategy may impose limitations in our ability to accurately forecast future revenue and operating results. 

Our
operating results are dependent on a variety of factors, including purchasing patterns of our clients, competitive pricing, debt servicing,
and general economic trends. Our revenue and operating results may fluctuate if our sales targets are not met, new service offerings
receive poor client response, or client acquisition costs increase due to competition. In addition to these factors, our acquisition
strategy may impose additional risks to the predictability of our operating results. Revenue streams may be volatile due to the uncertainty
in identifying attractive acquisition candidates and our ability to consummate new acquisitions. Unexpected expenses may be incurred
during due diligence and post-acquisition. Management intends to manage risk carefully with the acquisitions; however, there can be no
assurance that we will be able to identity and consummate acquisitions that improve our results of operations. 

- 16 - 

Our
future results may be affected by various legal and regulatory proceedings and legal compliance risks, including those involving intellectual
property, governmental regulations, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other anti-bribery, anti-corruption, or other matters. 

We
may be subject to various legal and regulatory proceedings, and are subject to certain legal compliance risks in the areas of intellectual
property, governmental regulation, U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and related anti-bribery and anti-corruption regulations. The
outcome of any such legal proceedings may differ from our expectations because the outcomes of litigation, including regulatory matters,
are often difficult to reliably predict. Various factors or developments can lead us to change current estimates of liabilities and related
insurance requirements where applicable, or make such estimates for matters previously not susceptible of reasonable estimates, such
as a significant judicial ruling or judgment, a significant settlement, significant regulatory developments, or changes in applicable
law. A future adverse ruling, settlement, or unfavorable development could result in future charges that could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations or cash flows in any particular period. 

We
are subject to risks from operating internationally. 

We
operate internationally, and our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations in foreign markets, including
by way of acquisitions. International operations and business expansion plans are subject to numerous risks, including the following: 

the
 burden of complying with complex and changing foreign regulatory, tax, accounting and legal requirements; 

political
 and economic instability, civil unrest, acts of terrorism, force majeure, war, or other armed conflict, including the current military
 conflict between Russia and the Ukraine; 

changes
 in U.S. and other national government trade policies affecting the markets for our services; 

changes
 in regulatory practices, tariffs and taxes; 

the
 need to develop superior products or services, thereby gaining greater market acceptance and expanding their product and service
 offerings more efficiently or rapidly; 

Potential
 non-compliance with a wide variety of laws and regulations, including anti-corruption, export control and anti-boycott laws and similar
 non-U.S. laws and regulations 

increased
 sovereign risk, such as defaults by or deterioration in the economies and credit ratings of governments, particularly in emerging
 markets; 

logistical
 and communication challenges; 

the
 interpretation of contractual provisions governed by foreign laws in the event of a contract dispute; and 

currency
 exchange rate fluctuations, devaluations and other conversion restrictions. 

Any
of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, financial condition, results of operations and stock price. 

Our
operations in certain emerging markets expose us to political, economic and regulatory risks. 

Our
growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations in emerging markets, including, among others, countries in South
America, and Europe. However, some emerging markets have greater political, economic and currency volatility and greater vulnerability
to infrastructure and labor disruptions than more established markets. In many countries, particularly those with emerging economies,
engaging in business practices prohibited by laws and regulations with extraterritorial reach, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act of 1977 and the U.K. Bribery Act, or local anti-bribery laws may be more common. These laws generally prohibit companies and their
employees, contractors or agents from making improper payments to government officials, including in connection with obtaining permits
or engaging in other actions necessary to do business. Failure to comply with these laws could subject us to civil and criminal penalties
that could materially and adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, results of operations and stock price. Failure to manage
political, economic and regulatory risks in emerging markets could adversely affect our sales, financial condition, results of operations,
cash flows and stock price. 

- 17 - 

Adverse
economic conditions in the United States and international economies may adversely impact our business operating units. 

General
macro-economic conditions, such as a rise in interest rates, inflation in the cost of goods and services including labor, a recession
or an economic slowdown in the United States or internationally, including as a result of continuing uncertainty from the COVID-19 pandemic
or the Russia-Ukraine military conflict, could adversely affect demand for our services and make it difficult to accurately forecast
and plan our future business activities. U.S. and global markets have recently been experiencing volatility and disruption due to new
interest rate and inflation increases as well as the continued escalation of geopolitical tensions. For example, inflation in the United
States began to rise in the second half of 2021 and have remained at high levels through 2022. Although our business has not yet been
materially negatively impacted by such inflationary pressures, we cannot be certain that neither we nor our customers will be materially
impacted by continued pressures. Additionally, on February 24, 2022, Russian troops engaged in a full-scale military invasion of Ukraine.
Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict is highly unpredictable, it could lead to market disruptions, including
significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions. This military conflict
has led to sanctions and other penalties being levied by the United States and European Union, and other countries against Russia, and
other potential sanctions and penalties have also been proposed and/or threatened. Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions
could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets, potentially
making it more difficult for us to obtain additional funds. We do not have employees or facilities in Russia or Ukraine, nor do we have
customers and contractors in these locations. Our business has not yet been materially negatively impacted by this military conflict
to date. However, we cannot be certain that this will not impact our position in the credit market or our ability to acquire cybersecurity
businesses in the short and long term. 

To
the extent conditions in the domestic and global economy change, our business could be harmed as current and potential customers may
reduce or postpone spending or choose not to purchase or renew our services, which they may consider discretionary. If our customers
face decreased consumer demand, increased regulatory burdens, or more limited access to international markets, we may face a decline
in the demand for our services and our operating results could be adversely impacted. 

Uncertain
and adverse economic conditions may also lead to a decline in the ability of our customers to use or access credit, which could adversely
affect our business. In addition, changing economic conditions may also adversely affect third parties with which we have entered into
relationships and upon which we depend in order to grow our business. As a result, we may be unable to continue to grow in the event
of future economic slowdowns. 

Breaches
of network or information technology security could have an adverse effect on our business. 

Cyber-attacks
or other breaches of network or IT security may cause equipment failures or disrupt the systems and operations of us and our clients.
The potential liabilities associated with these events could exceed the insurance coverage we or our clients maintain, if any. An inability
to operate as a result of such events, even for a limited period of time, may result in significant expenses or loss of market share
to other competitors in the market we serve. In addition, a failure to protect our, or our client s, enterprises, networks, privacy
of customer, and employee confidential data against breaches of network or IT security could result in damage to our reputation. To date,
we have not been subject to cyber-attacks or other cyber incidents which, individually or in the aggregate, resulted in a material adverse
effect on our business, operating results, or financial condition. 

Security
threats to our own IT infrastructure may affect our clients indirectly. A party who is able to compromise the security measures on our
networks or the security of our infrastructure could misappropriate our proprietary information or the personal information of our clients,
cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations or our clients operations, or damage our computers or systems and those
of our clients. As security is a primary competitive factor in our industry, such a compromise could be particularly harmful to our brand
and reputation. We may be required to expend significant resources to protect against such threats or to alleviate problems caused by
breaches in security. As techniques used to breach security change frequently, and are generally not recognized until launched against
a target, we may not be able to implement security measures in a timely manner or, if and when implemented, we may not be able to determine
the extent to which these measures could be circumvented. If we are unable to protect sensitive information, our clients or governmental
authorities could question the adequacy of our threat mitigation and detection processes and procedures. Any breaches that may occur
could expose us to increased risk of lawsuits, regulatory penalties, loss of existing or potential customers, harm to our reputation,
and increases in our security costs, which may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. Additionally, breaches of our, or
our clients , systems could similarly result in a loss of confidence in our services or damage to our brand and reputation. Occurrence
of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, or prospects. 

- 18 - 

Because
our services are aimed at protecting clients from, and limiting the impact of, critical business interruptions and losses related to
cyber-attacks, if our client s experience losses related to cyber-attacks that result in lost profits or other indirect or consequential
damages to our clients, our clients may expose us to lawsuits. Our service agreements with our clients typically contain provisions limiting
our liability. However, we cannot provide assurances that a court would enforce any contractual limitations on our liability. The outcome
of any such lawsuit would depend on the specific facts of the case and any legal and policy considerations that we may not be able to
mitigate. In such cases, we could be liable for substantial damage awards that may exceed our liability insurance coverage by unknown
but significant amounts, which could materially impair our financial condition. 

If
we fail to meet our service level obligations under our service level agreements, we may be subject to certain penalties and could lose
clients. 

We
have service level agreements with many of our managed services clients under which we guarantee specified levels of service availability.
These arrangements require us to estimate the level of service we will provide. If we fail to meet our service level obligations under
these agreements, we may be subject to penalties, which could result in higher than expected costs, and we may lose clients, which could
lead to decreased revenue and decreased gross and operating margins. If we fail to meet our service level obligations under these agreements,
our reputation may suffer as a result. 

The
nature of our business involves significant risks and uncertainties that may not be covered by insurance or indemnification. 

We
provide services in circumstances where insurance or indemnification may be not available to us. Our existing insurance coverages may
not be sufficient or additional insurance may not be available to protect us against operational risks and other uncertainties that we
face. Liabilities or claims arising from our services in excess of any indemnity or insurance coverage (or for which indemnity or insurance
coverage is not available or is not obtained) could harm our financial condition, cash flows, and operating results. Any claim, even
if fully covered or insured, could negatively affect our reputation in the marketplace and make it more difficult for us to compete effectively.
The defense of such claims may be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of management. 

We
indemnify our officers and directors against liability to us and our security holders, and such indemnification could increase our operating
costs. 

Our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws allow us to indemnify our officers and directors against claims associated with carrying out
the duties of their offices. Our bylaws also allow us to reimburse them for the costs of certain legal defenses. Insofar as indemnification
for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our officers, directors, or control persons, the SEC has advised
that such indemnification is against public policy and is therefore unenforceable. 

Our
industry is highly competitive, and there is no assurance that we will compete successfully. 

Our
current and potential competitors vary by size, service offerings, and geographic location. Competitors include technology companies,
consulting companies, telecommunication companies, technology resellers, hardware and software companies, and others. Many of our competitors
have entrenched relationships in particular industries or have gained a reputation for expertise in a specific sector of the cybersecurity
market, including services, software, and hardware. Primary competitive factors in our market include security, reliability and functionality;
customer service and technical expertise; reputation and brand recognition; financial strength; breadth of products and services offered;
price; and scalability. Many of our current and potential competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, and marketing
resources; more diversified product and service offerings; larger customer bases; longer operating histories; greater brand recognition;
and more established relationships in the industry than we do. As a result, some of these competitors may be able to: 

adapt
 more rapidly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements; 

develop
 superior products or services, thereby gaining greater market acceptance and expanding their product and service offerings more efficiently
 or rapidly; 

bundle
 products and services that we may not offer or in a manner that provides our competitors with a price advantage; 

take
 advantage of acquisitions and other opportunities more readily; 

- 19 - 

maintain
 a lower cost basis; 

adopt
 more aggressive pricing policies and devote greater resources to the promotion, marketing, and sales of their products and services;
 and 

devote
 greater resources to the research and development of their products and services. 

Many
of these companies have significantly greater financial, technical, marketing, and other resources than we do and may be better positioned
to acquire, offer, and service complementary products and technologies. These companies and alliances resulting from possible combinations
may create more compelling product and service offerings; be able to offer greater pricing flexibility than we can; or engage in business
practices that make it more difficult for us to compete effectively, including on the basis of sales and marketing programs (such as
providing greater incentives to our channel partners to sell a competitor s product), technology, or product functionality. Competition
could result in, among other things, a substantial loss of customers, reduction in revenue, or increase in expenses, which could materially
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects. 

Our
success depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property and our proprietary technologies. 

We
rely on trade secrets to protect intellectual property, proprietary technology, and processes, which we have or may develop in the future.
There can be no assurances that secrecy obligations will be honored or that others will not independently develop similar or superior
technology. The protection of intellectual property and/or proprietary technology through claims of trade secret status has been the
subject of increasing claims and litigation by various companies both in order to protect proprietary rights as well as for competitive
reasons even where proprietary claims are unsubstantiated. The prosecution of proprietary claims or the defense of such claims is costly
and uncertain given the uncertainty and rapid development of the principles of law pertaining to this area. We may also be subject to
claims by other parties regarding the use of intellectual property, technology information, and data, which may be deemed proprietary
to others. 

Increasingly
complex cybersecurity regulations and standards may have significant impact on our business, and it may require us to substantially invest
in our development capabilities to meet compliance requirements and may negatively impact our ability to offer certain services and remain
profitable. 

Federal
and state legislatures continue to advance policy proposals in recent years to address cyber threats directed at governments and private
businesses. As threats continue to evolve and expand and as the pace of new technologies accelerates, legislatures are making cybersecurity
measures a high priority. At the federal and state level, hundreds of bills or resolutions have been introduced and considered that deal
significantly with cybersecurity. These proposals are at multiple stages of development and may shape out new standards concerning different
areas. Our business expansion strategy focuses on accretive acquisitions of other cybersecurity service providers in the top thirty U.S.
markets to achieve greater service coverage. The complex regulatory environment in each state may require us to dedicate additional resource
to ensure our service scope and service quality are in compliance with the standards enacted in each state we operate business in. We
may incur additional legal and compliance costs, and our service scope may be restrained due to compliance requirements. This will cause
a delay in our service launch and negatively impact our operating results. We may also face litigations if we fail to respond accordingly
to these regulatory measures in certain states. 

We
may become subject to disputes, including litigation, that could negatively impact our business, profitability, and financial condition. 

We
may become subject to disputes with third parties from time to time. Any such dispute could result in litigation between us and the other
parties. Whether or not any dispute actually proceeds to litigation, we may be required to devote significant management time and attention
and financial resources to its resolution (through litigation, settlement, or otherwise), which would detract from our management s
ability to focus on our business. Any such resolution could involve the payment of damages or expenses by us, which may be significant.
In addition, any such resolution could involve our agreement with terms that restrict the operation of our business. 

- 20 - 

If
we incur additional debt, we will be subject to restrictive covenants and debt service obligations that could negatively impact our operations. 

If
we incur additional debt for operations or acquisitions, a portion of our cash flow will have to be dedicated to the payment of principal
and interest on such indebtedness. Typical loan agreements also might contain restrictive covenants, which may impair our operating flexibility.
Such loan agreements would also provide for default under certain circumstances, such as failure to meet certain financial covenants.
A default under a loan agreement could result in the loan becoming immediately due and payable and, if unpaid, a judgment in favor of
such lender which would be senior to the rights of our stockholders. A judgment creditor would have the right to foreclose on any of
our assets resulting in a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, or financial condition. 

The
requirements of being a public company, including compliance with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Nasdaq, may strain our resources, increase our costs, and divert management s attention, and we may
be unable to comply with these requirements in a timely or cost-effective manner. 

As
a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and the corporate governance standards of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act and Nasdaq. We have a limited operating history as a public company, and these requirements may place a strain on our management,
systems, and resources. In addition, we have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, significant legal, accounting, insurance, and other
expenses. The Exchange Act requires us to file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition
within specified time periods and to prepare a proxy statement with respect to our annual meeting of stockholders. The Sarbanes-Oxley
Act requires that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. Nasdaq requires
that we comply with various corporate governance requirements. To maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures and internal control over financial reporting and comply with the Exchange Act and Nasdaq requirements, significant resources
and management oversight are required. This may divert management s attention from other business concerns and lead to significant
costs associated with compliance, which could have a material adverse effect on us and the market price of our common stock. 

The
expenses incurred by public companies generally for reporting and corporate governance purposes have been increasing. We expect these
rules and regulations to continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming
and costly. These laws and regulations could also make it more difficult or costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including
director and officer liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher
costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. These laws and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain
qualified persons to serve on our Board of Directors or its committees or as our executive officers. Advocacy efforts by stockholders
and third parties may also prompt even more changes in governance and reporting requirements. We cannot predict or estimate the amount
of additional costs we may incur or the timing of these costs. Furthermore, if we are unable to satisfy our obligations as a public company,
we could be subject to delisting of our common stock, fines, sanctions, and other regulatory action and potentially civil litigation. 

The
preparation of our financial statements involves use of estimates, judgments, and assumptions, and our financial statements may be materially
affected if our estimates prove to be inaccurate. 

Financial
statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States require the use of estimates, judgments,
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts. Different estimates, judgments, and assumptions reasonably could be used that would
have a material effect on the financial statements, and changes in these estimates, judgments, and assumptions are likely to occur from
period to period in the future. These estimates, judgments, and assumptions are inherently uncertain, and, if they prove to be wrong,
then we face the risk that charges to income will be required. 

The
auditor s opinion on our audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, included in this annual report on Form
10-K, contain an explanatory paragraph relating to our ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
auditor s opinion on our audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes an explanatory paragraph stating
that our losses and negative cash flows from operations and uncertainty in generating sufficient cash to meet our operating obligations
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. While we are pursuing a variety of funding sources and transactions
that could raise capital, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in these efforts or will be able to resolve our liquidity
issues or eliminate our operating losses. If we are unable to obtain sufficient funding, we would need to significantly reduce our operating
plans and curtail some or all of our strategic plans. Accordingly, our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations
will be materially and adversely affected, and we may be unable to continue as a going concern. If we are unable to continue as a going
concern, we may have to liquidate our assets and may receive less than the value at which those assets are carried on our audited consolidated
financial statements, and it is likely that investors will lose all or a part of their investment. If we seek additional financing to
fund our business activities in the future and there remains substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, investors
or other financing sources may be unwilling to provide additional funding on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 

Risks
Related to our Common Stock 

The
market price of our common stock is volatile and may fluctuate in a way that is disproportionate to our operating performance. 

Our
stock price may experience substantial volatility as a result of a number of factors, including, among others: 

sales
 or potential sales of substantial amounts of our common stock; 

announcements
 about us or about our competitors or new product introductions; 

the
 loss or unanticipated underperformance of our global distribution channels; 

litigation
 and other developments relating to our patents or other proprietary rights or those of our competitors; 

conditions
 in the cybersecurity and IT services industries; 

governmental
 regulation and legislation; 

variations
 in our anticipated or actual operating results; 

changes
 in securities analysts estimates of our performance, or our failure to meet analysts expectations; 

foreign
 currency values and fluctuations; and 

overall
 political and economic conditions. 

Many
of these factors are beyond our control. In addition to recent events, the stock markets have historically experienced substantial price
and volume fluctuations. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies.
These broad market and industry factors could reduce the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. 

Future
sales of shares of our common stock by existing stockholders could depress the market price of our common stock. 

We
had an aggregate of 146,395,807 issued and outstanding shares of common stock as of December 31, 2022. Approximately 29,696,079
shares were in street name. The remainder of the outstanding shares may be sold, subject to certain volume limitations, pursuant to Rule
144 or other available exemptions. Also, in the future, we may issue additional securities in connection with financings and acquisitions.
The amount of our common stock issued in connection with an investment or acquisition could constitute a material portion of our then
outstanding stock. Due to these factors, sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur
at any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce
the market price of our common stock. 

- 21 - 

Provisions
in our certificate of incorporation, our by-laws, and Delaware law might discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control of our company
or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the trading price of our common stock. 

Provisions
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our amended and restated by-laws, and Delaware law may have the effect of deterring
unsolicited takeovers or delaying or preventing a change in control of our company or changes in our management, including transactions
in which our stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over then current market prices. In addition, these provisions
may limit the ability of stockholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in their best interests. These provisions include
the ability of our Board of Directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock without stockholder approval,
which could include the right to approve an acquisition or other change in our control or could be used to institute a rights plan, also
known as a poison pill, that would work to dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer, likely preventing acquisitions
that have not been approved by our Board of Directors. 

The
existence of the forgoing provisions and anti-takeover measures could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future
for shares of our common stock. They could also deter potential acquirers of our company, thereby reducing the likelihood that an investor
in our company could receive a premium for their common stock in an acquisition. 

Our
Board of Directors is expressly authorized to make, alter, or repeal our by-laws by majority vote, while such action by stockholders
would require a super majority vote. 

These
anti-takeover provisions and other provisions under Delaware law could discourage, delay, or prevent a transaction involving a change
in control of our company, including actions that our stockholders may deem advantageous, or negatively affect the trading price of our
stock. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors of their
choosing and cause us to take other corporate actions they desire. 

FINRA
sales practice requirements may limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

The
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA has adopted rules that require that, in recommending an investment
to a client, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending
speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information
about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives, and other information. Under interpretations of these
rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for certain customers.
FINRA requirements will likely make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which
may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the shares, resulting in fewer broker-dealers may be willing to make
a market in our shares, potentially reducing a stockholder s ability to resell shares of our common stock. 

If
we issue additional shares in the future, it will result in the dilution of our existing stockholders. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 300,000,000 shares of our common stock and up to 50,000,000
shares of preferred stock. Our Board of Directors may choose to issue some or all of such shares to acquire one or more companies and
to fund our overhead and general operating requirements. The issuance of any such shares will reduce the book value per share and may
contribute to a reduction in the market price of the outstanding shares of our common stock. If we issue any such additional shares,
such issuance will reduce the proportionate ownership and voting power of all current stockholders. Further, such issuance may result
in a change of control of our company. 

Our
directors and executive officers beneficially own a substantial majority of our outstanding capital stock and will have the ability to
control our affairs. 

Our
current directors and executive officers beneficially own approximately 60.75 of our outstanding capital stock. By virtue of
these holdings, they effectively control the election of the members of our Board of Directors, our management, and our affairs and may
prevent us from consummating corporate transactions such as mergers, consolidations, or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets
that may be favorable from our standpoint or that of our other stockholders. 

- 22 - 

We
are eligible to be treated as an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and we cannot be certain if the reduced
disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company,
we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting and other requirements that are applicable to other public companies that
are not emerging growth companies, including (i) not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b)
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and (iii) exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of
any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances
could cause us to lose that status earlier. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided
in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates
for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the extended
transition period for complying with the revised accounting standards. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to
companies that comply with effective dates generally applicable to public companies. 

Investors
may find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions, reduced reporting requirements, and extended transition
periods. If investors find our common stock less attractive as a result of any of the foregoing, there may be a less active trading market
for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile or may decrease. 

Our
failure to meet the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq could result in a delisting of our common stock. 

If we fail to satisfy the continued
listing requirements of Nasdaq, such as the corporate governance requirements or the minimum closing bid price requirement, Nasdaq may
take steps to delist our common stock. On March 29, 2023, we received a letter from the listing qualifications staff of Nasdaq providing
notification that the bid price for our common stock had closed below 1.00 per share for the previous 30 consecutive business days and
our common stock no longer met the minimum bid price requirement for continued listing under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). In accordance
with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we have an initial period of 180 calendar days to regain compliance. To regain compliance, the
closing bid price of our common stock has to be 1.00 per share or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days at any time before
the expiration of the initial compliance period. In the event that we are unable to regain compliance with Rule 5550(a)(2) during the
initial compliance period, Nasdaq rules provide that we may be eligible for an additional 180 calendar day compliance period. To qualify,
we need to meet the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards for
the Nasdaq Capital Market, with the exception of the minimum bid price requirement, and to provide written notice of our intention to
cure the deficiency during the second compliance period, by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. 

The liquidity of the shares of
our common stock may be affected adversely by a reverse stock split undertaken to address such compliance failure, given the reduced number
of shares that are outstanding following a reverse stock split. In addition, reverse stock splits may increase the number of stockholders
who own odd lots (less than 100 shares) of our common stock, creating the potential for such stockholders to experience an increase in
the cost of selling their shares and greater difficulty effecting such sales. 

In the event that we are unable to establish compliance, or again become
non-compliant, with Rule 5550(a)(2) and cannot re-establish compliance within the require timeframe, our common stock could be delisted
from Nasdaq, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and which would cause the value of our common stock
to decline. If our common stock is not eligible for listing or quotation on another market or exchange, trading of our common stock could
be conducted in the over-the-counter market or on an electronic bulletin board established for unlisted securities such as the Pink Sheets
or the OTC Bulletin Board. In such event, it would become more difficult to dispose of, or obtain accurate price quotations for, our common
stock, and there would likely be a reduction in our coverage by security analysts and the news media, which could cause the price of our
common stock to decline further. In addition, it may be difficult for us to raise additional capital if we are not listed on a national
securities exchange. 

We
do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock. 

We
have never paid any cash dividends, and currently do not intend to pay any dividends for the foreseeable future. We intend to retain
any future earnings to the extent necessary to develop and expand our business. Payment of cash dividends, if any, will depend, among
other factors, on our earnings, capital requirements, and the general operating and financial condition, and will be subject to legal
limitations on the payment of dividends out of paid-in capital. Because we do not intend to declare dividends, any gain on an investment
in our company will need to come through an increase in the stock price. This may never happen, and investors may lose all of their investment. 

Our
business could be negatively impacted by shareholder activism. 

In
recent years, shareholder activists have become involved in numerous public companies. Shareholder activists frequently propose to involve
themselves in the governance, strategic direction, and operations of companies. Shareholder activists have also become increasingly concerned
with companies efforts with respect to environmental, sustainability and governance standards. Responding to actions by activist
shareholders, such as requests for special meetings, potential nominations of candidates for election to our Board of Directors, requests
to pursue a strategic combination or other transaction, or other special requests may disrupt our business and divert the attention of
management and employees. In addition, any perceived uncertainties as to our future direction resulting from such a situation could result
in the loss of potential business opportunities, be exploited by our competitors, cause concern to our current or potential customers,
and make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners, all of which could negatively impact our
business. Shareholder activism could result in substantial costs. In addition, actions of activist shareholders may cause significant
fluctuations in our stock price based on temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect
the underlying fundamentals of our business. 

- 23 - 

Our
share price may be volatile, and you may be unable to sell your shares. 

The
trading price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and these fluctuations could cause you to lose all or part of your
investment in our common stock. Since shares of our common stock were sold in our initial public offering (IPO) in January 2021 at a
price of 5.00 per share, the reported high and low sales prices of our common stock have ranged from 0.22 to 10.78 per share through
March 27, 2023. Factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate include: 

price
 and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; 

significant
 volatility in the market price and trading volume of technology companies in general, and of companies in our industry; 

actual
 or anticipated changes in our results of operations or fluctuations in our operating results; 

whether
 our operating results meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors; 

failure
 of securities analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of our company, changes in financial estimates or ratings by any securities
 analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet the estimates or the expectations of investors; 

announcements
 of new products or technologies, commercial relationships, acquisitions, or other events by us or our competitors; 

actual
 or anticipated developments in our competitors businesses or the competitive landscape generally; 

actual
 or perceived privacy or data security incidents; 

litigation
 involving us, our industry or both; 

regulatory
 developments in the U.S., foreign countries, or both; 

general
 economic conditions and trends; 

the
 commencement or termination of any share repurchase program; 

new
 laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business; 

the
 availability of our services, security breaches or perceived security breaches, and vulnerabilities; 

changes
 in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations, or principles; 

actions
 instituted by activist shareholders or others; 

major
 catastrophic events, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, outbreaks of pandemic diseases, such as COVID-19,
 or responses to these events; 

sales
 of large blocks of our stock; or 

departures
 of key personnel. 

In
addition, if the market for technology stocks or the stock market in general experiences a loss of investor confidence, the trading price
of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, operating results or financial condition. The trading price
of our common stock might also decline in reaction to events affecting other companies in our industry even if these events do not directly
affect us. 

In
the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has
often been brought against that company. If our stock price is volatile, we may become the target of securities litigation, which could
result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
corporate headquarters is located in Scottsdale, Arizona where we currently lease approximately 3,300 square feet of office space. We
own office space in Santiago, Chile, which is primarily used for our secured managed services and administration in Latin America. We
lease additional offices, none of which we believe to be material to our operations, located throughout the United States and Chile for our service
delivery and administrative personnel. 

We
believe our existing facilities are sufficient for our current needs. Although we have recently closed or consolidated certain of our
facilities, in the future, we may need to add new facilities or expand our existing facilities to meet our evolving business needs. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
are currently not a party to any material legal proceedings. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

- 24 - 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Until
January 13, 2022, our common stock was traded under OTC Market Group s OTCQB. Since January 13, 2022, our common stock has been
listed for trading on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol CISO. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 752 holders of record of our common stock, and the last reported sale price of our common stock on
The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on March 27, 2023 was 0.2972. A significant number of shares of our common stock are held in either
nominee name or street name brokerage accounts, and consequently, we are unable to determine the total number of beneficial owners
of our common stock. 

Dividend
Policy 

To
date, we have paid no dividends on our common stock and do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We plan to retain
all earnings to provide funds for the operations of our company. In the future, our Board of Directors will decide whether to declare
and pay dividends based upon our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, and other factors that our Board of Directors may
consider relevant. We are not under any contractual restriction as to present or future ability to pay dividends. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

In 2022, we issued to Smile on
Friday s an aggregate amount of 398,000 shares of our common stock in exchange for providing marketing and investor relations services. 

In April 2022, we issued 186,000
shares of our common stock to 1 st PMG Capital Corporation in exchange for brokerage and advisory services provided in connection
with our acquisition of Arkavia. 

In May and September 2022, we
issued 62,000 and 98,256 shares of our common stock, respectively to HFG Capital Investments, LLC in exchange for providing advisory services
to us related to our acquisitions of Arkavia, CUATROi, and NLT Secure. 

In September 2022, we issued
165,563 shares of our common stock to Hybrid Financial in exchange for providing investor relations services over a period of one-year. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with
our consolidated financial statements and the related notes contained elsewhere in this Annual Report and is intended to provide information
necessary to understand our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended
December 31, 2021 and highlight certain other information which will enhance a reader s understanding of our financial condition,
changes in financial condition, and results of operations. In particular, the discussion is intended to provide an analysis of significant
trends and material changes in our financial position and the operating results of our business during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. These historical consolidated financial statements may not be indicative of our future
performance. This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains numerous forward-looking
statements, all of which are based on our current expectations and could be affected by the uncertainties and risks described throughout
this filing, particularly in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

- 25 - 

Our
Business 

We
are a cybersecurity and compliance company comprised of highly trained and seasoned security professionals who work with clients to enhance
or create a better cyber posture in their organization. Cybersecurity, also known as computer security or information technology security,
is the protection of computer systems and networks from information disclosure, theft of or damage to their hardware, software, or electronic
data, as well as from the disruption or misdirection of the services they provide. The cybersecurity industry has a supply and demand
issue wherein there is more demand for cybersecurity services than there are expert and seasoned compliance and cybersecurity professionals
available in the market. We seek to identify, attract, and retain highly skilled cyber and compliance teams and bring them together to
provide holistic cyber services. We accomplish this through acquisitions, direct hiring, and incentivizing employees with stock options
to help retain them. On an ongoing basis, we seek to identify cyber talent that is culturally aligned and that offers operating leverage
through both existing customer revenue and relationships. We have invested in enterprise solutions and executive talent to integrate
our different organizations into an ecosystem that works together to provide complete and holistic cybersecurity through cross pollination
of solutions. The ecosystem is intended to provide additional revenue opportunities and drive overall recurring revenue. 

We
provide a full range of cybersecurity consulting and related services, encompassing all three pillars of compliance, cybersecurity, and
culture. Our services include secured managed services, compliance services, security operations center SOC services,
virtual Chief Information Security Officer vCISO services, incident response, certified forensics, technical assessments,
and cybersecurity training. We believe that culture is the foundation of every successful cybersecurity and compliance program. To deliver
that outcome, we developed our unique offering of MCCP+ Managed Compliance Cybersecurity Provider + Culture ), which
is the only holistic solution that provides all three of these pillars under one roof from a dedicated team of subject matter experts.
In contrast to the majority of cybersecurity firms that are focused on a specific technology or service, we seek to differentiate ourselves
by remaining technology agnostic, focusing on accumulating highly sought-after topic experts. We continually seek to identify and acquire
cybersecurity talent to expand our service scope and geographical coverage to provide the best possible service for our clients. We believe
that bringing together a world-class team of technological experts with multi-faceted expertise in the critical aspects of cybersecurity
is key to providing technology agnostic solutions to our clients in a business environment that has suffered from a chronic lack of highly
skilled professionals, thereby setting us apart from competitors and in-house security teams. Our goal is to create a culture of security
and to help quantify, define, and capture a return on investment from information technology and cybersecurity spending. Our brand rallies
around the battle cry: Cyber security is a Culture, not a Product. 

Financial
Highlights 

Our
operating results for the year ended December 31, 2022 included the following: 

Total
 revenue increased by 31.4 million to 46.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022,
 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Total
 gross profit increased by 0.9 million to 2.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022,
 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

- 26 - 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the Year Ended December 31, 2022, to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Our
financial results for the year ended December 31, 2022 are summarized as follows in comparison to the year ended December 31, 2021: 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Variance 

Revenue: 

Security managed services 
 40,920,420 
 11,797,719 
 29,122,701 
 
 Professional services 
 5,629,197 
 3,344,840 
 2,284,357 
 
 Total revenue 
 46,549,617 
 15,142,559 
 31,407,058 

Cost of revenue: 

Security managed services 
 15,431,523 
 3,089,599 
 12,341,924 
 
 Professional services 
 844,287 
 515,171 
 329,116 
 
 Cost of payroll 
 20,036,182 
 7,596,972 
 12,439,210 
 
 Stock based compensation 
 7,512,304 
 2,132,554 
 5,379,750 
 
 Total cost of revenue 
 43,824,296 
 13,334,296 
 30,490,000 
 
 Total gross profit 
 2,725,321 
 1,808,263 
 917,058 

Operating expenses: 

Professional fees 
 2,067,603 
 1,189,319 
 878,284 
 
 Advertising and marketing 
 804,218 
 435,016 
 369,202 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 23,106,451 
 9,809,200 
 13,297,251 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 9,885,191 
 8,076,688 
 1,808,503 
 
 Impairment of goodwill 
 - 
 22,078,064 
 (22,078,064 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 35,863,463 
 41,588,287 
 (5,724,824 

Loss from operations 
 (33,138,142 
 (39,780,024 
 6,641,882 

Other income (expense): 

Other income (expense) 
 43,332 
 (39,063 
 82,395 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 (680,921 
 (307,363 
 (373,558 
 
 PPP loan forgiveness 
 - 
 980,800 
 (980,800 

Total other income (expense) 
 (637,589 
 634,374 
 (1,271,963 

Loss before income taxes 
 (33,775,731 
 (39,145,650 
 5,369,919 

Revenue 

Security
managed services revenue increased by 29,122,701, or 247 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December
31, 2021, primarily due to revenue acquired through our completion of five acquisitions over the last 12 months and new and existing
customer revenue growth. 

Professional
services revenue increased by 2,284,357, or 68 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021,
primarily due to revenue acquired through our completion of five acquisitions over the last 12 months. 

- 27 - 

Expenses 

Cost
of Revenue 

Security
managed services cost of revenue increased by 12,341,924, or 399 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended
December 31, 2021, due primarily to our completion of five acquisitions over the last 12 months, which increased our revenues from hardware
and software sales and their related costs. 

Professional
services cost of revenue increased by 329,116, or 64 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December
31, 2021, due to our increase in revenue from professional services from acquisitions completed over the last 12 months. 

Cost
of payroll increased by 12,439,210, or 164 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021,
due to headcount added primarily through our completion of five acquisitions over the last 12 months. 

Stock-based
compensation increased by 5,379,750, or 252 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021,
due to an increase of stock options awarded to our growing base of revenue generating employees. 

Operating
Expenses 

Professional
fees increased by 878,284, or 74 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, due to an
increase in accounting, legal and other professional fees incurred related to our periodic SEC filings and our efforts to raise additional
capital. 

Advertising
and marketing expenses increased by 369,202, or 85 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to December 31, 2021, due to
our current marketing campaign initiatives to stimulate organic revenue growth, and an increased effort to utilize more internal resources
for advertising and marketing activities. 

Selling,
general, and administrative expenses increased 13,297,251, or 136 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended
December 31, 2021, primarily due to head count added through the completion of five acquisitions over the last 12 months. 

Stock-based
compensation expenses increased by 1,808,503, or 22 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31,
2021, due to an increase in stock options awarded to employees through the completion of five acquisitions of the last 12 months and
shares issued to consultants for marketing services provided. 

Impairment
of goodwill decreased by 22,078,064, or 100 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021,
due to impairment recognized in our goodwill in 2021 whereas impairment was not present in 2022. 

Other
Income (Expense) 

Interest
expense, net increased by 373,558, or 122 , during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021,
due to an increase in our debt assumed through acquisition during 2022 and obtaining 6,000,000 of short-term loans to fund operating
capital. 

Working
Capital 

Our
working capital as of December 31, 2022, as compared to our working capital as of December 31, 2021, is summarized as follows: 

As of 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Current assets 
 14,398,795 
 9,807,301 
 
 Current liabilities 
 23,213,039 
 5,141,561 
 
 Working capital (deficit)/surplus 
 (8,814,244 
 4,665,740 

- 28 - 

The
increase in current assets is primarily due to a decrease in cash and cash equivalents of 891,872, offset by an increase in accounts
receivable, prepaid cost of revenue and prepaid expenses and other current assets of 3,021,495, 2,622,428, and 775,924, respectively.
The increase in current liabilities is primarily due to the increase in accounts payable and accrued expense, deferred revenue, and loans
and convertible notes payable of 5,601,271, 4,419,316 and 8,595,632, respectively. 

Cash
Flows 

Our
cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to our cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, can be summarized
as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (10,681,007 
 (7,385,129 
 
 Net cash (used in)/provided by investing activities 
 (6,048,944 
 2,050,057 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 15,777,909 
 2,863,077 
 
 Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 
 60,170 
 - 
 
 Decrease in cash 
 (891,872 
 (2,471,995 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 10,681,007 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and was primarily due to cash used to fund a net
loss of 33,775,182, adjusted for non-cash expenses in the aggregate of 20,752,668 and additional cash increases from changes in the
levels of operating assets and liabilities in the aggregate of 2,341,507, primarily as a result of an increase in accounts payable and
other deferred revenue. Net cash used in operating activities was 7,385,129 for the year ended December 31, 2021 and was primarily due
to cash used to fund a net loss of 39,145,650, adjusted for non-cash expenses in the aggregate of 33,853,661, partially offset by cash
generated by changes in the levels of operating assets and liabilities in the aggregate of 2,093,140, primarily as a result of an increase
in accounts receivable and other current assets. 

Investing
Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities of 6,048,944 for the year ended December 31, 2022, was primarily due cash paid as part of the acquisition
of True Digital. Net cash provided by investing activities of 2,050,057 for the year ended December 31, 2021, was due to cash acquired
in the acquisitions of VelocIT, Atlantic, RED74 and Arkavia. 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 15,777,909, which was primarily due to cash received
from the sale of our common stock, and net proceeds from loans and notes payable of 10,689,087 and 6,061,585, respectively, and offset
by the payment of loans of 2,452,905. Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 2,863,077,
which was primarily due to cash received from the sale of our common stock, and proceeds from loans and notes payable of 3,250,000 and
 1,863,474, respectively, and offset by payments on loans of 2,300,397. 

Liquidity 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the basis that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates
realization of assets and satisfying liabilities in the normal course of business. At December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit
of 77,787,604 and working capital deficit of 8,814,244. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a loss from operations of 33,138,142
and negative cash flows from operations of 10,681,007. Although our company is showing positive revenue and gross profit trends, we
expect to incur further losses through the end of 2023. 

- 29 - 

To
date, we have funded operations primarily through the sale of equity in public offerings, private placements, loan proceeds, and revenue
generated by our services. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received 10,689,087 from our public offerings of our common stock,
 5,975,000 in net proceeds from our bridge loans, and 1,480,142 from the exercise of stock options. On June 27, 2022, our Registration
Statement on Form S-3 was declared effective, and we may offer and sell from time to time, in one or more series, any of our securities,
for total gross proceeds up to 300,000,000. As of December 31, 2022, we had 298,734,727 of available funding from our S-3 Registration
Statement from which we may issue our securities to fund current and future operations. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a net loss of 33,775,182,
had negative cash flows from operations of 10,681,007, and working capital deficit of 8,814,244. These matters raise substantial doubt
as to our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our existence is dependent upon our ability to develop profitable operations. We are devoting substantially all of our efforts to developing our business,
reducing overhead costs, and raising capital, although there can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful. No assurance can be given that our actions will result in profitable operations
or the resolution of liquidity problems. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

In
order to improve our liquidity, in addition to a planned reduction in overhead costs, we are actively pursuing additional debt and/or equity financing through discussions with investment bankers and private investors. There
can be no assurance that we will be successful in our efforts to secure additional financing. 

The
financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability of assets and the amount or classification of liabilities
that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

- 30 - 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

See
Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent liabilities at dates of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenue and expenses during the periods. Our significant estimates and assumptions include the recoverability and useful lives
of long-lived assets, stock-based compensation, and the valuation allowance related to our deferred tax assets. Certain of our estimates,
including the carrying amount of intangible assets and goodwill, could be affected by external conditions, including those unique to
us and general economic conditions. It is reasonably possible that these external factors could have an effect on our estimates and could
cause actual results to differ from those estimates. 

Fair
Value Measurement 

The
fair value measurement guidance clarifies that fair value is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an
asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement
that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in the valuation of an asset or liability. It establishes
a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest
priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority
to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy under the fair value measurement guidance
are described below: 

Level
1 - Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical assets or liabilities; 

Level
2 - Quoted prices in markets that are not active, or inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the
full term of the asset or liability; or 

Level
3 - Prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (supported
by little or no market activity). 

Business
Combination 

We
allocate the purchase price of an acquired business to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon
their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. Any excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired
is recorded as goodwill. The purchase price allocation process requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially
at the acquisition date with respect to intangible assets. Direct transaction costs associated with the business combination are expensed
as incurred. The allocation of the consideration transferred in certain cases may be subject to revision based on the final determination
of fair values during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date. We include the results of operations
of the business that it has acquired in its consolidated results prospectively from the date of acquisition. 

- 31 - 

If
the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer s previously held equity interest
in the acquiree is re-measured to fair value at the acquisition date; any gains or losses arising from such re-measurement are recognized
in profit or loss. 

Intangible
Assets 

Intangible
assets are comprised of trademarks, customer bases, non-compete agreements and intellectual property with original estimated useful lives
with a range of 2 to 15 years. Once placed into service, we amortize the cost of the intangible assets over their estimated useful lives
on a straight-line basis. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill
represents the excess of the purchase price of the acquired business over the estimated fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired.
Goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment at least annually at year end, at the reporting unit level or more frequently
if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting level
by first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit
is less than its carrying value. If the reporting unit does not pass the qualitative assessment, then the reporting unit s carrying
value is compared to its fair value. The fair values of the reporting units are estimated using market and discounted cash flow approaches.
Goodwill is considered impaired if the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value. The discounted cash flow approach
uses expected future operating results. Failure to achieve these expected results may cause a future impairment of goodwill at the reporting
unit. 

Impairment
of Long-lived Assets 

We
will periodically evaluate the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used when events and circumstances warrant such a review
and at least annually. The carrying value of a long-lived asset is considered impaired when the anticipated undiscounted cash flow from
such asset is separately identifiable and is less than its carrying value. In that event, a loss is recognized based on the amount by
which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the long-lived asset. Fair value is determined primarily using the anticipated cash
flows discounted at a rate commensurate with the risk involved. Losses on long-lived assets to be disposed of are determined in a similar
manner, except that fair values are reduced for the cost to dispose. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

We
measure the cost of services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the fair value of the award. For employees
and directors, the fair value of the award is measured on the grant date and for non-employees, the fair value of the award is generally
re-measured on vesting dates and interim financial reporting dates until the service period is complete. Awards granted to directors
are treated on the same basis as awards granted to employees. 

Revenue
Recognition 

Our
agreements with clients are primarily service contracts that range in duration from a few months to one year. We recognize revenue when
control of these services is transferred to the client for an amount, referred to as the transaction price, which reflects the consideration
to which we are expected to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. 

A
contract with a client exists only when: 

the
 parties to the contract have approved it and are committed to perform their respective obligations; 

we
 can identify each party s rights regarding the distinct services to be transferred performance obligations 

we
 can determine the transaction price for the services to be transferred; and 

the
 contract has commercial substance, and it is probable that we will collect the consideration to which it will be entitled in exchange
 for the goods or services that will be transferred to the client. 

- 32 - 

We
do not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component since we expect, at contract
inception, that the period between the time of transfer of the promised goods or services to the client and the time the client pays
for these goods or services to be generally one year or less. Our credit terms to clients generally average thirty days, although in
some cases payments are required in 15 days. 

We
do not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts with original expected duration of one year or less. 

See
Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included elsewhere in this Annual Report
for additional information regarding revenue recognition and deferred revenue. 

Reimbursed
Expenses 

We
include reimbursed expenses in revenue and costs of revenue as we are primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the
specified service, including the integration of the related services into a combined output to the client, which are inseparable from
the integrated service. These costs include such items as consumables, transportation and travel expenses, over which we have discretion
in establishing prices. 

Costs
of Revenue 

Costs
of revenue include (i) compensation and benefits for billable employees and consultants directly involved with delivering services offerings
and engagements; (ii) consumables used for the services; and (iii) other expenses directly related to service contracts such as professional
services, meals and travel expenses. 

Volatility
in Stock-Based Compensation 

The
volatility is based on historical volatilities of companies in comparable stages as well as the historical volatility of companies in
the industry and, by statistical analysis of the daily share-pricing model. The volatility of stock-based compensation at any point in
time is based on historical volatility of similar companies in the industry for the last two to five years. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenue or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Because
we are a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
information called for by Item 8 is included beginning on page F-1 contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

- 33 - 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls
and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing
disclosure controls and procedures, our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship
of possible disclosure controls and procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable,
not absolute, assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 

Our management, with the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation and subject to the foregoing, our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the
material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is
a process designed under the supervision of its principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our Board of Directors,
management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
its consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Material Weakness in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Our management assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management
has determined that our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 was not effective. 

A material weakness, as defined
in the standards established by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

The ineffectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting was due to the following material weaknesses which are indicative of many small companies with small
number of staff: 

lack of risk assessment procedures on internal controls to detect financial reporting risks in a timely
manner; and 

lack of documentation on policies and procedures that are critical to the accomplishment of financial reporting
objectives. 

We will continue to monitor and
evaluate the relevance of our risk-based approach and the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures over financial reporting
on an ongoing basis, and we are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary
and in accordance with financial and budgetary considerations. 

Management s Plan to Remediate the Material
Weakness 

Our management plans to implement
measures designed to ensure that control deficiencies contributing to the material weakness are remediated, such that these controls are
designed, implemented, and operating effectively. The remediation actions planned include: 

identify gaps in our skills base and the expertise of our staff required to meet the financial reporting
requirements of a public company; and 

develop policies and procedures on internal control over financial reporting and monitor the effectiveness
of operations on existing controls and procedures. 

Our management will continue to
monitor and evaluate the relevance of our risk-based approach and the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures over financial
reporting on an ongoing basis and is committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary
and as funds allow. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Our management s
report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide
only management s report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which may increase the risk that weaknesses or deficiencies in our
internal control over financial reporting go undetected. 

- 34 - 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in
our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended
December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we have hired additional finance and accounting staff that we expect will
positively impact our segregation of duties in the coming periods. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

Letter Agreement with Neil Stinchcombe 

On
March 27, 2023, we entered into a letter agreement with Neil Stinchcombe to resolve a dispute about certain payment terms of a convertible
note previously issued to Mr. Stinchcombe, with an outstanding principal amount of 1,500,000. Pursuant to the terms of this agreement,
we agreed to repay the principal amount of the note in three equal installment payments of 500,000, on each of March 31, April 28, and
May 31, 2023, with accrued interest to be paid on May 31, 2023 at the note s reflected interest rate of 5.0 per annum. If we fail
to timely make any of the foregoing payments, the applicable interest rate will be increased to a default rate of 24 per annum. 

Notice
of Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule 

On
March 29, 2023, we received a letter from the listing qualifications staff (the Staff of Nasdaq providing notification
that the bid price for our common stock had closed below 1.00 per share for the previous 30 consecutive business days and our common
stock no longer meets the minimum bid price requirement for continued listing under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). In accordance with
Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we have an initial period of 180 calendar days, or until September 25, 2023, to regain compliance.
To regain compliance, the closing bid price of our common stock must be 1.00 per share or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business
days at any time before September 25, 2023. 

If
we do not regain compliance with Rule 5550(a)(2) by September 25, 2023, we may be eligible for an additional 180 calendar day compliance
period. To qualify, we would need to meet the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all other initial
listing standards for the Nasdaq Capital Market, with the exception of the minimum bid price requirement, and would need to provide written
notice of our intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period, by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary.
However, if it appears to the Staff that we will not be able to cure the deficiency, or if we are otherwise not eligible, Nasdaq would
notify us that our securities would be subject to delisting. In the event of such notification, we may appeal the Staff s determination
to delist our securities, but there can be no assurance the Staff would grant our request for continued listing. 

The
Nasdaq notification has no immediate effect on the listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market. We intend to actively monitor
the bid price of our common stock and our minimum market value of listed securities and will consider options available to us to achieve
compliance with the Nasdaq listing rules. There can be no assurance that we will be able to regain compliance with the minimum bid price
requirement or will otherwise be in compliance with the other listing standards for the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Separation
of David A. Bennett 

On
March 30, 2023, David A. Bennett, our Chief Operating Officer, separated from our company. 

Appointment
of Kyle J. Young 

On
March 30, 2023, our Board of Directors appointed Kyle J. Young as Interim Chief Operating Officer of our company. Mr. Young, age 40,
has served as our Executive Vice President, Operations since January 2022 and previously served as our Vice President, Operations
from February 2021 to January 2022. Mr. Young served in various roles at BeyondTrust Software, a U.S.-based cybersecurity vendor,
from December 2007 to February 2022, most recently serving as its Vice President, Business and Sales Operations. Mr. Young holds a
bachelor s degree in Speech Communications Rhetoric from the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign. 

On
March 30, 2023, we entered into the Young Employment Agreement with Mr. Young. The Young Employment Agreement is evergreen and can
be terminated by either party. Pursuant to the Young Employment Agreement, Mr. Young will receive an annual base salary of 200,000,
which will be subject to review and adjustment in accordance with our policies. Mr. Young will be eligible to receive an annual
bonus between 20 and 100 of his base salary, in the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. Mr. Young is also eligible to
participate in our standard benefit plans. 

There
are no family relationships between Mr. Young and any of our directors or executive officers. There have been no transactions since the
beginning of our last fiscal year, and no transactions are currently proposed, in which we were or are to be a participant and in which
Mr. Young or any member of his immediate family had or will have any interest, that are required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a)
of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not
applicable. 

- 35 - 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding our Directors and Executive Officers. The age of each Director and Executive
Officer listed below is given as of March 31, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 David G. Jemmett 
 
 56 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Kyle J. Young 
 
 40 
 
 Interim Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Debra L. Smith 
 
 52 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Ashley N. Devoto 
 
 39 
 
 President, Chief Information Security Officer and Director 
 
 Stephen H. Scott, Jr. 
 
 54 
 
 Director 
 
 Ret. General Robert C. Oaks (3) 
 
 85 
 
 Director 
 
 R. Scott Holbrook (1) (2) (3) 
 
 73 
 
 Director 
 
 Andrew K. McCain (1) (2) 
 
 60 
 
 Director 
 
 Ernst M. (KiKi) VanDeWeghe, III (1) (2) (3) 
 
 63 
 
 Director 

(1) 
 Member
 of the Audit Committee 
 
 (2) 
 Member
 of the Compensation Committee 
 
 (3) 
 Member
 of the Governance and Nominating Committee 

Our
Executive Officers 

David
G. Jemmett Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Mr.
Jemmett has served as our Chief Executive Officer and a director of our company since our formation in March 2019. He also founded GenResults
in June 2015, which we subsequently acquired in April 2019. From January 2014 to December 2014, Mr. Jemmett served as Chief Executive
Officer of NantCloud, LLC, a provider of secure cloud-hosted applications for healthcare customers, and Chief Technology Officer of NantWorks,
LLC, a parent company for the Nant family of companies. From 2005 to 2013, Mr. Jemmett served as founder and Chief Executive
Officer of ClearDATA Networks Corporation, a HIPAA compliant hosting company specializing in healthcare. He has been a guest speaker
on CBS, CNN, MSNBC and CSPAN, and has spoken before the U.S. Senate Subcommittee on Telecommunications and Internet Security regarding
internet technologies in 1998. 

We believe Mr. Jemmett is qualified
to serve as a director of our company due to his extensive business background, his experience in the cybersecurity industry, and his
significant equity ownership in our company. 

Kyle J. Young Interim Chief Operating
Officer 

Mr. Young has served as our
Interim Chief Operating Officer since March 2023. Previously Mr. Young served as our Executive Vice President, Operations from
January 2022 to March 2023 and as our Vice President, Operations from February 2021 to January 2022. Mr. Young served in various
roles at BeyondTrust Software, a U.S.-based cybersecurity vendor, from December 2007 to February 2022, most recently serving as its
Vice President, Business and Sales Operations. Mr. Young holds a bachelor s degree in Speech Communications Rhetoric
from the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign. 

- 36 - 

Debra
L. Smith Chief Financial Officer 

Ms.
Smith has served as our Chief Financial Officer since June 2021. Ms. Smith served as our Executive Vice President of Finance and Accounting
from February 2021 to June 2021. Prior to joining our company, Ms. Smith served as Executive Vice President of Finance at Arrivia Inc.
from January 2020 to February 2021 and Controller and, subsequently, Chief Accounting Officer at BeyondTrust from October 2016 to January
2020. Ms. Smith received a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting, Summa Cum Laude, from DeVry University and a Master s degree
in Counseling with Honors from Argosy University. 

Ashley
N. Devoto President and Director 

Ms.
Devoto has served as our President since July 2022 and as our Chief Information Security Officer and as a director of our company
since March 2022. Ms. Devoto has served in various roles at Booz Allen Hamilton, a U.S.-based government contractor, from June 2018
to March 2022, most recently serving as its Chief Information Security Officer. From April 2017 to June 2018, Ms. Devoto served as
Business Information Security officer for Bank of America, a financial services company. Ms. Devoto has served in the U.S. Air Force
Cyberspace Operations since March 2010, and she served as defensive cyber operations planner at 24th Air Force and NORAD/USNORTHCOM.
Ms. Devoto continues to serve in a reserve capacity by leading strategic cyber force development initiatives in her current
assignment at the Pentagon. Ms. Devoto holds a bachelor s degree in Computer Engineering from Vanderbilt University and a
master s degree in Engineering Management from Southern Methodist University. 

We
believe Ms. Devoto is qualified for service as a director of our company due to her cybersecurity experience, as well as her extensive
experience across military, financial services, and professional services organizations. 

Our
Directors 

Stephen
H. Scott, Jr. Director 

Mr.
Scott has served as a founder and director of our company since April 2019. Mr. Scott has been a Partner with Advisor ID (formerly BRI
Partners), a financial services technology firm, since 2016. Mr. Scott was Managing Director of Longboard Asset Management from 2016
to 2017. From 2009 to 2016, Mr. Scott was at Van Eck Global, where he served as the Co-Head of the Alternatives Committee and as portfolio
manager. Mr. Scott has founded and managed several investment partnerships focused on both private and public investment strategies since
1995. Mr. Scott holds a Bachelor of Science from the University of Florida. 

Mr.
Scott is qualified for service as a director of our company due to his background in both the financial services and technology industries. 

- 37 - 

Ret.
General Robert C. Oaks Director 

Ret.
General Oaks has served as a director of our company since May 2019. He is a retired U.S. Air Force general who served as commander in
chief of the U.S. Air Forces in Europe, and commander, Allied Air Forces Central Europe, with headquarters at Ramstein Air Base, Germany.
He retired as a four-star General and Commander and Chief of U.S. Air Forces Europe and NATO Central Europe in 1994 after serving 34
years. Following his retirement, Ret. General Oaks was employed at U.S. Airways as Senior Vice President from 1994 to 2000. In 2000,
Oaks resigned from this position when he was called to serve the LDS Church, where he served until 2009, when he was released as a general
authority. He earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Military Science from the U.S. Air Force Academy and a Master s degree in
Business Administration from Ohio State University prior to graduating from the Naval War College. Ret. General Oaks currently serves
as the official Liaison for the Church of Jesus Christ to the U.S. Armed Forces. 

We
believe Ret. General Oaks is qualified for service as a director of our company due to his experience with national security issues,
including cybersecurity, through his extensive military service. 

R.
Scott Holbrook Director 

Mr.
Holbrook has served as a director of our company since May 2019. Since 2013, Mr. Holbrook has been a Principal at Mountain Summit Advisors,
a specialty firm focused on mergers and acquisitions of primarily healthcare technology and services companies, and a strategic advisor
to Health Catalyst, a company focused on data analytics and warehousing primarily in healthcare. He served as the Executive Vice President
of Medicity, a population health management company with solutions for health information exchange, business intelligence, and provider
and patient engagement, from 2002 to 2013. In 1998, Mr. Holbrook founded KLAS where he remains as a board member. He has served in executive
positions at IHC, GTE, Sunquest Information Systems, Integrated Medical Networks and is a founder of Park City Solutions. Mr. Holbrook
is a HIMSS Fellow. He holds a Master of Science from Utah State University and a Bachelor of Science from Brigham Young University. 

We
believe Mr. Holbrook is qualified for service as a director of our company as a result of his significant experience in the healthcare
technology sector. 

Andrew
K. McCain Director 

Mr.
McCain has served as a director of our company since May 2019. He has served as the President and Chief Operating Officer for Hensley
Beverage Company since 2014. He is a board member of the Arizona Super Bowl Host Committee, the Arizona 2016 College Football Championship
Local Organizing Committee, Chairman of Hensley Employee Foundation, and a Patrons Committee member of United Methodist Outreach Ministries 
New Day Centers. He is past Chairman of the Board of the Fiesta Bowl, past Chairman of the Anheuser-Busch National Wholesaler Advisory
Panel, and past Chairman of the Greater Phoenix Chamber of Commerce. Mr. McCain received his Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics in 1984
and an MBA in 1986 from Vanderbilt University. 

We
believe Mr. McCain is qualified for service as a director of our company due to his significant business experience and leadership. 

Ernst
M. (Kiki) VanDeWeghe, III Director 

Mr.
VanDeWeghe has served as a director of our company since May 2021. He has served as the Executive Vice President, Basketball Operations
of the National Basketball Association since 2013. Prior to that, Mr. VanDeWeghe was the general manager of the Denver Nuggets and the
New Jersey Nets and a head coach of the New Jersey Nets. Prior to that he played professionally for the Los Angeles Clippers, New York
Knicks, Portland Trail Blazers, and the Denver Nuggets. Mr. VanDeWeghe attended UCLA where he received a degree in Economics. 

We
believe Mr. VanDeWeghe is qualified for service as a director of our company due to his business acumen and experience as an organizational
leader. 

- 38 - 

Board
Constitution 

Our
Board of Directors currently consists of seven members. All directors hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders. At each
annual meeting of stockholders, the successors to directors whose terms then expire are elected to serve from the time of election and
qualification until the next annual meeting following election. 

Director
Independence 

Our
Board of Directors is comprised of a majority of independent directors, as independence, is defined by the listing standards
of The Nasdaq Stock Market and by the SEC. Our Board of Directors has concluded that each of Messrs. Oaks, Holbrook, McCain, and Mr.
VanDeWeghe are independent , having concluded that any relationship between such director and our company, in its opinion,
does not interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Mr. Jemmett and Ms.
Devoto are employee directors. Mr. Scott is considered independent as he has served as a founder and director of our company since April
2019. Sandra D. Morgan served on our Board of Directors in fiscal 2021 and resigned in March 2022. Ms. Morgan was an independent director. 

Board
Committees 

Our
Board of Directors has three standing committees: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, and Governance and Nominating Committee. 

Audit
Committee 

The
Audit Committee of our Board of Directors was established in accordance with Rule 10A-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. The current
members of our Audit Committee are Messrs. McCain, Holbrook, and VanDeWeghe, with Mr. McCain serving as the chair. Ms. Morgan served
on the Audit Committee during fiscal 2021 but resigned from our Board of Directors in March 2022. Mr. VanDeWeghe was appointed to the
Audit Committee in March 2022 following Ms. Morgan s resignation. Each member of the Audit Committee meets the independence and
other requirements to serve on our Audit Committee under The Nasdaq Stock Market Rules and the rules of the SEC. In addition, our Board
of Directors determined that each of Messrs. McCain and Holbrook is considered an audit committee financial expert as defined
in the rules of the SEC. 

The
Audit Committee was formed in 2021. Our Board of Directors has adopted a written charter for the Audit Committee, a copy of which is
posted in the Investor Resources and Corporate Governance section of our website at https://www.ciso.inc/investor-relations/charter-of-the-audit-committee .
The principal functions of the Audit Committee are to oversee our accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits of our
consolidated financial statements; oversee our relationship with our independent auditors, including selecting, evaluating, and setting
the compensation of, and approving all audit and non-audit services to be performed by the independent auditors; and facilitate communication
among our independent auditors and our financial and senior management. 

Compensation
Committee 

We
have a standing Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors. The members of our Compensation Committee are Messrs. Holbrook, VanDeWeghe,
and McCain, with Mr. Holbrook serving as the chair. Each member of the Compensation Committee meets the independence and other requirements
to serve on our Compensation Committee under The Nasdaq Stock Market Rules and the rules of the SEC. 

The
Compensation Committee was formed in 2021. Our Board of Directors has adopted a written charter for the Compensation Committee, a copy
of which is posted in the Investor Resources and Corporate Governance section of our website at www.ciso.inc/investor-relations/charter-of-the-compensation-committee .
The Compensation Committee has responsibilities relating to the performance evaluation and the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer;
the compensation of our executive officers and directors; and our significant compensation arrangements, plans, policies, and programs,
including our stock compensation plans. Certain of our executive officers, our outside counsel, and consultants may occasionally attend
the meetings of the Compensation Committee. However, no officer of our company is present during discussions or deliberations regarding
that officer s own compensation. 

- 39 - 

Governance
and Nominating Committee 

We
have a standing Governance and Nominating Committee of our Board of Directors. The current members of our Governance and Nominating Committee
are Messrs. Oaks, Holbrook and VanDeWeghe, with Mr. VanDeWeghe serving as the chair. Ms. Morgan serve on the Governance and Nominating
Committee during fiscal 2021 but resigned from our Board of Directors in March 2022. Mr. VanDeWeghe was appointed to the Governance and
Nominating Committee in March 2022 following Ms. Morgan s resignation. Each of Messrs. Oaks, Holbrook and VanDeWeghe meets the
independence and other requirements to serve on our Governance and Nominating Committee under The Nasdaq Stock Market Rules and the rules
of the SEC. 

The
Governance and Nominating Committee was formed in 2021. Our Board of Directors has adopted a written charter for the Governance and Nominating
Committee, a copy of which is posted in the Investor Resources and Corporate Governance section of our website at https://www.ciso.inc/investor-relations/charter-of-the-nominating-and-corporate-governance-committee .
The Governance and Nominating Committee considers the performance of the members of our Board of Directors and nominees for director
positions and evaluates and oversees corporate governance and related issues. 

The
goal of the Governance and Nominating Committee is to ensure that our directors possess a variety of perspectives and skills derived
from high-quality business and professional experience. The Governance and Nominating Committee seeks to achieve a balance of knowledge,
experience, and capability on our Board of Directors. To this end, the Governance and Nominating Committee seeks nominees with the highest
professional and personal ethics and values, an understanding of our business and industry, diversity of business experience and expertise,
a high level of education, broad-based business acumen, and the ability to think strategically. Although the Governance and Nominating
Committee uses these and other criteria to evaluate potential nominees to our Board of Directors, it has no stated minimum criteria for
such nominees. The Governance and Nominating Committee does not use different standards to evaluate nominees depending on whether they
are proposed by our directors and management or by our stockholders. To date, we have not paid any third parties to assist us in this
process. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct Code of Ethics that sets forth various policies and procedures to
promote ethical behavior and that applies to all our directors, officers and employees. The Code of Ethics is publicly available on our
website at www.ciso.inc. Amendments to the Code of Ethics and any grant of a waiver from a provision of the Code of Ethics requiring
disclosure under applicable SEC rules will be disclosed on our website. 

Delinquent Section 16(a)
Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act, requires officers and directors of our company and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered
class of our company s equity securities to file initial statements of beneficial ownership of common stock (Form 3) and statements
of changes in beneficial ownership of common stock (Forms 4 or 5) with the SEC. Officers, directors, and greater than 10 stockholders
are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all such forms they file. 

During fiscal 2022 and years prior,
each of Ms. Smith and Devoto, and Messers. Jemmett, Bennett, Scott, Oaks, Holbrook, McCain, and VanDeWeghe failed to file all reports
which were required to be filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 

- 40 - 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
following table shows the total compensation paid or accrued during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 to our Chief Executive
Officer, our next three most highly compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers on December 31, 2022 and one
additional individual who served as an executive officer during the year ended December 31, 2022 but was not serving as an executive
officer on December 31, 2022 (collectively our named executive officers ). 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards )
 (1) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total
 ) 
 
 David
G. Jemmett 
 
 2022 
 250,000 
 116,651 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 225 
 366,876 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 2021 
 250,000 
 90,213 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 340,213 
 
 Debra
 L. Smith 
 2022 
 200,000 
 60,500 
 - 
 892,200 
 - 
 - 
 225 
 1,152,925 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (2) 
 2021 
 183,333 
 55,000 
 - 
 532,611 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 770,944 
 
 Ashley
 N. Devoto 
 2022 
 175,781 
 100,000 
 - 
 1,784,400 
 - 
 - 
 225 
 2,060,406 
 
 President (3) 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 David
 A. Bennett 
 2022 
 208,426 
 150,000 
 - 
 3,568,800 
 - - 
 
 225 
 3,927,451 
 
 Former
 Chief Operating Officer (4) 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - - 
 - 
 - 

Bryce P.Hancock 
 2022 
 37,500 
 - 
 - 
 3,489,562 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3,527,062 
 
 Former President and Chief Operating Officer (5) 
 2021 
 225,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 225,000 

(1) 
 The amounts in this column reflect the fair value on the grant date of the option awards granted to the named executive officer, calculated in accordance with ASC Topic 718. Stock options were valued using the Black-Scholes model. The grant-date fair value does not necessarily reflect the value of shares which may be received in the future with respect to these awards. The grant-date fair value of the stock options in this column is a non-cash expense that reflects the fair value of the stock options on the grant date and therefore does not affect our cash balance. The fair value of the stock options will likely vary from the actual value the holder receives because the actual value depends on the number of options exercised and the market price of our common stock on the date of exercise. For a discussion of the assumptions made in the valuation of the stock options, see Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

(2) 
 Ms. Smith was appointed to serve as our Vice President of Finance on February 1, 2021 and as our Chief Financial Officer on June 18, 2021. 

(3) 
 Ms. Devoto was appointed to serve as our Chief Information Security Officer on January 17, 2022 and as our President on August 8, 2022. 

(4) 
 Mr. Bennett was appointed to serve as our Chief Operating Officer on February 22, 2022. Mr. Bennett separated from our company on March 30, 2023. 

(5) 
 Mr. Hancock resigned on February 15, 2022. 

- 41 - 

Outstanding
Equity Awards as of December 31, 2022 

The
following table summarizes the outstanding equity awards held by each named executive officer as of December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Grant Date 
 Number of Shares Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Shares Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 

David G. Jemmett 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Debra L. Smith 
 February 1, 2021 (1) 
 295,833 
 500,000 
 2.00 
 February 1, 2026 

December 31, 2021 (2) 
 1,250 
 5,000 
 5.00 
 December 31, 2031 

January 14, 2022 (1)(5) 
 - 
 500,000 
 3.02 
 January 14, 2032 

Ashley N. Devoto 
 January
17, 2022 (2)(5) 
 - 
 1,000,000 
 3.02 
 January 17, 2032 

David A. Bennett 
 February
28, 2022 (2)(5) 
 - 
 1,000,000 
 3.02 
 February 28, 2032 

February
28, 2022 (3)(5) 
 - 
 500,000 
 3.02 
 February 28, 2032 

February 28, 2022 (4)(5) 
 - 
 500,000 
 3.02 
 February 28, 2032 

Bryce P. Hancock 
 January 14, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 2.00 
 February 28, 2022 

December 15, 2020 
 1,075,000 
 - 
 2.00 
 December 15, 2025 

(1) 
 30 
 of the shares underlying this option vested at the one-year anniversary from the grant date with the remainder vesting in 24 equal
 installments on the last day of each month thereafter. 
 
 (2) 
 25 
 of the shares underlying this option vested on the one-year anniversary of the grant date with the remainder vesting monthly over
 the subsequent 36-month period. 
 
 (3) 
 25 
 of the shares underlying this option vested on the eighteen-month anniversary of the grant date with the remainder vesting monthly
 over the subsequent 36-month period. 
 
 (4) 
 25 
 of the shares underlying this option vested on the two-year anniversary of the grant date with the remainder vesting monthly over
 the subsequent 36-month period. 
 
 (5) 
 On
 August 22, 2022, we repriced these option grants to reflect an exercise price equal to the fair value of our common stock. Vesting
 provisions of these option grant remained on the same terms as the original option grant. 

Employment
Agreements with our Named Executive Officers 

David
G. Jemmett 

On
September 30, 2019, we entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Jemmett to serve as our Chief Executive Officer (the Jemmett
Employment Agreement ). The Jemmett Employment Agreement is evergreen and can be terminated by either party. Pursuant to the Jemmett
Employment Agreement, Mr. Jemmett earned an initial annual base salary of 225,000, which was increased to an annual base salary of 250,000
upon our common stock becoming quoted on the OTC Markets. Mr. Jemmett s base salary may be increased in accordance with our normal
compensation and performance review policies. He is entitled to receive a discretionary annual bonus of up to 100 of his annual base
salary, at the discretion of our Board of Directors, based on performance and our objectives. Subject to approval by our Board of Directors,
Mr. Jemmett is entitled to stock options under our 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. The stock options will vest at 33 on the one-year anniversary
of the Jemmett Employment Agreement and the remaining 66 of the options will vest monthly over the next 12 months. As of December 31,
2021, our Board of Directors had not approved or granted any stock options to Mr. Jemmett. On July 31, 2021, a bonus of 90,213 was accrued
for Mr. Jemmett and subsequently paid on February 15, 2022. Mr. Jemmett is also eligible to participate in our standard benefit plans. 

- 42 - 

Debra
L. Smith 

On
December 31, 2020, we entered into an employment agreement with Ms. Smith to serve as our Executive Vice President of Finance, effective
as of February 1, 2021 (the Smith Employment Agreement ). Pursuant to the Smith Employment Agreement, Ms. Smith earns an
initial base annual salary of 200,000, with an increase upon our listing to a national exchange, subject to approval by our Board of
Directors, a guaranteed bonus of 60,000 to be paid quarterly, and an additional 60,000 at the end of each fiscal year at the discretion
of our Board of Directors. Ms. Smith is also eligible to participate in our standard benefit plans. On June 18, 2021, we appointed Ms.
Smith to serve as Chief Financial Officer. The terms of the original Smith Employment Agreement remained in force. 

Ashley
N. Devoto 

On
December 23, 2021, we entered into an employment agreement with Ms. Devoto to serve as our Chief Information Security Officer (the Devoto
Employment Agreement ). The Devoto Employment Agreement is evergreen and can be terminated by either party. Pursuant to the Devoto
Employment Agreement, Ms. Devoto earned an initial base annual salary of 225,000, with an increase upon our listing to a national exchange,
subject to approval of our Board of Directors, a guaranteed bonus of equal to 20 of base annual salary, an annual bonus up to 100 of
base annual salary at the discretion of our Board of Directors, and a sign-on bonus of 100,000. Ms. Devoto is also eligible to participate
in our standard benefit plans. On August 8, 2022, we appointed Ms. Devoto to serve as President. The terms of the Devoto Employment Agreement
remained in force. 

David
A. Bennett 

On
February 28, 2022, we entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Bennett to serve as our Chief Operating Officer (the
 Bennett Employment Agreement ). The Bennett Employment Agreement was evergreen and could be terminated by either party.
Pursuant to the Bennett Employment Agreement, Mr. Bennett received an initial base annual salary of 250,000, which could be increased at
the discretion of our Board of Directors, an annual bonus up to 100 of base annual salary at the discretion of our Board of
Directors, and a sign-on bonus of 150,000. Mr. Bennett was also eligible to participate in our standard benefit plans. Mr.
Bennett separated from our company on March 30, 2023. 

Bryce Hancock 

On
December 14, 2020, we entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Hancock to serve as our Chief Operating Officer (the Hancock
Employment Agreement ). The Hancock Employment Agreement was evergreen and could be terminated by either party. Pursuant to the
Hancock Employment Agreement, Mr. Hancock earned an initial base annual salary of 225,000, which could be increased at the discretion
of our Board of Directors. Mr. Hancock was also eligible to participate in our standard benefit plans. Mr. Hancock resigned on February
15, 2022. 

- 43 - 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table sets forth for each non-employee director certain information concerning their compensation for the year ended
December 31, 2022: 

Name
 (2) 
 Fees Earned or Paid
 in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards )
 (1) 
 Non-equity Incentive
 Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Stephen Scott (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 138,000 
 138,000 
 
 Robert C. Oaks 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Scott Holbrook 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Andy McCain 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Sandra Morgan (4) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Kiki VanDeWeghe 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Notes: 

(1) 
 The
 amounts in this column reflect the fair value on the grant date of the option awards granted to the named executive, calculated in
 accordance with ASC Topic 718. Stock options were valued using the Black-Scholes model. The grant-date fair value does not necessarily
 reflect the value of shares which may be received in the future with respect to these awards. The grant-date fair value of the stock
 options in this column is a non-cash expense that reflects the fair value of the stock options on the grant date and therefore does
 not affect our cash balance. The fair value of the stock options will likely vary from the actual value the holder receives because
 the actual value depends on the number of options exercised and the market price of our common stock on the date of exercise. For
 a discussion of the assumptions made in the valuation of the stock options, see Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements,
 which are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

(2) 
 All
 directors receive reimbursement for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in attending Board meetings and for participating in our business. 

(3) 
 Mr.
 Scott receives payment of 11,500 per month under the terms of an independent consulting agreement to provide services relating to
 our strategic and business development, and sales and marketing. 

(4) 
 Ms.
 Morgan resigned on March 15, 2022. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 27, 2023 for
(a) the named executive officers, (b) each of our directors, (c) all of our current directors and executive officers as a group and (d)
each stockholder known by us to own beneficially more than 5 of our common stock. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with
the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. We deem shares of common stock that may
be acquired by an individual or group within 60 days of March 27, 2023 pursuant to the exercise of options or warrants to be outstanding
for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of such individual or group but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose
of computing the percentage ownership of any other person shown in the table. Except as indicated in footnotes to this table, we believe
that the stockholders named in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown to be
beneficially owned by them based on information provided to us by these stockholders. Percentage of ownership is based on 154,176,477 shares of
common stock outstanding on March 27, 2023. 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Holders 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent 
 
 Jemmett Enterprises, LLC 
 66,435,000 (2) 
 43.09 

- 44 - 

Security
Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent 
 
 David G. Jemmett 
 69,435,000 (3) 
 45.03 
 
 Debra L. Smith 
 549,582 (4) 

Ashley N. Devoto 
 375,000 (5) 

Stephen H. Scott, Jr. 
 18,050,000
 (6) 
 11.71 
 
 Ret. General Robert C. Oaks 
 400,000
 (7) 

R. Scott Holbrook 
 400,000 (7) 

Andrew K. McCain 
 7,941,667 (8) 
 5.00 
 
 Kiki VanDeWeghe 
 183,333 (9) 

David A. Bennett 
 291,666 (10) 

Bryce Hancock 
 1,075,000 (11) 

Directors
 Executive Officers as a Group (9 persons) 
 97,890,947 (12) 
 60.75 

Notes: 

Less
 than 1 of the outstanding shares of common stock. 

(1) 
 Unless
 otherwise indicated, the address of record is c/o Cerberus Cyber Sentinel Corporation, 6900 E. Camelback Road, Suite 240, Scottsdale,
 Arizona 85251. 

(2) 
 Mr.
 Jemmett is the managing member of Jemmett Enterprises, LLC and has voting and dispositive power over such shares. 

(3) 
 Consists
 of (i) 66,435,000 shares held by Jemmett Enterprises, LLC, of which Mr. Jemmett is the managing member and has voting and dispositive
 power over such shares; (ii) 2,000,000 shares held by Xander LLC, of which Mr. Jemmett and his wife are the sole members and have
 voting and dispositive power over such shares; and (iii) 1,000,000 shares held by Dana Borgman Trust. 

(4) 
 Consists
 of 549,582 shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days after March 27, 2023. 

(5) 
 Consists
 of (i) 62,500 shares held directly by Ms. Devoto and (ii) 312,500 issuable upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days after
 March 27, 2023. 

(6) 
 Consists
 of (i) 12,800,000 shares held directly by Mr. Scott; (ii) 5,000,000 shares beneficially held by TVMT LLC; and (iii) 250,000 shares beneficially held by JLS 401k Trust. 

(7) 
 Consists
 of 400,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days after March 27, 2023. 

- 45 - 

(8) 
 Consists of (i) 375,000 shares held indirectly as executor of the Andrew and Lucy McCain Family Trust, for which Mr. McCain has voting and dispositive power; (ii) 3,000,000 shares held by Hensley Company, for which Mr. McCain has voting and dispositive power; (iii) 400,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days after March 27, 2023; and (iv) 4,166,667 shares issuable upon the conversion of a note payable held by Hensley Company. 

(9) 
 Consists of 183,333 shares issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days after March 27, 2023. 

(10) 
 Consists of 291,666 shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days after March 27, 2023. 

(11) 
 Consist of 1,075,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days after March 27, 2023. 

(12) 
 Includes 2,801,780 shares issuable upon the exercise of options
 exercisable within 60 days after March 27, 2023 and 4,166,667 shares issuable upon conversion of a note payable. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Existing Equity Compensation Plan 

The
following table summarizes certain information regarding our equity compensation plan as of December 31, 2022: 

Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding
 Options 
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding
 Options 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column
 (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 36,397,521 
 2.45 
 20,213,408 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 36,397,521 
 2.45 
 20,213,408 

(1) Consists
 of the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. The aggregate number of shares of common stock that may
 be issued pursuant to options granted under this Plan or Bonus Stock Awards under this Plan
 shall not exceed 60,000,000 shares. For a description of this plan, see Note 10 to our 2022
 consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
 ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Transactions
with Related Persons 

Except
as set out below, during the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no transactions, or currently proposed transactions, in which we
were or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets
at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any of the following persons had or will have a direct or indirect
material interest: 

any
 director or executive officer of our company; 
 
 any
 person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, shares carrying more than 5 of the
 voting rights attached to our outstanding shares of common stock; 
 
 any
 promoters and control persons; and 
 
 any
 member of the immediate family (including spouse, parents, children, siblings and in laws)
 of any of the foregoing persons. 

- 46 - 

Independent
Consulting Agreement with Stephen Scott 

In
August 2020, we entered into an Independent Consulting Agreement with Stephen Scott, a director of our company, with respect to advisory
and consulting services relating to our strategic and business development, and sales and marketing. Mr. Scott receives a consulting
fee of 11,500 per month for such services. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we paid consulting fees to Mr. Scott in
the amount of 138,000. 

Managed
Services Agreement with Hensley Beverage Company 

In
July 2021, we entered into a 1-year Managed Services Agreement with Hensley Beverage Company, an entity affiliated with Mr. McCain, a
director of our company, to provide secured managed services. We also may be engaged by Hensley Beverage Company from time to time to
provide other related services outside the scope of the Managed Services Agreement. While the agreement provides for a term through December
31, 2021, the agreement will continue until terminated by either party. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and, we received
 850,445 and 466,597, respectively from Hensley Beverage Company for contracted services and had an outstanding receivable balance of
 15,737 and 11,508 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Convertible
Note Payable with Hensley Beverage Company 

On
March 20, 2023, we entered into a Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Hensley Company dba Hensley
Beverage Company (the Purchaser ), an entity affiliated with Mr. McCain, a director of our company, pursuant to which
we issued and sold to the Purchaser a 5,000,000 10 Percent (10 Unsecured Convertible Note (the Note for gross
proceeds of 5,000,000 in a private placement exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the Securities Act ), and Regulation D promulgated thereunder (the Note Offering ). The Note,
together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon, is due on March 20, 2025 (the Maturity Date ). We may not prepay the
Note prior to the Maturity Date without the consent of the Purchaser. The Note will bear interest at a rate of 10 per annum (based
on a 360-day year), payable monthly. At any time prior to or on the Maturity Date and subject to certain beneficial ownership
limitations, the Purchaser may convert all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of the Note and all accrued and unpaid
interest thereon into shares (the Conversion Shares of our common stock, par value 0.00001 per share, at a conversion price of 1.20 per share (the Conversion Price ). The Conversion Price is adjustable in the event of
any stock split, reverse stock split, recapitalization, reorganization, or similar event. Upon the occurrence of an Event of
Default (as defined in the Note and including the failure to make required payments when due after specified grace periods,
certain breaches of the Purchase Agreement and certain specified insolvency events), the Purchaser would have the right to
accelerate payments due under the Note, which from and after such acceleration would bear interest at a default rate of 24 per
annum. 

Director
Independence 

See
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Director Independence and Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance Board Committees in Item 10 above. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Our
Audit Committee has appointed Semple, Marchal Cooper, LLP SMC as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ended December 31, 2022. The following table sets forth the fees billed to our company
for professional services rendered by SMC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Services 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees (1) 
 369,481 
 132,098 
 
 Audit-related fees (2) 
 104,663 
 3,440 
 
 Tax fees (3) 
 50,213 
 2,690 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 102,817 
 
 Total fees 
 524,357 
 241,045 

(1) Audit
 fees consisted of billing for professional services normally provided in connection with
 statutory and regulatory filings, including (i) fees associated with the audits of our financial
 statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and, (ii) fees associated with
 quarterly reviews for the quarters ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, June 30, 2022 and 2021,
 and September 30, 2022 and 2021. 

(2) Audit
 related fees consisted of billings for professional services for reviews of our periodic
 filings under form 10-K and 10-Q and acquisition audits for the years ended December 31,
 2022 and 2021. 

(3) Tax
 fees consisted primarily of tax related advisory and preparation services. 

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures 

The
charter of our Audit Committee provides that the authority and responsibilities of our Audit Committee include the pre-approval of all
audit and permitted non-audit and tax services that may be provided by our independent auditors or other registered public accounting
firms, and the establishment of policies and procedures for the Audit Committee s pre-approval of permitted services by our independent
auditors or other registered public accounting firms on an on-going basis. 

For
audit services, each year our independent auditor provides our Audit Committee with an engagement letter outlining the scope of the audit
services proposed to be performed during the year, which must be formally accepted by our Audit Committee before the audit commences
prior to engagement of an independent auditor for next year s audit, management will submit an aggregate of services expected to
be rendered during that year for each of three categories of services to our Audit Committee for approval. 

- 47 - 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as a part of the
 report: 

(1) 
 For a list of the financial statements included
 herein, see the index to the financial statements beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, incorporated into this
 Item by reference. 

(2) 
 Financial statement schedules have been omitted
 because they are either not required or not applicable or the information is included in the consolidated financial statements or
 the notes thereto. 

(b) 
 Exhibits. 

Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement for the Purchase and Sale of Limited Liability Company Interests of GenResults, LLC dated April 12, 2019 
 
 10-12G 
 
 10.1 
 
 10/2/2019 
 
 2.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among the Registrant, TalaTek, LLC, TalaTek Merger Sub and Baan Alsinawi dated September 23, 2019 
 
 10-12G 
 
 2.2 
 
 10/2/2019 
 
 2.3 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement by and among the Registrant, Technologyville, Inc. and Brian Yelm dated May 25, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/29/2020 
 
 2.4 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement among the Registrant, Clear Skies Security, LLC and all of its Members dated July 31, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/6/2020 
 
 2.5 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among the Registrant, Alpine Merger Sub, LLC, Alpine Security, LLC and Christian Espinosa dated December 16, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/21/2020 
 
 2.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among the Registrant, Catapult Acquisition Merger Sub, LLC, Catapult Acquisition Corporation, the shareholders of Catapult Acquisition Corporation and Darek Hahn dated July 26, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 08/02/2021 
 
 2.7 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement by and among the Registrant, Atlantic Technology Systems, Inc., Atlantic Technology Enterprises, Inc., and James Montagne and Miriam Montagne as sole shareholders, dated October 1, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 10/07/2021 
 
 2.8 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among the Registrant, RED74 Merger Sub, LLC, RED74 LLC, Ticato Holdings, Inc. and Tim Coleman dated October 8, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/15/2021 
 
 2.9 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement by and among the Registrant, Southford Equities, Inc., a British Virgin Islands based company and David Esteban Alfaro Medina, Roberto Andr s Arriagada Poblete and Camilo Orlando Garrido Briones dated December 1, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/06/2021 
 
 2.10 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement among the Registrant and certain shareholders of True Digital Security Inc. dated January 5, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 01/06/2022 
 
 2.11 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger among the Registrant and certain shareholders of True Digital Security Inc. dated January 5, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 01/06/2022 

- 48 - 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 
 
 10-Q 
 
 3.1 
 
 8/15/2022 
 
 3.2 
 
 By-laws of the Registrant 
 
 10-12G 
 
 3.5 
 
 10/2/2019 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate of the Registrant 
 
 10-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 3/30/2020 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act 

4.3 
 
 Form of Underwriter Warrant 
 
 S-1 
 
 4.3 
 
 12/14/2021 
 
 10.1 
 
 Stock Repurchase Agreement between the Registrant and Alan Kierman dated September 1, 2019 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.4 
 
 3/30/2020 
 
 10.2# 
 
 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.3 
 
 8/15/2022 
 
 10.3(a)# 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 04/15/2022 
 
 10.4# 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and David G. Jemmett dated September 30, 2019 
 
 10-12G 
 
 10.2 
 
 10/2/2019 
 
 10.5 
 
 Purchase Agreement and 5 Unsecured Convertible Note by the Registrant payable to Neil Stinchcombe dated October 27, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/02/2021 
 
 10.5(a) 
 
 Letter Agreement between the Registrant and Neil Stinchcombe dated March 27, 2023 

10.6# 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between Debra L. Smith and the Registrant dated December 31, 2020 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.10 
 
 04/15/2022 
 
 10.7# 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between David A. Bennett and the Registrant dated February 12, 2022 

10.8# 
 
 Employment
 Agreement by and between Ashley N. Devoto and the Registrant dated December 23, 2021 

10.9 
 
 Form of Lockup Agreement 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.14 
 
 01/07/2022 
 
 10.10 
 
 Purchase Agreement, dated March 20, 2023, by and between the Registrant and Hensley Company dba Hensley Beverage Company 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 03/20/2023 
 
 10.11 
 
 10 Unsecured Convertible Note by the Registrant payable to Hensley Company, dated March 20, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 03/20/2023 
 
 10.12 # 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between Kyle J. Young and the Registrant dated March 30, 2023 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Semple, Marchal Cooper LLP 

23.2 
 
 Consent of Baker Tilly Chile Ltda. 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
herewith. 

 Certain
exhibits, annexes, and/or schedules have been omitted from this filing pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. We agree to furnish
supplementally a copy of any omitted exhibit, annex, or schedule to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

 #
Management contracts and compensatory plans and arrangements. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not
applicable. 

- 49 - 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CERBERUS
CYBER SENTINEL CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/
 David G. Jemmett 

Name: 
 David
 G. Jemmett 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 March
 31, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By: 
 /s/
 David G. Jemmett 

Name: 
 David
 G. Jemmett 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 March
 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Debra L. Smith 

Name: 
 Debra
 L. Smith 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Date: 
 March
 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Ashley N. Devoto 

Name: 
 Ashley
 N. Devoto 

Title: 
 President
 , Chief Information Security Officer and Director 

Date: 
 March
 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Stephen H. Scott, Jr. 

Name: 
 Stephen
 H. Scott, Jr. 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: 
 March
 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Robert C. Oaks 

Name: 
 Ret.
 General Robert C. Oaks 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: 
 March
 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 R. Scott Holbrook 

Name: 
 R.
 Scott Holbrook 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: 
 March
 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Andrew K. McCain 

Name: 
 Andrew
 K. McCain 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: 
 March
 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Ernest M. (Kiki) VanDeWeghe, III 

Name: 
 Ernest
 M. (Kiki) VanDeWeghe, III 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: 
 March
 31, 2023 

- 50 - 

CERBERUS
CYBER SENTINEL CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID # 
 F-2 

CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Operations For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-9 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board
of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Cerberus
Cyber Sentinel Corporation and Subsidiaries 

 Scottsdale,
Arizona 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Cerberus Cyber Sentinel Corporation (the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended,
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, based on our
audits and the report of the other auditors, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its consolidated operations and its cash flows for the years
then ended , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We
did not audit the combined financial statements of the Company s wholly-owned South American Subsidiaries, which
include the consolidated balance sheets of Arkavia Networks SpA. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries Arkavia Networks Limitada and Arkavia
Networks, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash
flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from December 1, 2021 (Acquisition) to December 31, 2021; the combined
balance sheets of Servicios Informaticos CUATROi, S.P.A., Comercializadora CUATROi S.P.A., CUATROi Peru S.A.C., and CUATROi S.A.S. (entities
under common ownership and management) as of December 31, 2022 and the related combined statements of operations, stockholders 
equity, and cash flows for the period ended August 26, 2022 (Acquisition) to December 31, 2022; and the combined balance sheets of NLT
Networks, S.P.A., NLT Tecnologias, Limitada, NLT Servicios Profesionales, S.P.A. and White and Blue Solutions, LLC (entities under common
ownership and management) as of December 31, 2022 and the related combined statements of operations, stockholders equity, and
cash flows for the period ended September 1, 2022 (Acquisition) to December 31, 2022; and the related notes (collectively combined
financial statements ). The combined financial statements of the South American Subsidiaries reflect total assets of 39.5 million
and 12.1 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and total revenues of 10.0 and 1.3 million for the periods then ended.
Those statements were audited by another auditor whose report has been furnished to us, and our opinion, insofar as it relates to the
amounts included for the South American Subsidiaries, is based solely on the report of the other auditors. 

Going
Concern Uncertainty 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations, negative cash flows from
operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

Certified
Public Accountants 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

March
31, 2023 

F- 2 

REPORT
 OF THE INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 

Board
of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Cerberus
Cyber Sentinel Corporation and Subsidiaries Scottsdale, Arizona 

 1/2 

Report
on the financial statements 

We
have audited the consolidated balance sheets of Arkavia Networks SpA. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries Arkavia Networks Limitada and
Arkavia Networks (collectively Arkavia ), as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from December 1, 2021 (Acquisition)
to December 31, 2021; the combined balance sheets of Servicios Informaticos CUATROi, S.P.A., Comercializadora CUATROi S.P.A., CUATROi
Peru S.A.C., and CUATROi S.A.S. (entities under common ownership and management, collectively CUATROi as of December 31,
2022 and the related combined statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the period ended August 26, 2022
(Acquisition) to December 31, 2022; and the combined balance sheets of NLT Networks, S.P.A., NLT Tecnologias, Limitada, NLT Servicios
Profesionales, S.P.A. and White and Blue Solutions, LLC (entities under common ownership and management, collectively NLT as of December 31, 2022 and the related combined statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the period
ended September 1, 2022 (Acquisition) to December 31, 2022; and the related notes (collectively combined financial statements (Arkavia, together with CUATROi and NLT, the Company ). In our opinion, such combined financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects the combined financial position as December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its combined operations and
its cash flows for the periods then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
combined financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the combined financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company with respect to
the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the combined financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

F- 3 

Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
 Cerberus
Cyber Sentinel Corporation and Subsidiaries Scottsdale, Arizona 
 2/2 

Our
audits include performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the combined financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used
and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the combined financial statements. We
believe that our audits and the report of other auditors provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

BAKER
 TILLY CHILE LTDA. 

, March 31, 2023 

We
have served as auditors since 2021. 

Baker
Tilly Chile Auditores Consultores Ltda., trading as Baker Tilly Chile is a member of the global network of Baker Tilly International
Ltd., the members of which are separate and independent legal entities. 

F- 4 

CERBERUS
CYBER SENTINEL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Notes receivable, related party 
 - 

Inventory 

Prepaid cost of revenue 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Contract asset 
 
 - 
 
 Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right of use asset, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Other assets 
 
 - 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Settlement liability 
 - 

Lease liability 

Loans payable 

Convertible notes payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long-term Liabilities: 

Loans payable, net of current portion 

Lease liability, net of current portion 

Deferred tax liability 
 
 - 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders Equity: 

Common stock, 
 par value; 
 shares authorized; 
 and 
 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated translation adjustment 
 
 - 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

CERBERUS
CYBER SENTINEL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Revenue: 

Security managed services 

Professional services 

Total revenue 

Cost of revenue: 

Security managed services 

Professional services 

Cost of payroll 

Stock based compensation 

Total cost of revenue 

Total gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Professional fees 

Advertising and marketing 

Selling, general and administrative 

Stock based compensation 

Impairment of goodwill 
 - 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Other income 

Interest expense, net 

PPP loan forgiveness 
 - 

Total other income (expense) 

Loss before income taxes 

Benefit from income taxes 
 
 - 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 
 - 

Comprehensive loss 

Net loss per common share - basic and diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic 

Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

CERBERUS
CYBER SENTINEL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Accumulated 

Additional 
 Other 

Common Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Gain/(Loss) 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance at January 1, 2022 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock based compensation - stock options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock based compensation - common stock 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock issued for cash 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Exercise of options 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock issued for cash in public offering 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock issued for True Digital acquisition 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock issued for VelocIT acquisition 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stock issued for Red74 acquisition 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stock issued for Creatrix acquisition 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock issued for CyberViking acquisition 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock issued for CUATROi acquisition 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock issued for NLT acquisition 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

- 
 - 

Balance at January 1, 2021 

- 

- 

Stock based compensation - stock options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock based compensation - common stock 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Exercise of options 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock issued for conversion of convertible debt 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock issued for cash 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock issued for VelocIT acquisition 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock issued for Atlantic acquisition 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock issued for Red74 acquisition 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock issued for Arkavia acquisition 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock issued for settlement agreement 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Replacement options issued in VelocIT acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

CERBERUS
CYBER SENTINEL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating
 activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net
 loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock
 based compensation - stock options 

Stock
 based compensation - common stock 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Right
 of use amortization 

Non-cash
 interest expense 

Forgiveness
 of PPP Loan 
 - 

Settlement
 liability 
 - 

Other 

Impairment of goodwill 
 - 

Changes in operating assets
 and liabilities: 

Accounts
 receivable, net 

Inventory 

Contract
 assets 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaids
 and other current assets 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Lease
 liability 

Settlement
 liability 

Deferred
 revenue 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing
 activities: 

Purchases
 of property and equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Cash
 (paid)/acquired in acquisitions, net 

Net
 cash (used in)/provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing
 activities: 

Proceeds
 from sale of common stock 

Proceeds
 from stock option exercise 

Proceeds
 from loan payable 

Proceeds
 from notes payable, related party 
 - 

Proceeds
 from convertible note payable 

Proceeds
 from line of credit 

Payment
 on line of credit 

Payment
 on loans payable 

Payment
 on notes payable, related party 
 - 

Payment
 of debt issuance cost 
 
 - 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rates on
 cash and cash equivalents 
 
 - 

Net increase in cash and cash
 equivalents 

Cash
 and cash equivalents - beginning of the period 

Cash
 and cash equivalents - end of the period 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 

Income
 taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non-cash investing and financing
 activities: 

Right
 of use asset and lease liability recorded upon adoption of ASC 842 

Forgiveness
 of PPP Loan 
 - 

Common
 stock issued in VelocIT acquisition 
 - 

Common
 stock issued in Atlantic acquisition 
 - 

Common
 stock issued in RED 74 acquisition 
 - 

Common
 stock issued in Arkavia acquisition 
 - 

Options issued for VelocIT acquisition 
 - 

Common
 stock issued in True Digital acquisition 
 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock issued in Creatrix acquisition 
 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock issued in CyberViking acquisition 
 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock issued in CUATROi acquisition 
 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock issued in NLT Secure acquisition 
 
 - 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

CERBERUS
CYBER SENTINEL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

,
had negative cash flows from operations of , and working capital deficit of . These matters raise substantial doubt
as to our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our existence is dependent upon our ability to develop profitable operations.
We are devoting substantially all of our efforts to developing our business, reducing overhead costs, and raising capital, although there
can be no assurance that the our efforts will be successful. No assurance can be given that our actions will result in profitable operations
or the resolution of liquidity problems. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

In
order to improve our liquidity, in addition to a planned reduction in overhead costs, we are actively pursuing additional debt and/or equity financing through discussions with investment bankers and private investors. There
can be no assurance that we will be successful in our efforts to secure additional financing. 

The
financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability of assets and the amount or classification of liabilities
that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Performance
Obligations 

Our
contract transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance
obligation is satisfied. We have determined the performance obligations for the following services: 

Compliance :
We have determined that services provided under compliance contains a single performance obligation. We recognize revenue as earned based
on time and material. 

Secured
Managed Services : We consider these services to be one performance obligation, although they may include various parts (e.g., support
desk, vulnerability identification and patching, firewall management, etc. (referred to generally as the parts )). These
parts are not viewed as being distinct, but rather a collection of interrelated parts that are combined to fill a functional need over
a period of time (managed IT service). As such, the parts are not viewed as distinct as the parts are not separable in the contract.
We bill the client on a monthly basis under the annual contract, and revenue is recognized as earned ratably over the contract term. 

SOC
Managed Services : We have determined that SOC managed services is viewed by our company as one performance obligation, although it
may include various parts (e.g., architecture, design, security, etc. (referred to generally as the parts )). This position
is based on the fact that these various parts are not viewed as being distinct. Revenue is recognized as earned ratably over the contract
term. 

vCISO :
We have determined that vCISO managed services is viewed by our company as one performance obligation, although it may include various
parts (e.g., strategy, advisory, and oversight (referred to generally as the parts )). This position is based on the fact
that these various parts are not viewed as being distinct. Revenue is recognized as earned based on time and materials. 

Professional
Services 

We
have four distinct revenue streams under professional services: technical assessments, incident response and forensics, training, and
other cybersecurity services. We derive revenue from technical assessments by utilizing the same tools and techniques a malicious cybercriminal
would use to try to gain unauthorized access to highly guarded corporate systems and data to evaluate technical controls and quantify
business risks in a meaningful way. We derive revenue from incident response and forensics by providing our customers with certified
experts experienced in locating and neutralizing threat actors who have breached their environments. Our team is able to identify and
contain a cyberattack quickly, implement patches or configuration changes to prevent re-infection, perform forensic analysis to determine
root cause, and provide a plan of attack for improvements that will prevent a similar attack from succeeding in the future. We derive
revenue from training by offering cybersecurity awareness training required under most compliance frameworks, and recommended as a best
practice under National Institute of Standards and Technology standards, to help reduce the risk of a successful cyber-attack. We derive
revenue from other cybersecurity services for hardware and software for customers IT infrastructure along with occasional staffing services. 

Performance
Obligations 

Our
contract transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance
obligation is satisfied. We have determined the performance obligations for the following services: 

Technical
Assessments : We have determined that a technical assessment is viewed by our company as one performance obligation. Revenue is recognized
at a point in time when the result of the assessment is turned over to the customer. 

Incident
Response and Forensics : We consider these services to be one performance obligation, although they may include various parts (e.g.,
determine the source, cause, and prevention of recurrence etc. (referred to generally as the parts )). These parts are not
viewed as being distinct. We recognize revenue as earned based on time and material. 

Training :
We have determined that services provided under compliance contains a single performance obligation. We recognize revenue as earned based
on time and material. 

Other
Cybersecurity Services : We have determined that services provided under other cyber security is comprised of hardware and software
sales and contains a single performance obligation. We recognize revenue upon delivery of equipment to the client. The staffing services
offered contains a single performance obligation based on time and materials and revenue is recognized as invoices are approved and generated. 

and , respectively. 

and for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are recorded in operating expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. 

Warrant 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible debt 

Total 

years. 

Right-of-use ROU assets include any prepaid lease payments and exclude any lease incentives and initial direct costs incurred. Lease
expense for minimum lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The lease terms may include options to
extend or terminate the lease if it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. 

In
accordance with ASC 842, Leases , we recognized a ROU asset and corresponding lease liability on our consolidated balance sheet
for long-term office leases and a vehicle operating lease agreement. See Note 14 Leases for further discussion, including the
impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

shares of common stock, subject to a holdback of shares of our common stock. In addition, we issued
replacement options to various VelocIT employees to purchase an aggregate of shares of our common stock with
a fair value of which was included in the purchase price of the transaction. The transaction closed on August 12, 2021. 

Tangible assets acquired: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Property and equipment 

IT assets 

Total tangible assets 

Intangible assets acquired: 

Tradename - trademarks 

Intellectual property 

Non-competes 

Total intangible assets 

Assumed liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Loans payable 

SBA loan payoff 

Total assumed liabilities 

Net liabilities acquired 

Goodwill a 

(a) 

Atlantic
Technology Systems, Inc. Acquisition 

On
October 1, 2021, we entered into a stock purchase agreement with ATS, ATE, James Montagne as the sole shareholder of ATS, and James Montagne
and Miriam Montagne, as the sole shareholders of ATE (the Shareholders ). Pursuant to the agreement, we purchased from the
Shareholders all of the outstanding shares of ATE and ATS. The aggregate purchase price for the shares was shares of our common
stock and in cash. Furthermore, the Shareholders shall receive an additional shares of our common stock based upon Atlantic
achieving certain revenue and earnings thresholds and an additional in cash upon our listing to a national exchange. At December
31, 2021, we noted that Atlantic would not achieve the certain revenue and earnings threshold for additional compensation and,
therefore, was not included in the transaction price. 

Tangible assets acquired: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Inventory 

Property and equipment 

Total tangible assets 

Intangible assets acquired: 

Tradename - trademarks 

Intellectual property 

Non-competes 

Total intangible assets 

Assumed liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Total assumed liabilities 

Net assets acquired 

Goodwill a 

(a) 

RED74
LLC Acquisition 

On
October 8, 2021, we entered into a merger agreement with RED74 and Ticato Holdings, Inc., a New Jersey corporation Ticato ),
and Tim Coleman, as sole shareholder of Ticato. Tim Coleman and Ticato were the sole shareholders of RED74. Pursuant to the agreement,
the merger became effective at such time as a certificate of merger was accepted by the Secretary of State of New Jersey, or November
9, 2021 (the Effective Time ). All shares of RED74 issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time were converted
into the right to receive an aggregate of shares of our common stock and in cash.. 

RED74
provides secured managed services and key IT security management expertise to small-to-mid-market businesses in New Jersey. RED74 focuses
primarily on clients within two industry verticals: financial services and distribution/warehouse management. RED74 offers strategic
solutions that address the specific needs of these smaller enterprises made possible by their experienced and personable staff and industry-leading
technology processes. Its experienced staff members are well-versed in either partial or total secured managed solutions for businesses.
RED74 has a single office location in Pennington, New Jersey and supports clients in New Jersey, Manhattan, and Eastern Pennsylvania. 

Tangible assets acquired: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Other assets 

Property and equipment 

Total tangible assets 

Intangible assets acquired: 

Tradename - trademarks 

Intellectual property 

Customer base 

Non-competes 

Total intangible assets 

Assumed liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Total assumed liabilities 

Net assets acquired 

Goodwill a 

(a) 

Ocean
Point Equities, Inc. (Arkavia) Acquisition 

On
December 1, 2021, we entered into a stock purchase agreement with Arkavia and all of the owners of Arkavia, pursuant to which we acquired
all of the issued and outstanding equity securities of Arkavia (the Arkavia Acquisition ). Under the terms of the Arkavia
Acquisition, all of the issued and outstanding equity securities of Arkavia were exchanged for an aggregate of shares of our
common stock. 

Arkavia,
a cybersecurity services company headquartered in Santiago, Chile, is oriented to solve problems with the best technological alternatives
and their recognized IT Engineering services. Founded in 2010, Arkavia provides consulting, delivery, managed security service provider,
and network monitoring services to a diversified client base throughout South America. With years of experience backed by multiple certifications
of its specialists, Arkavia s customers include multiple leading brands in the market in each important business segment. 

Tangible assets acquired: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaids 

Other receivables 

Property and equipment 

Total tangible assets 

Intangible assets acquired: 

Tradename - trademarks 

Intellectual property 

Customer base 

Non-competes 

Total intangible assets 

Assumed liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Other 

Long-term debt 

Total assumed liabilities 

Net assets acquired 

Goodwill a 

(a) 

2022
Acquisitions 

True
Digital Security, Inc. Acquisition 

On
January 5, 2022, we entered into the True Digital Stock Purchase Agreement with certain stockholders of True Digital and the True Digital
Merger Agreement with True Digital and certain of its other stockholders. On January 19, 2022, the transactions contemplated by the True
Digital Stock Purchase Agreement and the True Digital Merger Agreement were consummated, with True Digital becoming a wholly owned subsidiary
of our company (the True Digital Acquisition ). True Digital s outstanding common stock was exchanged for 
in cash and shares of our common stock. 

Tangible assets acquired: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Contract assets 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Property and equipment 

Other assets 

Total tangible assets 

Intangible assets acquired: 

Tradename - trademarks 

Intellectual property 

Non-competes 

Total intangible assets 

Assumed liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Line of credit 

Loans payable 

Loans payable - shareholder 

Total assumed liabilities 

Net assets acquired 

Goodwill a 

(a) 

Creatrix,
Inc. Acquisition 

On
June 1, 2022, we entered into a stock purchase agreement with the stockholders of Creatrix, pursuant to which Creatrix became our wholly
owned subsidiary. We anticipate that this will expand our professional services offerings and capabilities. Creatrix offers recognized
expertise in identity management as wells as systems integration and software engineering and specializes in biometrics, vetting, credentialing,
and case management. 

Tangible assets acquired: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Contract assets 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total tangible assets 

Assumed liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Loans payable 

Total assumed liabilities 

Net assets acquired 

Goodwill a 

(a) 
 Goodwill 

CyberViking,
LLC Acquisition 

On
July 1, 2022, we entered into a stock purchase agreement with the interest holders of CyberViking and its interest holders, pursuant
to which we acquired all of the issued and outstanding units of CyberViking, with CyberViking becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of our
company. We anticipate that this will expand our professional services offerings and capabilities. CyberViking specializes in application
security services, incident response, and threat hunting as well as the creation and management of security operation centers. 

We
did not acquire assets nor assume liabilities in our purchase of CyberViking, as a result the of consideration paid is recognized
as goodwill. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. 

CUATROi
Acquisition 

On
August 25, 2022, we entered into a stock purchase agreement with CUATROi and its partners, pursuant to which CUATROi became our wholly
owned subsidiary. We anticipate that this will expand our professional services offerings and capabilities. CUATROi is a cloud, managed
services provider and cybersecurity company with offices in South America. 

The
aggregate purchase price was allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated
fair values as of the acquisition date, with the excess recorded to goodwill. During the measurement period, which will not exceed one
year from closing, we will continue to obtain information to assist us in finalizing the acquisition date fair values. Any qualifying
changes to our preliminary estimates will be recorded as adjustments to the respective assets and liabilities, with any residual amounts
allocated to goodwill. 

Tangible assets acquired: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Property and equipment 

Total tangible assets 

Intangible assets acquired: 

Customer base 

Total intangible assets 

Assumed liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Loans payable 

Total assumed liabilities 

Net assets acquired 

Goodwill a 

(a) 

NLT
Secure Acquisition 

On
September 1, 2022, we entered into a stock purchase agreement with NLT Secure and its interest holders, pursuant to which we acquired
all of the issued and outstanding units of NLT Secure becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of our company. We anticipate that this will
expand our professional services offerings and capabilities. NLT Secure provides a broad range of security solutions and managed services
to organizations throughout South America. 

The
aggregate purchase price was allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimate
fair values as of the acquisition date, with the excess recorded to goodwill. During the measurement period, which will not exceed one
year from closing, we will continue to obtain information to assist us in finalizing the acquisition date fair values. Any qualifying
changes to our preliminary estimates will be recorded as adjustments to the respective assets and liabilities, with any residual amounts
allocated to goodwill. 

Tangible assets acquired: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Property and equipment 

Total tangible assets 

Assumed liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Loans payable 

Total assumed liabilities 

Net liabilities assumed 

Goodwill a 

(a) 

Pro
forma financial information is not presented because the acquisitions were not material to our financial statements, individually or
in the aggregate. 

Prepaid taxes 

Prepaid insurance 

Deferred interest 
 - 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Building 

Leasehold improvements 

Vehicle 

Furniture and fixtures 

Software 

Property and equipment
 gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Total
depreciation expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

. There was no impairment recognized
as of and during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Acquisition of goodwill 

Impairment 

Reclassification based on valuation report (1) 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Acquisition of goodwill 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Other 
 444,116 
 
 Ending balance, December 31, 2022 

(1) 

Customer base 

Non-compete agreements 

Intellectual property/technology 

Intangible Asset 

Gross Carrying Amount 
 Accumulated Amortization 
 Net Carrying Amount 

December 31, 2021 

Gross Carrying Amount 
 Accumulated Amortization 
 Net Carrying Amount 
 
 Tradenames trademarks 
 
 - 

Customer base 

Non-compete agreements 

Intellectual property/technology 

Intangible Asset 

During
the third quarter of 2022, as the result of rebranding and expected future marketing of our products and services, we made the decision
to phase out certain indefinite-lived tradenames from acquired subsidiaries. We believe the phase-out and integration of the rebranding
and marketing will be completed no later than June 30, 2024, and expect to recognize of amortization expense from tradenames
previously held as indefinite-lived. 

Amortization
expense of identifiable intangible assets was and , for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
As of December 31, 2022, the weighted-average remaining amortization period for intangible assets was years. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Future
 Amortization Expense 

Accrued payroll 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued commissions 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued interest 

Total accounts payable and accrued expenses 

per month for such services. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we paid consulting fees to Mr. Scott in
the amount of each year. 

Convertible
Note Payable Related Party 

On
December 23, 2020, we issued an unsecured convertible note to Hensley Company in the principal amount of bearing an
interest rate at per annum payable at maturity with a maturity date of , with a conversion price of per share.
On December 31, 2021, Hensley Company converted the principal amount of for shares of our common stock
at a conversion price of per share. 

Managed
Services Agreement with Hensley Beverage Company Related Party 

In
July 2021, we entered into a 1-year Managed Services Agreement with Hensley Beverage Company to provide secured managed services. We
also may be engaged by Hensley Beverage Company from time to time to provide other related services outside the scope of the Managed
Services Agreement. While the agreement provides for a term through December 31, 2021, the agreement will continue until terminated by
either party. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we received and , respectively from Hensley Beverage Company
for contracted services and had an outstanding receivable balance of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Note
Receivable Related Party 

Arkavia
provided cash infusions to a related party to fund a wholly owned subsidiary in Peru for start-up and operational costs. The subsidiary
is incorporated and as such, the assets, liabilities and operation results are included in the condensed consolidated financial statements.
At December 31, 2022, amount remains outstanding. 

shares of common stock and 
shares of undesignated preferred stock, each having a par value of per share. Shares of common stock have both economic and
voting rights. 

Equity
Transactions 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we issued an aggregate of and shares of common stock to investors for
cash proceeds of and , respectively. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we issued an aggregate of and shares of common stock, respectively, to consultants
and vendors for services rendered. 

On
December 31, 2021, we issued shares of common stock pursuant to the conversion of a convertible note with Hensley Company. 

On
January 18, 2022, we issued a warrant to the underwriter of our Form S-1 to purchase an aggregate shares of our common stock.
The warrant is exercisable for a period of from the date of issuance at an exercise price of per share. 

- 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired or cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

- 

shares. As of December 31, 2022, there
were shares of common stock available for issue as future awards under the 2019 Plan. 

Options 

We
granted options for the purchase of and shares of common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

- 

- 

Contractual term (years) 

Expected volatility 
 
 - 

- 

Expected dividend yield 
 
 - 

- 

- 
 - 
 
 Granted 

- 
 - 
 
 Exercised 

- 
 - 
 
 Expired or cancelled 

- 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

- 
 - 
 
 Granted 

- 
 - 
 
 Exercised 

- 
 - 
 
 Expired or cancelled 

- 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

The
aggregate intrinsic value for stock options outstanding and exercisable is defined as the positive difference between the fair market
value of our common stock and the exercise price of the stock options. 

Total
compensation expense related to the options was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
As of December 31, 2022, there was future compensation expense of with a weighted average recognition period of years
related to the options. 

on the statement of operations and issued shares of our common stock to Maxim pursuant to the settlement.
The settlement liability was paid in January 2022. 

Legal
Claims 

There
are no material pending legal proceedings in which we or any of our subsidiaries is a party or in which any of our directors, officers
or affiliates, any owner of record or beneficially of more than of any class of our voting securities, or security holder is a party
adverse to us or has a material interest adverse to us. 

Indirect
Taxes 

We
are subject to indirect taxation in some, but not all, of the various states and foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct business.
Laws and regulations attempting to subject commerce conducted over the Internet to various indirect taxes are becoming more prevalent,
both in the United States and internationally, and may impose additional burdens on us in the future. Increased regulation could negatively
affect our business directly, as well as the business of our customers. Taxing authorities may impose indirect taxes on the Internet-related
revenue we generated based on regulations currently being applied to similar, but not directly comparable industries. There are many
transactions and calculations where the ultimate indirect tax determination is uncertain. In addition, domestic and international indirect
taxation laws are complex and subject to change. We may be audited in the future, which could result in changes to our indirect tax estimates.
We continually evaluate those jurisdictions in which nexus exists, and believe we maintain adequate indirect tax accruals. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our accrual for estimated indirect tax liabilities was and , respectively, reflecting
our best estimate of the potential liability based on an analysis of our business activities, revenues subject to indirect taxes, and
applicable regulations. Although we believe our indirect tax estimates and associated liabilities are reasonable, the final determination
of indirect tax audits, litigation, or settlements could be materially different than the amounts established for indirect tax contingencies. 

- 

Term
 loans (Chilean peso denominated) 

- 

- 

Less
 current portion 

() 

() 
 
 Long
 term loans payable 

Bridge
Loan 

We
entered into a bridge loan with Bell Bank (the Bell Bank Note ), secured by substantially all of our assets, in the principal
amount of 
 bearing an interest rate of 
per annum payable monthly with a maturity date of . The bridge loans are guaranteed by
our assets. In December 2022, we extend the maturity of the bridge loan to March 14, 2023. The applicable interest rate on the loan extension
is ,
the prime rate at the time of the extension. We recorded interest expense of 
for the year-ended December 31, 2022, and had accrued interest of 
 as of December 31, 2022. The effective interest
of this loan was . 

Term
Loans 

Various
subsidiaries in the United States are borrowers under certain term loans. These term loans require monthly principal and interest payments.
The term loans are secured by various assets owned by our subsidiaries. We recorded aggregate interest expense of these term loans of
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accrued interest for the loans was and zero 
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The aggregate effective interest rate of the terms loans was . 

Our
Latin America subsidiaries are the borrowers under certain term loans denominated in Chilean Pesos. These term loans require monthly
principal and interest payments. The loans are secured by various assets owned by our subsidiaries. We recorded aggregate interest expense
on these term loans of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accrued interest for the loans
was zero as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The aggregate effective interest rate of these term loans was . 

Convertible
Notes Payable 

On
December 23, 2020, we issued to Hensley Company an unsecured convertible note payable in the principal amount of . The
convertible note bore interest at per annum, with an effective interest rate of per annum, payable at maturity with a maturity
date of . Amounts due under the note were convertible into shares of our common stock at any time at the option of the
Holder, at a conversion price of per share. The issuance of the note resulted in a discount from the beneficial conversion feature
totaling . Interest expense on the note was zero and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

On
December 31, 2021, Hensley Company converted the principal amount of for shares of our common stock. 

On
October 27, 2021, we issued to Neil Stinchcombe, a convertible note in the principal amount of bearing an interest rate of
 per annum payable at maturity with a maturity date of , with a conversion price of per share. On March 10,
2022, we entered into Amendment #1 to the note pursuant to which the maturity date was extended to . On March 27, 2023,
we entered into a letter agreement with Neil Stinchcombe to resolve certain payment terms of his convertible note. We agreed to repay the principal amount
of the note in three equal installment payments of 500,000 on each of March 31, April 28 and May 31, 2023, with accrued interest to be
paid on May 31, 2023 at the note s reflected interest rate of 5.00 per annum. If we fail to make any of the foregoing payments,
the applicable interest rate will be increased to a default rate of 24.00 per annum.
The outstanding principal of this note was at December 31, 2022 and 2021. We recorded interest expense of and 
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded accrued interest of 
and , respectively, with respect to this note. 

In
June 2022, we issued an unsecured convertible note payable in the principal amount of and if repaid in cash, is payable at
105 of the principal amount. The convertible note bears interest at per annum, with an effective interest rate of per annum,
payable at maturity with a maturity date in June 2023. Amounts due under the note could be converted into shares of our common stock
at any time at the option of the Holder, at a conversion price of per share. We recorded interest expense on the note of 
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and accrued interest as of December 31, 2022 was . 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total future minimum payments 

Less: current 

Long
 term debt, net of current portion 

and , respectively.
We elected to not recognize ROU assets and lease liabilities arising from short-term office leases, leases with initial terms of twelve
months or less (deemed immaterial) on the consolidated balance sheets. 

When
measuring lease liabilities for leases that were classified as operating leases, we discounted lease payments using its estimated incremental
borrowing rate. The incremental borrowing rate applied was . As of December 31, 2022, our leases had a remaining weighted average
term of years. 

Short term lease cost 

Net lease cost 

Operating lease operating cash flows (fixed payments) 

Operating lease operating cash flows (liability reduction) 

Non-current leases right of use assets 

Current liabilities operating lease liabilities 

Non-current liabilities operating lease liabilities 

2024 

2025 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Amount representing interest 

Present value of net future minimum lease payments 

- 
 
 State 
 
 - 
 
 Total current income taxes 
 
 - 

Deferred 

Federal 
 
 - 
 
 Foreign 
 
 - 
 
 State 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred income taxes 
 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 

State income taxes, net of federal tax effect 

Effect of rates different than statutory 
 
 - 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Return to provision adjustments 
 
 - 
 
 Other, net 
 
 - 
 
 Effective tax rate 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Stock-based compensation 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Right of use assets 
 
 - 
 
 Goodwill impairment 
 - 

Other 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred income taxes 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization 
 - 

Lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax liabilities 
 
 - 

Net deferred tax liability by jurisdiction 

Domestic 
 - 
 - 
 
 Chile 
 
 - 
 
 Peru 
 - 
 - 
 
 Colombia 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 
 - 

We
account for deferred taxes under ASC 740, Income Taxes, which requires a reduction of the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by
a valuation allowance if, based on available evidence, it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. Accordingly,
the need to establish valuation allowances for deferred tax assets is assessed periodically based on the ASC 740 more-likely-than-not
realization threshold criterion. This assessment considers matters such as future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences,
projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, legislative developments, and results of recent operations. The evaluation
of the recoverability of the deferred tax assets requires that we weigh all positive and negative evidence to reach a conclusion that
it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The weight given to the evidence
is commensurate with the extent to which it can be objectively verified. 

We
have provided a valuation allowance for our net deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, due to the uncertainty surrounding
the future realization of such assets and the cumulative losses we have generated. Therefore, no benefit has been recognized in the financial
statements for the net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively, the valuation allowance decreased by and increased by , respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had approximately of consolidated federal net operating loss carryforwards and of apportioned
state net operating loss carryforwards available to offset future taxable income, respectively. If unused, the federal and state net
operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2032. Additionally, we had of Chile net operating loss carryforwards
and of Peru net operating loss carryforwards. An indefinite carryforward of losses is allowed in Chile. The net operating loss
carryforward in Peru will begin to expire in 2026. 

Utilization
of net operating loss carryforwards and credits may be subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the ownership change
limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (IRC), and similar state provisions. We have not performed a
detailed analysis to determine whether an ownership change under Section 382 of the IRC has occurred or will occur. We will perform
an analysis as soon as is practicable to determine the extent of limitations, especially in regard to our subsidiaries. It is
possible that additional limitations may arise in future years, even after an analysis is completed, due to future changes in the
ownership of our Company. 

We
file federal and state income tax returns in jurisdictions with varying statutes of limitations. With few exceptions, we are no longer
subject to federal or state income tax examinations by tax authorities for tax years prior to 2019 and 2018, respectively. We believe
our income tax filing positions and deductions are more likely than not to be sustained on audit. Therefore, no liabilities for uncertain
tax positions have been recorded. 

As
of the date of this filing, we have not filed our 2022 federal and state income tax returns. We expect to file these documents as soon
as practicable. 

Revenue 

No
single customer represented over of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

One
client accounted for of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Chile 

All other countries 
 
 - 
 
 Revenue 

No
other international country represented more than 10 of revenue in any period presented. 

Chile 

All
 other countries 

- 

Property and equipment
 net 

No
other international country represented more than 10 of property and equipment, net in any period presented. 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

to per annum. 

On
March 15, 2023, we entered into a Cash Advance Agreement Cash Advance Agreement with Cedar Advance, LLC, pursuant to
which we received gross proceeds of and paid in upfront fees. 

We
intend to use the proceeds from the Cash Advance Agreement for general corporate purposes, which may include working capital, capital
expenditures, and repayment of debt. 

On
March 20, 2023, we entered into a Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Hensley Company dba Hensley
Beverage Company (the Purchaser ), a related party, pursuant to which we issued and sold to the Purchaser a 
10 Percent (10 Unsecured Convertible Note (the Note for gross proceeds of 
in a private placement exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
 Securities Act ), and Regulation D promulgated thereunder (the Note Offering ). The Note, together with
accrued and unpaid interest thereon, is due on (the Maturity Date ). We may not prepay the Note prior to the Maturity Date without the consent of the
Purchaser. The Note will bear interest at a rate of 
per annum (based on a 360-day year), payable monthly. At any time prior to or on the Maturity Date and subject to certain beneficial
ownership limitations, the Purchaser may convert all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of the Note and all accrued
and unpaid interest thereon into shares of our common stock, par value 
per share, at a conversion price of 
per share (the Conversion Price ). The Conversion Price is adjustable in the event of any stock split, reverse stock
split, recapitalization, reorganization, or similar event. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in
the Note and including the failure to make required payments when due after specified grace periods, certain breaches of the
Purchase Agreement and certain specified insolvency events), the Purchaser would have the right to accelerate payments due under the
Note, which from and after such acceleration would bear interest at a default rate of 
per annum. 

We
used the proceeds from the Note Offering and our existing cash resources to repay in full the 
4 promissory note issued and sold to Bell Bank in June 2022, plus 
of accrued and unpaid interest. 

On March 27, 2023, we entered into a letter agreement with Neil Stinchcombe to resolve a dispute about certain payment terms of a convertible
note previously issued to Mr. Stinchcombe, with an outstanding principal amount of . Pursuant to the terms of this agreement,
we agreed to repay the principal amount of the note in three equal installment payments of , on each of March 31, April 28 and
May 31, 2023, with accrued interest to be paid on May 31, 2023 at the note s reflected interest rate of per annum. If we fail
to timely make any of the foregoing payments, the applicable interest rate will be increased to a default rate of per annum. 

On March 29, 2023, we received
a letter from the listing qualifications staff of Nasdaq providing notification that the bid price for our common stock had closed below
 per share for the previous 30 consecutive business days and our common stock no longer met the minimum bid price requirement for
continued listing under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we have an initial period
of 180 calendar days to regain compliance. To regain compliance, the closing bid price of our common stock has to be per share or
more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days at any time before the expiration of the initial compliance period. In the event that
we are unable to regain compliance with Rule 5550(a)(2) during the initial compliance period, Nasdaq rules provide that we may be eligible
for an additional 180 calendar day compliance period. To qualify, we need to meet the continued listing requirement for market value of
publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards for the Nasdaq Capital Market, with the exception of the minimum bid price
requirement, and to provide written notice of our intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period, by effecting a
reverse stock split, if necessary. 

F- 32 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 ex4-2.htm

EXHIBIT
4.2 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES REGISTERED UNDER SECTION 12 OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 

The
following description of the common stock, par value 0.00001 per share (the Common Stock of Cerberus Cyber Sentinel Corporation us, our, we, or our company ), which is the only security of our company registered
under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is intended as a summary only and
does not purport to be complete. This description is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, reference to our Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ), our By-laws (the By-laws ), and the applicable
provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), each as amended from time to time. You should read the Certificate
of Incorporation and the By-laws which are incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.1 and Exhibit 3.2, respectively, to the Annual Report
on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.2 is a part. 

Authorized
Capital Stock 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of 300,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.00001
per share (the Preferred Stock ). 

Common
Stock 

Voting
Rights. Holders of our Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders
and do not have cumulative voting rights. Holders of our common stock, voting as a single class, are entitled to elect all of the directors
of our company. Matters submitted for stockholder approval generally require a majority vote. 

Dividends .
Holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive proportionately any dividends as may be declared by our Board of Directors, subject to
any preferential dividend rights of any series of outstanding Preferred Stock. 

Liquidation
and Dissolution . Subject to the DGCL and the rights, if any, of the holders of one or more series of Preferred Stock created and
issued by our Board of Directors, the holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive our assets available for distribution to our stockholders
ratably in proportion to the number of shares of our common stock held by them. A merger or consolidation of us with or into another
entity, or a sale or conveyance of all or any part of our assets (which does not in fact result in the liquidation, dissolution, or winding
up of us and the distribution of our assets to our stockholders) will not be deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution, or winding up for
purposes of the prior sentence. 

Other
Rights . Holders of our Common Stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption, or conversion rights. The rights, preferences,
and privileges of holders of Common Stock are subject to and may be adversely affected by the rights of the holders of shares of any
series of Preferred Stock that we may designate and issue in the future. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation authorizes our Board of Directors to issue up to 50,000,000 shares of our Preferred Stock, which may be
issued in one or more series upon authorization of our Board of Directors. Subject to the limitations prescribed by our Certificate of
Incorporation, our Board of Directors is authorized to establish the number of shares constituting each series of Preferred Stock and
to fix the designation of the series, the number of authorized shares of the series, dividend rights and terms, conversion rights, voting
rights, redemption rights and terms, liquidation preferences and any other rights, powers, preferences and limitations applicable to
each series of Preferred Stock. The authorized shares of our Preferred Stock are available for issuance without further action by our
stockholders, unless such action is required by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange on which our securities may be listed.
If the approval of our stockholders is not required for the issuance of shares of our Preferred Stock, our Board of Directors may determine
not to seek stockholder approval. The issuance of Preferred Stock could impede the completion of a merger, tender offer, or other takeover
attempt. 

Provisions
of Our Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws and the Delaware General Corporation Law That May Have Anti-Takeover Effects 

The
DGCL contains, and our Certificate of Incorporation and our By-laws contain, provisions that could have the effect of delaying, deferring,
or discouraging another party from acquiring control of us. These provisions, which are summarized below, are expected to discourage
coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire
control of us to first negotiate with our Board of Directors. 

Removal
of Directors 

A
director may be removed only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the votes that all of our stockholders
would be entitled to cast in an annual election of directors. Any vacancy on our Board of Directors, including a vacancy resulting from
an enlargement of our Board of Directors, may be filled only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office. 

Delaware
Law 

We
are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, an anti-takeover statute. Subject to certain exceptions set forth therein, Section 203 of the
DGCL prohibits a business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years following the time that the interested
stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless (a) prior to such time our Board of Directors approved either the business combination
or the transaction which resulted in the interested stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, (b) upon the consummation of the
transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of our
outstanding voting stock at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining our outstanding voting stock (but
not our outstanding voting stock held by the interested stockholder) our outstanding voting stock held by our directors and officers
and our employee stock plan in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject
to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer (if any), and (c) at or subsequent to such time, the business combination
is approved by our Board of Directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 of
our outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

An
interested stockholder generally is defined in Section 203 of the DGCL to include (a) any person (other than the corporation and any
of its direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiaries) that is the owner of 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation,
or is an affiliate or associate of the corporation and was the owner of 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation
at any time within three years immediately prior to the date of determination; and (b) the affiliates and associates of any such person. 

The
provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL may encourage persons interested in acquiring us to negotiate in advance with our board of directors
and may also have the effect of preventing changes in our management. It is possible that the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL could
make it more difficult to accomplish transactions which one or more of our stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 

Series
of Preferred Stock 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation empowers our Board of Directors to create and issue, without stockholder approval, one or more series of
preferred stock having such powers, preferences, and rights, if any, and such qualifications, limitations, and restrictions, if any,
as established our Board of Directors. 

Exclusive
Forum Provision 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation provide that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the United States District
Court for the District of Arizona sitting in Phoenix, Arizona, or, if such court lacks jurisdiction, the state district court of Maricopa
County, Arizona, shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action
or proceeding brought on our behalf; (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers,
or other employees to us or our shareholders; (c) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers, or other
employees pursuant to any provision of our certificate of formation or bylaws or the DGCL; and (d) any action asserting a claim against
us or any of our directors, officers, or other employees relating to our internal affairs. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise
acquiring or holding any interest in our stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to jurisdiction and venue in the
United States District Court for the District of Arizona sitting in Phoenix, Arizona, and the state district court of Maricopa County,
Arizona. If any action within the scope of this provision is filed in violation of such provision (a violating action ),
the violating party shall be deemed to have consented to (a) the personal jurisdiction of such Arizona federal and state courts in connection
with any action brought in any such court to enforce such provision and (b) having service of process made upon the violating party in
any such action by service upon the violating party s counsel in the violating action as agent for such shareholder. This provision
may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us and our directors,
officers or other employees, and may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. 

We
believe that the provisions described above apply to actions arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), and the Exchange Act. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provisions, as Section 22 of the Securities
Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the
Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock is Securities Transfer Corporation. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.5A>
 3
 ex10-5a.htm

Exhibit 10.5 (a) 

</EX-10.5A>

<EX-10.7>
 4
 ex10-7.htm

Exhibit 10.7 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 5
 ex10-8.htm

Exhibit 10.8 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.12>
 6
 ex10-12.htm

Exhibit 10.12 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-21.1>
 7
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

LIST
OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Name 
 
 State
 or Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

GenResults,
 LLC 
 
 Arizona 

TalaTek,
 LLC 
 
 Virginia 

Technologyville,
 Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

Clear
 Skies Security, LLC 
 
 Georgia 

Alpine
 Security, LLC 
 
 Illinois 

Catapult
 Acquisition Corporation dba VelocIT 
 
 New
 Jersey 

Ocean
 Point Equities, Inc. 
 
 British
 Virgin Islands 

RED74
 LLC 
 
 New
 Jersey 

Atlantic
 Technology Systems, Inc. 
 
 New
 Jersey 

Atlantic
 Technology Enterprises, Inc. 
 
 New
 Jersey 

True
 Digital Security, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Creatrix,
 Inc. 
 
 Maryland 

CyberViking,
 LLC 
 
 Oregon 

Servicios
 Informaticos CUATROi, S.P.A. 
 
 Chile 

Comercializadora
 CUATROi S.P.A. 
 
 Chile 

CUATROi
 Peru, S.A.C. 
 
 Peru 

CUATROi
 S.A.S. 
 
 Colombia 

NLT
 Networks, S.P.A. 
 
 Chile 

NLT
 Tecnologias, Limitada 
 
 Chile 

NLT
 Servicios Profesionales, S.P.A. 
 
 Chile 

White
 and Blue Solutions, LLC 
 
 Florida 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Cerberus
Cyber Sentinel Corporation 

 Scottsdale,
Arizona 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commissions SEC on June 24, 2022, and Form S-8, as filed with the SEC on October 17, 2022 and August 30,
2021, of Cerberus Cyber Sentinel Corporation (the Company of our report dated March 31, 2023, relating to the
consolidated financial statements, which appear in this Form 10-K. Our report contains an explanatory paragraph regarding the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

We
did not audit the combined financial statements of the Company s wholly-owned South American Subsidiaries, which
include the consolidated balance sheets of Arkavia Networks SpA. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries Arkavia Networks Limitada and Arkavia
Networks, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash
flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from December 1, 2021 (Acquisition) to December 31, 2021; the combined
balance sheets of Servicios Informaticos CUATROi, S.P.A., Comercializadora CUATROi S.P.A., CUATROi Peru S.A.C., and CUATROi S.A.S. (entities
under common ownership and management) as of December 31, 2022 and the related combined statements of operations, stockholders 
equity, and cash flows for the period ended August 26, 2022 (Acquisition) to December 31, 2022; and the combined balance sheets of NLT
Networks, S.P.A., NLT Tecnologias, Limitada, NLT Servicios Profesionales, S.P.A. and White and Blue Solutions, LLC (entities under common
ownership and management) as of December 31, 2022 and the related combined statements of operations, stockholders equity, and
cash flows for the period ended September 1, 2022 (Acquisition) to December 31, 2022; and the related notes (collectively combined
financial statements ). The combined financial statements of the South American Subsidiaries reflect total assets of 39.5 million
and 12.1 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and total revenues of 10.0 and 1.3 million for the periods then ended.
Those statements were audited by another auditor whose report has been furnished to us, and our opinion, insofar as it relates to the
amounts included for the South American Subsidiaries, is based solely on the report of the other auditors. 

Certified
Public Accountants 

Phoenix,
Arizona 

 March
31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 9
 ex23-2.htm

Exhibit 23.2 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERBERUS
CYBER SENTINEL CORPORATION 

 CERTIFICATE 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 

I,
David G. Jemmett, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 for Cerberus
 Cyber Sentinel Corporation; 
 
 2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 
 
 3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
 4. The
 Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a. Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
 b. Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
 c. Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 
 d. Disclosed
 in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
 b. Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March
 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 David G. Jemmett 

Name: 
 David
 G. Jemmett 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERBERUS
CYBER SENTINEL CORPORATION 

 CERTIFICATE 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 

I,
Debra L. Smith, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 for Cerberus
 Cyber Sentinel Corporation; 
 
 2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 
 
 3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
 4. The
 Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a. Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
 b. Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
 c. Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 
 d. Disclosed
 in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
 b. Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March
 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Debra L. Smith 

Name: 
 Debra
 L. Smith 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERBERUS
CYBER SENTINEL CORPORATION 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cerberus Cyber Sentinel Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and on the
date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

1. The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; and 

2. The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operation of the Registrant. 

Date: 
 March
 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 David G. Jemmett 

Name: 
 David
 G. Jemmett 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

This
certification accompanies the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Cerberus Cyber Sentinel Corporation under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K),
irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERBERUS
CYBER SENTINEL CORPORATION 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cerberus Cyber Sentinel Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and on the
date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that to her knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of
 the Registrant. 

Date: 
 March
 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Debra L. Smith 

Name: 
 Debra
 L. Smith 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

This
certification accompanies the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Cerberus Cyber Sentinel Corporation. under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K),
irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 29
 ciso-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 31
 ciso-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 32
 ciso-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 33
 ciso-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

