<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230314_10-K_edgar_data_1799011_0001493152-23-007482.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9130765</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>512246</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1347303</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3656931</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1528999</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1815078</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-007482.hdr.sgml : 20230314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230313183629
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-007482
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lucid Diagnostics Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001799011
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				825488042
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40901
		FILM NUMBER:		23728652

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		360 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		25TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212 949 4319

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		360 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		25TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-007482.txt : 20230314

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
DC 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _____ to _____ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State
 or Other Jurisdiction of 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 
 Incorporation
 or Organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

(Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each Exchange on which Registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer 
, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filed 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to section 13(c) of the Exchange Act 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

As
of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market
value of the registrant s voting stock held by non-affiliates was approximately million, based on 8,366,797 shares of
common stock held by non-affiliates and a last reported sales price per share of the registrant s common stock of 2.26 on such
date. 

As
of March 9, 2023 there were shares of the registrant s Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, issued and outstanding
(with such number of shares inclusive of shares of common stock underlying unvested restricted stock awards granted under the Lucid Diagnostics
Inc. 2018 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan as of such date). 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 14 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 42 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Property 
 42 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 42 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 42 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrants Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 43 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 43 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 44 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 53 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 53 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 53 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 54 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 54 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 54 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 55 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 55 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 55 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 55 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 55 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 56 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 57 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Form 10-K of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. we , us , our 
or Lucid or the Company contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties.
All statements, other than statements of historical facts, contained in this Form Form 10-K, including statements regarding our future
results of operations and financial position, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking
statements. The words may, will, should, expects, plans, anticipates, 
 could, intends, target, projects, contemplates, believes, 
 estimates, predicts, potential or continue or the negative of these terms or
other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these
identifying words. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the Company s actual results may differ
significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are
not limited to, those discussed in Item 1A of Part I of this Form 10-K under the heading Risk Factors, which are incorporated
herein by reference. 

Important
factors that may affect our actual results include: 

our
 limited operating history; 
 
 our
 financial performance, including our ability to generate revenue; 
 
 our
 ability to obtain regulatory approval for the commercialization of our products; 
 
 the
 ability of our products to achieve market acceptance; 
 
 our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or
 directors; 
 
 our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing when and if needed; 
 
 our
 ability to protect our intellectual property; 
 
 our
 ability to complete strategic acquisitions; 
 
 our
 ability to manage growth and integrate acquired operations; 
 
 the
 potential liquidity and trading of our securities; 
 
 our
 regulatory and operational risks; 
 
 cybersecurity
 risks; 
 
 risks
 related to the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 
 risks
 related to our relationship with PAVmed; and 
 
 our
 estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements and needs for additional
 financing. 

In
addition, our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future financings, acquisitions, mergers, dispositions,
joint ventures or investments we may make. 

We
may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, and/or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place
undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents we have filed as
exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K completely and with the understanding our actual future results may be materially different
from what we expect. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. 

ii 

Part
I 

Item
1. Business 

Background
and Overview 

Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. Lucid is a commercial-stage medical diagnostics technology company focused on the millions of patients
with gastroesophageal reflux disease GERD ), also known as chronic heartburn, acid reflux or simply reflux, who are at
risk of developing esophageal precancer and cancer, specifically highly lethal esophageal adenocarcinoma EAC ). References
in this Form 10-K to we, us and our are to Lucid and, unless the context otherwise requires,
its subsidiaries. 

We
believe that our flagship product, the EsoGuard Esophageal DNA Test, performed on samples collected with the EsoCheck Esophageal Cell
Collection Device, constitutes the first and only commercially available diagnostic test capable of serving as a widespread screening
tool to prevent esophageal adenocarcinoma EAC deaths, through early detection of esophageal precancer in at-risk gastroesophageal
reflux disease GERD, also commonly known as chronic heartburn, acid reflux or simply reflux) patients. 

EsoGuard
is a bisulfite-converted next-generation sequencing (NGS) DNA assay performed on surface esophageal cells collected with EsoCheck. It
quantifies methylation at 31 sites on two genes, Vimentin (VIM) and Cyclin A1 (CCNA1). The assay was evaluated in a 408-patient multicenter
case-control study published in Science Translational Medicine and showed greater than 90 sensitivity and specificity at detecting esophageal
precancer and all conditions along the BE-EAC spectrum, including on samples collected with EsoCheck (Moinova, et al. Sci Transl Med.
2018 Jan 17;10(424): eaao5848). EsoGuard is commercially available in the U.S. as a Laboratory Developed Test (LDT) performed at our
CLIA-certified laboratory. Cell samples, including those collected with EsoCheck, as discussed below, are sent to our laboratory, for
testing and analyses using our proprietary EsoGuard NGS DNA assay. 

EsoCheck
is an FDA 510(k) and CE Mark cleared noninvasive swallowable balloon capsule catheter device capable of sampling surface esophageal
cells in a less than five-minute office procedure. It consists of a vitamin pill-sized rigid plastic capsule tethered to a thin silicone
catheter from which a soft silicone balloon with textured ridges emerges to gently swab surface esophageal cells. When vacuum
suction is applied, the balloon and sampled cells are pulled into the capsule, protecting them from contamination and dilution by
cells outside of the targeted region during device withdrawal. We believe this proprietary Collect+Protect technology makes
EsoCheck the only noninvasive esophageal cell collection device capable of such anatomically targeted and protected
sampling. 

EsoGuard
and EsoCheck are based on patented technology licensed by Lucid from Case Western Reserve University CWRU ). EsoGuard and
EsoCheck have been developed to provide an accurate, non-invasive, patient-friendly screening test for the early detection of adenocarcinoma
of the esophagus EAC and Barrett s Esophagus BE ), including dysplastic BE and related pre-cursors
to EAC in patients with chronic gastroesophageal reflux GERD ). 

Market
Opportunity 

In
2023, approximately 20,000 U.S. GERD patients are projected to be diagnosed with EAC and approximately 16,000 will die from it. Over
80 of EAC patients will die within five years of diagnosis, making it the second most lethal cancer in the U.S. The U.S. incidence of
EAC has increased 500 over the past four decades, while the incidences of other common cancers have declined or remained flat. In nearly
all cases, EAC silently progresses until it manifests itself with new symptoms of advanced disease. EAC is nearly always invasive at
diagnosis, and, unlike other common cancers, mortality rates are high even in its earlier stages. 

As
discussed below under the heading Clinical Guidelines for At-Risk Population , the American Gastroenterology Association AGA recently significantly expanded the target population for esophageal precancer screening, recommending screening
in at-risk patients without symptoms of GERD. Based on this revision, we believe the cohort recommended for screening consists of an
estimated 30 million U.S. individuals with at least 3 established risk factors for BE. Accordingly, we believe EsoGuard s total
addressable U.S. market opportunity exceeds 60 billion based on an effective Medicare payment of 1,938 and the estimated 30 million
U.S. patients recommended for screening by clinical practice guidelines. (In December 2019, we secured gapfill determination
for EsoGuard s PLA code 0114U through the CMS CLFS process. This allowed us to engage directly with Medicare contractor Palmetto
GBA and its MolDx Program on CMS payment and coverage. In October 2020, CMS granted EsoGuard final Medicare payment determination of
 1,938.01, effective January 1, 2021.) 

Unfortunately,
for a variety of reasons, less than 10 of at-risk patients who are recommended for screening undergo traditional invasive upper gastrointestinal
endoscopy (EGD). We believe that the profound tragedy of an EAC diagnosis is that likely death could have been prevented if the at-risk
patient had been screened and then undergone surveillance and curative endoscopic esophageal ablation of dysplastic BE. 

Since
mortality rates are high even in early stage EAC, preventing EAC deaths requires detection and intervention at the precancer stage. Most
of the necessary elements for such an early detection program are already well established an at-risk population (at-risk GERD
patients), a precancer (BE), and an intervention which can halt progression to EAC (endoscopic esophageal ablation). The only missing
element for such an early detection program is a widespread screening tool that can detect BE prior to EAC. 

We
believe EsoGuard, used with EsoCheck, constitutes that missing element the first and only commercially available diagnostic test
capable of serving as a widespread screening tool to prevent EAC deaths through early detection of esophageal precancer and cancer in patients with 3 or more risk factors. 

1 

Clinical
Guidelines for At-Risk Population 

The
subgroup of long-standing or severe GERD patients at-risk for BE and progression to EAC is well defined in clinical practice guidelines,
including the American College of Gastroenterology (ACG) BE Guidelines. In its Recommendation 5, the ACG suggests a single screening
endoscopy in patients with chronic GERD symptoms and 3 or more additional risk factors for BE, including male sex, age greater than 50
years, White race, tobacco smoking, obesity, and family history of BE or EAC in a first-degree relative. 

An
ACG clinical guideline entitled Diagnosis and Management of Barrett s Esophagus: An Updated ACG Guideline , 
the first such update since 2016, was published online last year in the American Journal of Gastroenterology. The clinical guideline
reiterates the ACG s long-standing recommendation for esophageal precancer screening in at-risk patients with GERD. For the first
time, however, the clinical guideline also endorses nonendoscopic biomarker screening as an acceptable alternative to costly and invasive
endoscopy stating that a swallowable nonendoscopic capsule device combined with a biomarker is an acceptable alternative to endoscopy
for BE. The clinical guideline specifically mentions EsoCheck, along with our EsophaCap device, as such swallowable, nonendoscopic
esophageal cell collection devices, as well as methylated DNA biomarkers such as EsoGuard. The summary of evidence for this recommendation
includes a reference to the seminal NIH-funded, multicenter, case-control study published in 2018 in Science Translational Medicine , which demonstrated
that EsoGuard is highly accurate at detecting esophageal precancer and cancer, including on samples collected with EsoCheck. 

In
July 2022, the American Gastroenterology Association AGA published in their Clinical Practice Update on New Technology
and Innovation for Surveillance and Screening in Barrett s Esophagus updated clinical guidance that mirrors the same furnished
by the ACG as described above, endorsing the use of non-endoscopic cell collection tools to screen for BE like our EsoCheck Cell Collection
Device, which is cited in the update, as an acceptable alternative to endoscopy to directly address the need for noninvasive screening
tools that are easy to administer, patient friendly, and cost-effective for the detection of BE. The clinical practice update by the
AGA also significantly expands the target population for esophageal precancer screening, including for EsoGuard and EsoCheck, by recommending,
for the first time, screening in at-risk patients without symptoms of GERD. The AGA does so by adding a history of chronic GERD as merely
an additional, seventh risk factor to the six risk factors for BE and EAC that have traditionally identified at-risk symptomatic patients
recommended for screening. 

Commercialization 

Our
EsoGuard commercialization efforts span multiple channels including targeting primary care physicians and GI physicians, who have generally
embraced our message that EsoGuard has the potential to expand the funnel of BE-EAC patients who will need long term EGD surveillance
and, potentially, treatment with endoscopic esophageal ablation. 

To
assure sufficient testing capacity and geographic coverage, we have built our own network of Lucid Test Centers, staffed by Lucid-employed
clinical personnel, where patients can undergo the EsoCheck procedure and have the sample sent for EsoGuard testing at our CLIA-certified
laboratory. Our current test center network currently includes locations in metropolitan areas in Arizona, California, Colorado, Florida,
Idaho, Illinois, Nevada, Ohio, Oregon, Texas and Utah. 

In
addition to our base test center network, we have established a satellite test center program, whereby we are expanding our footprint
by making our personnel available to perform cell collection services in physician offices. Further, we have sought to expand our outreach
by successfully conducting multiple #CheckYourFoodTube Precancer Testing Event for organizations such as the San Antonio Fire Department, where
samples are collected from the organization s employees for testing with EsoGuard at our CLIA-certified laboratory. 

We
have also established an EsoGuard Telemedicine Program, in partnership with UpScript, LLC, an independent third-party telemedicine provider,
that accommodates EsoGuard self-referrals from direct-to-consumer marketing. 

Reimbursement
and Market Access 

As
noted above, in December 2019, we secured gapfill determination for EsoGuard s PLA code 0114U through the CMS CLFS
process. This allowed us to engage directly with Medicare contractor Palmetto GBA and its MolDx Program on CMS payment and coverage.
In October 2020, CMS granted EsoGuard final Medicare payment determination of 1,938.01, effective January 1, 2021. 

A proposed Local Coverage Determination LCD DL39256, entitled Molecular Testing for Detection of Upper Gastrointestinal Metaplasia, Dysplasia, and Neoplasia 
was published recently on the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS website by MAC Palmetto GBA. The proposed
LCD is a further step in our efforts to secure Medicare coverage and payment for EsoGuard. The proposed LCD, which the CMS website explicitly
characterizes as a work in progress for public review, outlines criteria that MolDX expects upper gastrointestinal
precancer and cancer molecular diagnostic tests to meet. These criteria include active GERD with at least two risk factors, as well as
evidence of analytic validity, clinical validity, and clinical utility. Although the proposed LCD indicated that it found that no currently
existing test has fulfilled all these criteria, it indicated that it will monitor the evidence and will provide coverage based
on the pertinent literature and society recommendations. Notably, the proposed LCD pre-dated, and therefore does not include consideration
of, the most recent AGA clinical practice update endorsing swallowable, nonendoscopic capsule devices combined with a biomarker, such
as EsoCheck and EsoGuard,, an an alternative to endoscopy. The publication of the proposed LCD triggered a written comment period, and
MolDX also held an open meeting on May 10, 2022, during which stakeholders and other interested parties had the opportunity to address
the proposed LCD. We presented at the public meeting and made a written submission during the comment period as well. A final LCD will
not be issued until the MAC has had the opportunity to assess and consider all stakeholder comments. 

While we await a CMS coverage determination
from MolDX, we are aggressively pursuing EsoGuard commercial insurer payment and coverage. Although the claim adjudication cycle can be
prolonged during the early commercialization of a new test, we have received out-of-network commercial insurance payments for the EsoGuard
test, and has entered into agreements with insurers that provide access to, in the aggregate, over 70 million patients. 

2 

Clinical
Utility and Clinical Trials 

Demonstrating
EsoGuard s clinical utility, which requires providing evidence that the test has a meaningful impact on clinical practice, is very
important for a variety of purposes, including, importantly, for Medicare and private payor payment and coverage. It has been established
that one of the most important factors to private payors in deciding whether to grant payment and coverage will be demonstration that
the EsoGuard test, when ordered by physicians, provides information that can be used to
identify or exclude patients who would benefit from additional management and/or treatment. Clinical utility studies are also important
for general EsoGuard commercialization by facilitating physician understanding of test indications and potential benefit to the patients. 

We
are currently seeking to accelerate our collection of clinical utility data through a range of trials that can be efficiently executed.
These efforts include a planned investigator-initiated, retrospective analysis of prospectively collected data on the approximately 400
San Antonio fire fighters who underwent testing as part of a community-sponsored cancer awareness event (in
respect of which we expect to publish results in the first half of 2023) ; an ongoing investigator-initiated, retrospective, single-center,
study with 500 patients (in respect of which we expect to publish results mid-2023), a virtual-patient randomized controlled trial with
intended recruitment of 100-200 physician participants (in respect of which we expect to publish
results this year) ; a Lucid-sponsored multi-center, prospective, observational study with 500 patients; and a Lucid-sponsored
registry at existing Lucid Test Centers, whereby all patients undergoing EsoCheck testing will be given the opportunity to provide informed
consent and contribute data about their risk factors, EsoGuard results, and subsequent diagnostic and/or therapeutic journey. Both Lucid-sponsored
observational/registry studies expect to have preliminary results and/or interim analysis before the end of 2023. 

As
previously disclosed, consequently, we have decided to delay for the time being the two previously commenced clinical trials, the EsoGuard
screening study BE-1 and the EsoGuard case-control study BE-2 ), as we are devoting
our clinical resources to the studies cited above, which we expect will more efficiently generate the clinical data we are currently
prioritizing to drive EsoGuard commercialization. 

Manufacturing 

EsoCheck
is currently manufactured for us by our partners Coastline International, a high-volume device manufacturer, and Sage Product Development.
Through mid-2023, we expect to further transition from Sage to Coastline as the manufacturing process is further optimized. Our current
line capacity can produce up to 25,000 units per year. With Coastline s improvement and expansion, there is capacity to scale exponentially.
Our EsoGuard Specimen Kits are currently manufactured for us by our partner Path-Tec. The warehousing, logistics, fulfillment and customer
support of our products is managed for us by our partners HealthLink International (a leading third-party logistics company) and Path-Tec. 

License
Agreement 

Under
the terms of our license agreement with CWRU, we acquired an exclusive worldwide right to use the intellectual property rights to the
EsoGuard and EsoCheck technology for the detection of changes in the esophagus and on sample preservation. we are required to pay CWRU
royalties on net sales of licensed products as follows: 5 of net sales of less than 100 million per year; and 8 of net sales greater
than 100 million per year. We are also required to pay CWRU minimum annual royalty payments as follows: 50,000 per year, beginning
January 1 following the first anniversary of a commercial sale of a licensed product; 150,000 per year, if net sales of a licensed product
exceed 25 million in a year; 300,000 per year, if net sales of a licensed product exceed 50 million in a year; and 600,000 per year,
if net sales of a licensed product exceed 100 million in a year. Minimum yearly royalty amounts are subject to increase based on the
percentage change in the CPI-W Consumer Price Index and are credited against the royalties otherwise due. The license agreement was subject
to four regulatory and commercialization milestones, of which one remains unachieved and unpaid. The remaining milestone is the FDA PMA
submission of a licensed product, upon the achievement of which we will pay CWRU a milestone payment of 200,000. The license agreement
terminates upon the expiration of the last-to-expire licensed patent, or on May 12, 2038, in countries where no such patents exist, or
upon expiration of any exclusive marketing rights for a licensed product that have been granted by FDA or other U.S. government agency,
whichever comes later. The EsoCheck patents, which are currently the last to expire, begin to expire in May 2035. 

Regulatory 

In
June 2019, we received FDA 510(k) clearance to market EsoCheck in the U.S. as a device indicated for use in the collection and retrieval
of surface cells of the esophagus in adults followed by FDA 510(k) clearance in 2022, expanding the use of EsoCheck in adults and pediatric
populations in the U.S. In December 2019, our CLIA-certified then-laboratory partner, completed documentation of EsoGuard analytical
validity allowing us to commercialize it as a Laboratory Developed Test (LDT). 

In
February 2020, we received FDA Breakthrough Device Designation for EsoGuard as an in-vitro diagnostic IVD medical device. The FDA Breakthrough Device Program was created to offer patients more timely access to breakthrough technologies which
provide for more effective treatment or diagnosis of life-threatening or irreversibly debilitating human disease or conditions by expediting
their development, assessment and review through enhanced communications and more efficient and flexible clinical study design, including
more favorable pre/post market data collection balance. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services and the United States Congress
continue to work to provide an expedited coverage pathway for emerging technologies. 

3 

In
May 2021, we received CE Mark certification for EsoCheck (under the Medical Devices Directive 93/42/EEC), and in June 2021, we completed
CE Mark self-certification for EsoGuard (under the European In-Vitro Diagnostic Devices Directive (IVDD 98/79/EC)), indicating both may
be marketed in CE Mark European countries. 

Our
longer-term strategy is to secure a specific indication, based on published guidelines, for BE screening in certain at-risk populations
using EsoGuard on samples collected with EsoCheck. This use of EsoGuard together with EsoCheck as a screening system must be cleared
or approved by the FDA as an IVD device. 

Laboratory
Operations 

On
February 25, 2022, our new, wholly owned subsidiary, LucidDx Labs Inc. LucidDx Labs ), acquired from RDx, certain licenses
and other related assets necessary for LucidDx Labs to operate its own new CLIA-certified, CAP-accredited clinical laboratory located
in Lake Forest, CA. Since March 2022, we have conducted EsoGuard testing at our own laboratory with, until recently, the assistance of
RDx, which had continued to provide certain testing and related services for the laboratory in accordance with the terms of a management
services agreement MSA-RDx ), dated and effective February 25, 2022. Recently, however, the Company accelerated the development
of internal resources necessary to operate the laboratory entirely on its own. Accordingly, our subsidiary LucidDx Labs and RDx agreed
terminate the MSA-RDx effective as of February 10, 2023, such that LucidDx Labs now operates the laboratory itself, which the Company
believes will improve the efficiency of the performance of the EsoGuard assay. 

Competition 

The
U.S. market for esophageal cancer (i.e., EAC) and pre-cancer (i.e., BE, with or without dysplasia) screening is large, consisting of
more than 30 million at-risk individuals over the age of 50. Given the large market for pre-cancer screening, we likely will face numerous
competitors, some of which possess significantly greater financial and other resources and development capabilities than us. Our EsoGuard
test faces competition from procedure-based detection technologies such as upper endoscopy, and other screening technologies such as
multi-cancer early detection products. Our EsoCheck device faces competition from other manufactures with devices designed to collect
cell samples from targeted regions of the esophagus. For example, Cytosponge is a small mesh sponge within a soluble gelatin capsule
that dissolves in the stomach and then is pulled thru the targeted region brushing the lining of the esophagus and then later retrieved,
although, unlike EsoCheck, it is unprotected from contamination. Our competitors may also be developing additional methods of detecting
esophageal cancer and pre-cancer that have not yet been announced. 

Accordingly,
the market for our products is highly competitive and is characterized by extensive research and clinical efforts and rapid technological
change. In order to compete effectively, EsoGuard and EsoCheck will have to achieve market acceptance, receive adequate insurance coverage
and reimbursement, be cost effective and be simultaneously safe and effective. We believe that the principal competitive factors in our
markets are: 

diagnostic
 accuracy and the quality of outcomes for medical conditions; 

acceptance
 by physicians and the medical device market generally; 

ease
 of use and reliability; 

technical
 leadership and superiority; 

effective
 marketing and distribution; 

speed
 to market; and 

product
 price and qualification for coverage and reimbursement. 

Most
of our existing and potential competitors have substantially greater financial, marketing, sales, distribution, manufacturing and technological
resources. We may be unable to compete effectively against our competitors either because their products and services are superior or
more cost efficient, or because of they have access to greater resources than us. These competitors may have greater name recognition
than we do. Many of these competitors have obtained all desirable FDA or other regulatory approvals, and superior patent protection,
for their products. Certain of our competitors have already commercialized their products, and others may commercialize their products
in advance of our products. In addition, our competitors may make technical advances that render our products obsolete. We may be unable
to respond to such technical advances. 

We
will also compete in the marketplace to recruit and retain qualified scientific, management and sales personnel, as well as in acquiring
technologies and licenses complementary to our products or advantageous to our business. We are aware of several companies that compete
or are developing technologies in our current and future products areas. In order to compete effectively, our products will have to achieve
market acceptance, receive adequate insurance coverage and reimbursement, be cost effective and be simultaneously safe and effective. 

Esocure 

In
connection with our efforts to expand our presence in the EAC diagnostic market, we are also developing the EsoCure Esophageal Ablation
Device, with the intent to allow a clinician to treat dysplastic BE before it can progress to EAC, a highly lethal esophageal cancer,
and to do so without the need for complex and expensive capital equipment. We have successfully completed a pre-clinical feasibility
animal study of EsoCure demonstrating excellent, controlled circumferential ablation of the esophageal mucosal lining. An acute and survival
animal study of EsoCure Esophageal Ablation Device has also been completed, demonstrating successful direct thermal balloon catheter
ablation of esophageal lining through the working channel of a standard endoscope. When resources permit, we plan to conduct additional
development work and animal testing of EsoCure to support a future FDA 510(k) submission. 

In
March 2022, both the PAVmed and Lucid board of directors approved entering into an intercompany license between PAVmed and Lucid such
that Lucid will be granted the rights to commercialize EsoCure for the treating dysplastic Barrett s Esophagus. Under the intercompany
license, Lucid will pay PAVmed a 5 royalty on all EsoCure sales up to 100 million per calendar year, and 8 above that threshold. 

4 

Our
Relationship with PAVmed Inc. 

We
are a majority-owned subsidiary of PAVmed, and PAVmed has a controlling financial interest. We continue to depend on PAVmed to provide
us various management, technical, research and development, legal, accounting, and administrative services. 

PAVmed
owns approximately 73 as of December 31, 2022 and 72 as of March 9, 2023 of the combined voting power of our outstanding
common stock (with such percentage inclusive of shares of our common stock underlying granted but unvested restricted stock awards).
For as long as PAVmed continues to control more than 50 of our common stock, PAVmed will be able to direct the election of all the members
of our board of directors. Similarly, PAVmed will have the power to determine matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders without
the consent of our other stockholders, to prevent a change in control of us, and to take other actions that might be favorable to PAVmed,
without prior notice to other stockholders. PAVmed s controlling interest may discourage a change of control that other holders
of our common stock may favor. 

We
are party to a management services agreement with PAVmed (the MSA ), as well as a payroll benefits and expense reimbursement
agreement (the PBERA ). Under the MSA, PAVmed provides management, technical and administrative services to us, including
without limitation services related to research and development, regulatory clearance, manufacture, and commercialization of our products,
as well as services related to corporate financial, accounting and legal matters. The terms of this agreement are intended to be consistent
with the terms that we could have negotiated with unaffiliated third parties; however, they may actually be more or less favorable. Under
the PBERA, as more fully described below, PAVmed has agreed to pay certain payroll and benefit-related expenses in respect of our personnel
on our behalf, and we reimburse PAVmed for the same. PAVmed may elect that our obligations under each of the MSA and the PBERA are settled
by the issuance of our stock (instead of cash), subject to applicable restrictions under securities laws (and, in the case of the PBERA,
subject also to approval by our board). The MSA does not have a termination date, but may be terminated by the our board of directors
at any time. The PBERA likewise does not have a termination date, but may be terminated by PAVmed or Lucid at any time. 

Recent
Events 

Business 

Status of Clinical Trials 

We are currently seeking to accelerate
our collection of clinical utility data through a range of trials that can be efficiently executed. These efforts include a planned investigator-initiated,
retrospective analysis of prospectively collected data on the approximately 400 San Antonio fire fighters who underwent testing as part
of a community-sponsored cancer awareness event (in respect of which we expect to publish results
in the first half of 2023) ; an ongoing investigator-initiated, retrospective, single-center, study with 500 patients (in respect
of which we expect to publish results mid-2023), a virtual-patient randomized controlled trial with intended recruitment of 100-200 physician
participants (in respect of which we expect to publish results this year) ; a Lucid-sponsored
multi-center, prospective, observational study with 500 patients; and a Lucid-sponsored registry at existing Lucid Test Centers, whereby
all patients undergoing EsoCheck testing will be given the opportunity to provide informed consent and contribute data about their risk
factors, EsoGuard results, and subsequent diagnostic and/or therapeutic journey. Both Lucid-sponsored observational/registry studies expect
to have preliminary results and/or interim analysis before the end of 2023. 

As previously disclosed, consequently, we have decided to delay for the time being the two previously commenced clinical
trials, the EsoGuard screening study BE-1 and the EsoGuard case-control study BE-2 ),
as we are devoting our clinical resources to the studies cited above, which we expect will more efficiently generate the clinical data
we are currently prioritzing to drive EsoGuard commercialization. 

LucidDx
Labs Laboratory Operations Update 

On
February 14, 2023, we and our subsidiary, LucidDx Labs Inc., entered into an agreement (the MSA Termination Agreement with RDx, pursuant to which the parties mutually agreed to terminate the MSA-RDx without cause. The termination was effective as February
10, 2023. Until the termination of the MSA-RDx, RDx had continued to provide certain testing and related services for the Laboratory
in accordance with the terms of the MSA-RDx. Recently, however, we accelerated the development of internal resources necessary to operate
the Laboratory entirely on its own. Accordingly, we believe that termination of the MSA-RDx will improve the efficiency of the performance
of the EsoGuard assay. 

Among
other things, the MSA Termination Agreement reduces the remaining amounts of the earnout payments and management fees due under the APA-RDx
and the MSA-RDx to 725,000 (from the 3,450,000 that would otherwise have been payable under the APA and MSA if the MSA had remained
in effect through the balance of its stated term), resulting in a net savings to us of 2,725,000. The payment was satisfied through
the issuance of 553,436 shares of Lucid Diagnostics common stock on February 25, 2023. We were not required to make any cash payments
in connection with the termination. 

#CheckYourFoodTube
Precancer Testing Events 

In
January 2023, we successfully completed our first #CheckYourFoodTube Precancer Testing Event, in partnership with Rachelle Hamblin, M.D.,
M.P.H., and the San Antonio Fire Department (SAFD), to detect esophageal precancer in at-risk members of the department. The SAFD testing
event was held over two weekends in January, which has been designated as Firefighter Cancer Awareness Month by the International Association
of Fire Fighters (IAFF). A total of 391 members, nearly one-quarter of the department, who were deemed by Dr. Hamblin to be at-risk for
esophageal precancer, underwent a brief, on-site, noninvasive cell collection procedure, performed by our clinical personnel using EsoCheck.
Firefighters with suspected esophageal precancer based on a positive EsoGuard result were identified, including some less than forty
years of age, and will undergo appropriate monitoring and treatment, as indicated by clinical practice guidelines, to prevent progression
to esophageal cancer. These events, which we look to expand across the country, are an extension of our expanding satellite Lucid Test
Center (sLTC) program, which brings our precancer testing directly to patients at their physician s office and now at large
testing day events. We demonstrated that our nurse practitioners can each perform up to fifty EsoCheck procedures in a day, and our laboratory
team handled over two hundred incoming samples in a day, while maintaining turnaround times at target. These successes provide an excellent
foundation for future testing events as we continue to drive EsoGuard commercialization using all the tools at our disposal. 

Payroll
and Benefit Expense Reimbursement Agreement 

On
November 30, 2022, PAVmed and we entered into a payroll and benefit expense reimbursement agreement (the PBERA ). Historically,
PAVmed has paid for certain payroll and benefit-related expenses in respect of our personnel on our behalf, and we have reimbursed PAVmed
for the same. Pursuant to the PBERA, PAVmed will continue to pay such expenses, and we will continue to reimburse PAVmed for the same.
The PBERA now provides that the expenses will be reimbursed on a quarterly basis or at such other frequency as the parties may determine,
in cash or, subject to approval by PAVmed s and our boards of directors, in shares of our common stock, with such shares valued
at the volume weighted average price of such stock during the final ten trading days preceding the later of the two dates on which such
stock issuance is approved by PAVmed s and our boards of directors (subject to a floor price of 0.40 per share), or in a combination
of cash and shares. However, in no event shall we issue any shares of our common stock to PAVmed in satisfaction of all or any portion
of the expenses if the issuance of such shares of our common stock would exceed the maximum number of shares of common stock that we
may issue under the rules or regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ), unless we obtain the approval of our
stockholders as required by the applicable rules of the Nasdaq for issuances of shares of our common stock in excess of such amount. 

5 

Financing 

Committed Equity Facility and ATM Facility 

In March 2022, we entered into a
committed equity facility with an affiliate of Cantor Fitzgerald Cantor ). Under the terms of the facility, Cantor committed
to purchase up to 50 million of our common stock from time to time upon our request. While there are distinct differences, the facility
is structured similarly to a traditional at-the-market equity facility, insofar as it allows us to raise primary capital on a periodic
basis at prices based on the existing market price. Through December 31, 2022, 680,263 shares of our common stock were issued under this
facility for total proceeds of approximately 1.8 million. 

In November 2022, we also entered into an at-the-market offering 
for up to 6.5 million of our common stock that may be offered and sold under a Controlled Equity Offering Agreement between us and Cantor
Fitzgerald Co. In the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no shares sold through the at-the-market equity facility. Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, through March 9, 2023, we sold 230,068 shares through its at-the-market equity facility for approximately 0.3
million. 

Series A Preferred Stock Offering 

On
March 7, 2023, we entered into subscription agreements for the sale of 13,625 shares of Series A preferred stock (the
 Series A Preferred Stock ). Each share of the Series A Preferred Stock has a stated value of 1,000 and a
conversion price of 1.394. The terms of the Series A Preferred Stock also include a one times preference on liquidation and a right
to receive dividends equal to 20 of the number of shares into which such Series A Preferred Stock is convertible, payable on the
one-year and two-year anniversary of the issuance date. The Series A Preferred Stock is a non-voting security, other than with
respect to limited matters related to changes in terms of the Series A Preferred Stock. The aggregate gross proceeds from the sale
of shares in such offering were 13.625 million. 

Senior Secured Convertible Note 

Effective as of March 13, 2023, we entered into a Securities Purchase
Agreement SPA with an accredited institutional investor Investor , Lender , and /or Holder ),
pursuant to which we agreed to sell, and the Investor agreed to purchase a Senior Secured Convertible Note with a face value principal
of 11.1 million (the March 2023 Senior Convertible Note ). The issuance of the March 2023 Senior Convertible Note is
subject to customary closing conditions. 

The March 2023 Senior Secured Convertible Note
would have a 7.875 annual stated interest rate, a contractual conversion price of 5.00 per share of the Company s common stock
(subject to standard adjustments in the event of any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar
transaction), and a contractual maturity date of the two-year anniversary of the date of issuance. The March 2023 Senior Convertible
Note would be convertible into or otherwise paid in shares of the Company s common stock. 

Under the March 2023 Senior
Convertible Note, the Company would be subject to certain customary affirmative and negative covenants regarding the
incurrence of indebtedness, the existence of liens, the repayment of indebtedness and the making of investments, the payment of cash
in respect of dividends, distributions or redemptions, the transfer of assets, the maturity of other indebtedness, and transactions with
affiliates, among other customary matters. Under the March 2023 Senior Convertible Note, the Company would also be subject to financial covenants requiring that (i) the amount
of our available cash equal or exceed 5.0 million at all times, (ii) the ratio of (a) the outstanding principal amount of the notes
issued under the SPA, accrued and unpaid interest thereon and accrued and unpaid late charges to (b) the Company s average market
capitalization over the prior ten trading days, not exceed 30 , and (iii) that the Company s market capitalization shall at no
time be less than an amount to be agreed upon. 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
business will depend on proprietary medical device and diagnostic technologies, including the EsoCheck and EsoGuard technology
licensed by us. We intend to vigorously protect our proprietary technologies intellectual property rights in patents,
trademarks and copyrights, as available through registration in the United States and internationally. Patent protection and other
proprietary rights are thus essential to our Diagnostics business. We currently have applied for, license or own 19 domestic and
foreign patents covering the EsoGuard and EsoCheck products and related technology. The
date the patents protecting certain of our owned and licensed technology will first begin to expire is as set forth in the table
below (although currently pending patent applications, both foreign and domestic, are positioned to provide protection beyond such
date in each instance). 

Technology 
 
 Year 
 
 EsoCheck 
 
 May
 2034 
 
 EsoGuard 
 
 August
 2024 
 
 EsoCure 
 
 March
 2036 

The EsoCheck and EsoGuard technology is protected by patents in the United States and
internationally, and our policy is to continue to aggressively file patent applications, both independently and in collaboration
with CWRU, as appropriate, to protect this technology and other of our proprietary technologies relating to our Diagnostics
business, including inventions and improvements to inventions. Under the CWRU License Agreement, CWRU has agreed to apply for patent
coverage, at our expense, in any country requested by us, to the extent such protection is reasonably attainable. We seek patent
protection, as appropriate, on: 

the
 product itself including all embodiments with future commercial potential; 

the
 methods of using the product; and 

the
 methods of manufacturing the product. 

In
addition to filing and prosecuting patent applications in the United States, we intend to file counterpart patent applications in other
countries worldwide where there is a value in doing so. Foreign filings can be cumbersome and expensive, and we will pursue such filings
when we believe they are warranted as we try to balance our international commercialization plans with our desire to protect the global
value of the technology. 

The
term of individual patents depends upon the legal term of the patents in the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries
in which we file, the patent term is 20 years from the earliest date of filing a non-provisional patent application. In the United States,
a patent s term may be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed over another patent or as a result of delays in patent prosecution
by the patentee, and a patent s term may be lengthened by patent term adjustment, which compensates a patentee for administrative
delays by the USPTO in granting a patent, or patent term extension, which restores time lost due to regulatory delays. 

We
intend to continuously reassess and fine-tune our intellectual property strategy in order to fortify the position of our business in
the United States and internationally. Prior to acquiring or licensing a technology from a third party, we will evaluate the existing
proprietary rights, our ability to adequately obtain and protect these rights and the likelihood or possibility of infringement upon
competing rights of others. 

6 

We also rely upon trade secrets,
know-how, continuing technological innovation, and may rely upon licensing opportunities, to develop and maintain our competitive position.
We intend to protect our proprietary rights through a variety of methods, including confidentiality agreements and/or proprietary information
agreements with suppliers, employees, consultants, independent contractors and other entities who may have access to proprietary information.
We will generally require employees to assign patents and other intellectual property to us as a condition of employment with us. All
of our consulting agreements will pre-emptively assign to us all new and improved intellectual property that arise during the term of
the agreement. 

Lucid
also has (directly or through its subsidiaries) proprietary rights to a range of trademarks, including, among others, Lucid Diagnostics ,
LUCID , EsoCheck , EsoGuard , Collect + Protect , and EsoCheck Cell Collection Device . (Solely as a matter of
convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to herein may or may not be accompanied with the requisite marks of 
or . However, the absence of such marks is not intended to indicate, in any way, Lucid or its subsidiaries will not
assert, to the fullest extent possible under applicable law, their respective rights to such trademarks and trade names.) 

Health
Insurance Coverage and Reimbursement 

Our
ability to successfully commercialize our products will depend in part on the extent to which governmental authorities, private health
insurers and other third-party payors provide coverage for and establish adequate reimbursement levels for the procedures during which
our products are used. 

In
the United States, third-party payors continue to implement initiatives that restrict the use of certain technologies to those that meet
certain clinical evidentiary requirements. In addition to uncertainties surrounding coverage policies, there are periodic changes to
reimbursement. Third-party payors regularly update reimbursement amounts and also from time to time revise the methodologies used to
determine reimbursement amounts. This includes annual updates to payments to physicians, hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers for
procedures during which our products are used. An example of payment updates is the Medicare program s updates to hospital and
physician payments, which are done on an annual basis using a prescribed statutory formula. In the past, when the application of the
formula resulted in lower payment, Congress has passed interim legislation to prevent the reductions. 

A
product s reimbursement profile, both in the U.S. and internationally, is an important component of the product s commercial
opportunity. We prefer projects with existing reimbursement codes, the opportunity to seek reimbursement under higher-value surgical
procedure codes or the potential to seek reimbursement under narrow, product-specific codes as opposed to bundled procedure codes. For
those products that have high strategic value, but with less defined reimbursement, we have engaged reimbursement experts and support
from industry associations to accelerate the acquisition of satisfactory reimbursement levels. 

See
 Reimbursement and Market Access above for a fuller discussion of the reimbursement status for EsoCheck and EsoGuard. 

Government
Regulation 

Key
U.S. Regulation 

FDA
Regulation 

For
the purposes of FDA regulation a medical device is broadly defined in section 201(h) of the FDCA as an instrument,
apparatus, implement, machine, contrivance, implant, in-vitro reagent, or other similar or related article, which is intended for use
in humans for the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease, or intended
to affect the structure or any function of the body, and which does not achieve its primary intended purposes through chemical action
and which is not dependent upon being metabolized for the achievement of its primary intended purposes. Medical devices subject
to FDA regulation include in-vitro diagnostic medical devices or IVD devices, defined in the same FDCA section as reagents,
instruments, and systems intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, including a determination of the state of
health, in order to cure, mitigate, treat, or prevent disease or its sequelae, which are intended for use in the collection, preparation,
and examination of specimens taken from the human body . 

Our
marketing of any medical device product we may develop, license, or acquire, including traditional medical devices such as EsoCheck,
and IVD products such as EsoGuard, is subject to FDA regulation. 

In
 June 2019, we received FDA 510(k) clearance for EsoCheck, permitting us to market it in the
 U.S. as a cell collection device indicated for use in the collection and retrieval of surface
 cells of the esophagus in the general population of adults, 22 years of age and older. 
 
 In
 December 2019, RDx, our then-CLIA-certified laboratory partner completed documentation of
 EsoGuard analytical validity allowing us to commercialize it as an LDT. In March 2022, we
 transferred EsoGuard testing to our own CLIA-certified laboratory, upon our acquisition of
 certain assets from RDx as described elsewhere in this report. 

7 

FDA
defines an LDT as an IVD product that is intended for clinical use and designed, manufactured and used within a single laboratory. 
FDA has long maintained that it has clear regulatory authority over LDTs and has chosen to fully exercise its authority for certain classes
of single laboratory IVD products which would satisfy its definition of an LDT, such as direct-to-consumer tests that do
not involve a health care provider. FDA, however, has generally not enforced these regulatory requirements for most LDTs not in one of
these classes and has generally not required these LDTs to undergo FDA premarket review of analytical validity and clinical validity,
as all other IVD products must. For over a decade, FDA has expressed its concern about insufficient regulatory oversight over increasingly
high-risk LDTs. On multiple occasions from 2010 to 2020 it announced its intent to reconsider its long-standing policy of LDT enforcement
discretion with respect to LDTs but never acted on this intent, limiting its actions to hosting a public workshop to gather feedback
from industry stakeholders. publishing two draft guidance documents describing a proposed risk-based framework to LDTs, issuing a report
citing evidence for the need for additional regulation of LDTs, and issuing a Discussion Paper on LDTs. FDA never issued a final guidance
document on the regulation of LDTs and, in 2020, HHS announced that, effective immediately, it was rescinding all guidance, compliance
manuals, website statements, or other informal issuances concerning FDA premarket review of LDTs, and that FDA may not require premarket
review of LDTs absent a formal notice-and-comment rulemaking process. 

This
2020 HHS directive notwithstanding, the regulatory status for LDTs such as EsoGuard remains somewhat ambiguous and uncertain. The current
administration could rescind the HHS directive and allow FDA to return to its previous regime of enforcement discretion. The Verifying
Accurate Leading-edge IVCT Development (VALID) Act of 2020, which seeks to revamp the regulatory framework of diagnostic tests, including
LDTs, is expected to be reintroduced in 2021 and could radically alter the landscape for LDTs. FDA may also choose to modify its enforcement
discretion of elements of its single laboratory definition of LDTs which by strict interpretation would require the LDT
to have been designed at the single laboratory and not transferred from another research laboratory, as EsoGuard
was. 

Since
only EsoCheck is FDA cleared, we are not permitted to jointly market it with EsoGuard. This currently is not a significant obstacle to
our commercialization efforts, which are almost entirely devoted to marketing EsoGuard. EsoCheck is merely offered, free of charge, as
a generic esophageal cell collection device, which is FDA 510(k) cleared to be used to collect samples for any diagnostic test. We believe,
however, over the long-term, once our commercialization efforts have gain significant traction, it would be useful to jointly market
EsoGuard, used with EsoCheck, as a combined product. We therefore may, when resources permit, pursue FDA PMA approval for EsoGuard, when
used on samples collected with EsoCheck, which will allow us to jointly market them as well as provide protection against changes to
LDT regulation which could threaten our ability to market EsoGuard as an LDT. 

FDA
 Breakthrough Device is highly-coveted special designation under FDA s Breakthrough Devices Program, established pursuant
to the 21st Century Cures Act and the FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017, which seeks to offer patients and healthcare providers timely
access to medical devices which provide for more effective treatment or diagnosis of life-threatening or irreversibly debilitating
human disease or conditions by speeding up their development, assessment and review through (i) enhanced communications (ii) more
efficient and flexible clinical study design, including more favorable pre/post market data collection balance and (iii) priority review
of regulatory submissions. Once effective, MCIT would provide each Breakthrough Device with four years of national Medicare coverage
starting on the date of FDA market authorization. In February 2020 we were granted Breakthrough Device designation for EsoGuard on esophageal
samples collected using EsoCheck. Pursuant to this designation, we will be working with FDA to design an extension to our current screening
study to support an expanded indication to detect dysplastic BE, once FDA resumes Breakthrough Device meetings for IVD products, which
are currently on hold as the branch works to clear a Covid-19 pandemic related backlog. 

Before
and after approval or clearance in the United States, our products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA under the Federal
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and/or the Public Health Service Act, as well as by other regulatory bodies. FDA regulations govern,
among other things, the development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, safety, storage, recordkeeping, market clearance or approval,
advertising and promotion, import and export, marketing and sales, and distribution of medical devices and products. 

In
the United States, medical devices are subject to varying degrees of regulatory control and are classified in one of three classes depending
on the extent of controls the FDA determines are necessary to reasonably ensure their safety and efficacy: 

Class I: general controls, such as labeling
 and adherence to quality system regulations; 

Class II: special controls, pre-market notification
 (often referred to as a 510(k) application), specific controls such as performance standards, patient registries, post-market surveillance,
 additional controls such as labeling and adherence to quality system regulations; and 

Class III: special controls and approval of
 a de novo request or PMA application, likely with clinical data requirements. 

In
general, the higher the classification, the greater the time and cost to obtain approval to market. There are no standardized 
requirements for approval, even within each class. For example, FDA could grant 510(k) status, but require a human clinical trial, a
typical requirement of a PMA. They could also initially assign a device Class III status but end up clearing a device as a 510(k) device
if certain requirements are met. The range of the number and expense of the various requirements is significant. The quickest and least
expensive pathway would be 510(k) clearance with a review of existing bench and animal data. The longest and most expensive path would
be a PMA with extensive randomized human clinical trials. We cannot predict fully how FDA will classify our products, nor predict what
requirements will be placed upon us to obtain market clearance or approval, or even if they will clear or approve our products at all. 

To
request marketing authorization by means of a 510(k) clearance, we must submit a pre-market notification demonstrating that the proposed
device is substantially equivalent to another currently legally marketed medical device, has the same intended use, and is as safe and
effective as a currently legally marketed device and does not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness than does a currently
legally marketed device. 510(k) submissions generally include, among other things, a description of the device and its manufacturing,
device labeling, medical devices to which the device is substantially equivalent, safety and biocompatibility information, and the results
of performance testing. In some cases, a 510(k) submission must include data from human clinical studies. Marketing may commence only
when FDA issues a clearance letter finding substantial equivalence. After a device receives 510(k) clearance, any product modification
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the product, or that would constitute a significant change in intended
use, requires a new 510(k) clearance or, if the device would no longer be substantially equivalent, could require a de novo request or
PMA. In addition, any additional claims the Company wished to make at a later date may require a PMA. If FDA determines that the product
does not qualify for 510(k) clearance, they will issue a Not Substantially Equivalent letter, at which point the Company must submit
and FDA must approve a de novo request or PMA before marketing can begin. 

8 

During
the review of a 510(k) submission, FDA may request more information or additional studies and may decide that the indications for which
we seek approval or clearance should be limited. In addition, laws and regulations and the interpretation of those laws and regulations
by FDA may change in the future. We cannot foresee what effect, if any, such changes may have on us as a company. 

Clinical
Trials of Medical Devices and Diagnostic Tests 

One
or more clinical trials may be necessary to support an FDA submission. Clinical studies of unapproved or uncleared medical devices or
diagnostic tests being studied for uses for which they are not approved or cleared (investigational devices) must be conducted in compliance
with FDA requirements. If an investigational device could pose a significant risk to patients, the sponsor company must submit an Investigational
Device Exemption, or IDE application to FDA prior to initiation of the clinical study. An IDE application must be supported by appropriate
data, such as animal and laboratory test results, showing that it is safe to test the device on humans and that the testing protocol
is scientifically sound. The IDE is reviewed by FDA within 30 calendar days after receipt by FDA and FDA can issue a disapproval, conditional
approval or full approval for the study to begin depending on the remaining FDA questions following review. Clinical studies of investigational
devices may not begin until an IRB has approved the study. 

During
any study, the sponsor must comply with FDA s IDE requirements. These requirements include investigator selection, trial monitoring,
adverse event reporting, and record keeping. The investigators must obtain patient informed consent, rigorously follow the investigational
plan and study protocol, control the disposition of investigational devices, and comply with reporting and record keeping requirements.
We, FDA, or the IRB at each institution at which a clinical trial is being conducted may suspend a clinical trial at any time for various
reasons, including a belief that the subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable risk. During the approval or clearance process, FDA
typically inspects the records relating to the conduct of one or more investigational sites participating in the study supporting the
application. 

Post-Approval
Regulation of Medical Devices and Diagnostic Tests 

After
a device is cleared or approved for marketing, numerous regulatory requirements continue to apply. These include: 

FDA
 Quality Systems Regulation (QSR), which governs, among other things, how manufacturers design,
 test manufacture, exercise quality control over, and document manufacturing of their products; 
 
 labeling
 and claims regulations, which prohibit the promotion of products for unapproved or off-label 
 uses and impose other restrictions on labeling; and 
 
 the
 Medical Device Reporting regulation, which requires reporting to FDA of certain adverse experience
 associated with use of the product. 

We
will continue to be subject to inspection by FDA to determine our compliance with regulatory requirements. 

Manufacturing
cGMP Requirements 

Manufacturers
of medical devices are required to comply with FDA manufacturing requirements contained in FDA s current Good Manufacturing Practices
(cGMP) set forth in the quality system regulations promulgated under section 520 of the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. cGMP regulations
require, among other things, quality control and quality assurance as well as the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation.
Failure to comply with statutory and regulatory requirements subjects a manufacturer to possible legal or regulatory action, including
the seizure or recall of products, injunctions, consent decrees placing significant restrictions on or suspending manufacturing operations,
and civil and criminal penalties. Adverse experiences with the device must be reported to FDA and could result in the imposition of marketing
restrictions through labeling changes or in device withdrawal. Device clearances or approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory
requirements is not maintained or if problems concerning safety or efficacy of the product occur following the approval. We expect to
use contract manufacturers to manufacture our products for the foreseeable future we will therefore be dependent on their compliance
with these requirements to market our products. We work closely with our contract manufacturers to assure that our products are in strict
compliance with these regulations. 

Laboratory
Certification, Accreditation and Licensing 

Our
CLIA-certified laboratory is subject to U.S. and state laws and regulations regarding the operation of clinical laboratories. CLIA requirements
and laws of certain states, including those of California, New York, Maryland, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island and Florida, impose certification
requirements for clinical laboratories, and establish standards for quality assurance and quality control, among other things. CLIA provides
that a state may adopt different or more stringent regulations than federal law and permits states to apply for exemption from CLIA if
the state s laboratory laws are equivalent to, or more stringent than, CLIA. For example, the State of New York s clinical
laboratory regulations, which have received an exemption from CLIA, contain provisions that are in certain respects more stringent than
federal law. Therefore, as long as New York maintains a licensure program that is CLIA-exempt, we will need to comply with New York s
clinical laboratory regulations in order to offer our clinical laboratory products and services in New York. 

We
have current certificates to perform clinical laboratory testing. Clinical laboratories are subject to inspection by regulators and to
sanctions for failing to comply with applicable requirements. Sanctions available under CLIA and certain state laws include prohibiting
a laboratory from running tests, requiring a laboratory to implement a corrective plan, and imposing civil monetary penalties. If our
CLIA-certified laboratory fails to meet any applicable requirements of CLIA or state law, that failure could adversely affect any future
CMS consideration of our technologies, prevent their approval entirely, and/or interrupt the commercial sale of any products and services
and otherwise cause us to incur significant expense. 

9 

Other
U.S. Healthcare Regulation 

In
addition to FDA restrictions on marketing and promotion of drugs and devices, other federal and state laws restrict our business practices.
These laws include, without limitation, anti-kickback and false claims laws, data privacy and security laws, as well as transparency
laws regarding payments or other items of value provided to healthcare providers. 

Because
of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available under such laws, it is possible
that some of our business activities, including certain sales and marketing practices and the provision of certain items and services
to our customers, could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. If our operations are found to be in violation of any
of the health regulatory laws described above or any other laws that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including potentially
significant criminal and civil and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation
in government healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens, diminished profits and future earnings,
and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our
results of operations. To the extent that any of our products are sold in a foreign country, we may be subject to similar foreign laws,
which may include, for instance, applicable post-marketing requirements, including safety surveillance, anti-fraud and abuse laws and
implementation of corporate compliance programs and reporting of payments or transfers of value to healthcare professionals. 

Physician
Payment Sunshine Act 

There
has been a recent trend of increased federal and state regulation of payments and transfers of value provided to healthcare professionals
or entities. On February 8, 2013, the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, released its final rule implementing section
6002 of the Affordable Care Act known as the Physician Payment Sunshine Act that imposes new annual reporting requirements on device
manufacturers for payments and other transfers of value provided by them, directly or indirectly, to physicians and teaching hospitals,
as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their family members. A manufacturer s failure to submit timely,
accurately and completely the required information for all payments, transfers of value or ownership or investment interests may result
in civil monetary penalties of up to an aggregate of 150,000 per year, and up to an aggregate of 1 million per year
for knowing failures. Manufacturers that produces at least one product reimbursed by Medicare, Medicaid, or Children s
Health Insurance Program and (i) if the product is a drug or biological, and it requires a prescription (or physician s authorization)
to administer; or (ii) if the product is a device or medical supply, and it requires premarket approval or premarket notification by
the FDA are required to comply with the Open Payments (commonly referred to as the Sunshine Act) filing requirements under CMS. We currently
do not have any products covered by Medicare, Medicaid, or Children s Health Insurance Program as none of our products have premarket
approval or clearance notification. We expect once our products receive regulatory clearance, we will be required to comply with the
Sunshine Act provisions. 

Certain
states, such as California and Connecticut, also mandate implementation of commercial compliance programs, and other states, such as
Massachusetts and Vermont, impose restrictions on device manufacturer marketing practices and require tracking and reporting of gifts,
compensation and other remuneration to healthcare professionals and entities. The shifting commercial compliance environment and the
need to build and maintain robust and expandable systems to comply with different compliance or reporting requirements in multiple jurisdictions
increase the possibility a healthcare company may fail to comply fully with one or more of these requirements. 

Federal
Anti-Kickback Statute 

The
Federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration
(including any kickback, bribe or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing,
ordering or arranging for or recommending the purchase, lease or order of any good, facility, item or service reimbursable, in whole
or in part, under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. The term remuneration has been broadly interpreted
to include anything of value. Although there are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common
activities from prosecution, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly. Practices that involve remuneration that may be alleged
to be intended to induce prescribing, purchases or recommendations may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception
or safe harbor. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does
not make the conduct per se illegal under the Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a
case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all its facts and circumstances. Several courts have interpreted the statute s
intent requirement to mean that if any one purpose of an arrangement involving remuneration is to induce referrals of federal healthcare
covered business, the Anti-Kickback Statute has been violated. 

Additionally,
the intent standard under the Anti-Kickback Statute was amended by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended
by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, collectively the Affordable Care Act, to a stricter standard such that a
person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed
a violation. In addition, the Affordable Care Act codified case law that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation
of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act. 

Managing
the patient s journey through our upcoming EsoGuard Telemedicine Program and our Lucid Test Centers consistent with the provisions
of the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute requires very careful coordination between us and our third-party telemedicine partners, which each
entity operating within numerous standard operating procedures incorporated in our quality management system. We have established a costly
and substantial regulatory and compliance infrastructure for the Lucid Test Centers and EsoGuard Telemedicine Program, including retaining
multiple legal and regulatory consultants with specific expertise in this space, establishing and a special Quality Compliance
Committee of our board of directors to provide board-level oversight, and assuring that our contracts with our third-party telemedicine
partners comply with the law. 

10 

Federal
False Claims Act 

The
False Claims Act prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false or
fraudulent claim for payment or approval to the federal government or knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used a false record
or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government. A claim includes any request or demand 
for money or property presented to the U.S. government. The False Claims Act also applies to false submissions that cause the government
to be paid less than the amount to which it is entitled, such as a rebate. Intent to deceive is not required to establish liability under
the False Claims Act. Several pharmaceutical, device and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under these laws for, among
other things, allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the
product. Other companies have been prosecuted for causing false claims to be submitted because of the companies marketing of products
for unapproved, and thus noncovered uses. 

The
processing of EsoGuard tests and submissions of claims consistent with the provisions of the Federal False Claims Act, especially for
patients who pass through our EsoGuard Telemedicine Program and our Lucid Test Centers, requires very careful coordination between us
and our third-party telemedicine partners broadly operating within numerous standard operating procedures incorporated in our quality
management system. We have established a costly and substantial regulatory and compliance infrastructure for the Lucid Test Centers and
EsoGuard Telemedicine Program, including retaining multiple legal and regulatory consultants with specific expertise in this space, establishing
and a special Quality Compliance Committee of our board of directors to provide board-level oversight, and assuring that our contracts
with our third-party telemedicine comply with the law. 

The
government may further prosecute, as a crime, conduct constituting a false claim under the False Claims Act. The False Claims Act prohibits
the making or presenting of a claim to the government knowing such claim to be false, fictitious, or fraudulent and, unlike civil claims
under the False Claims Act, requires proof of intent to submit a false claim. 

The
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 

The
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or the FCPA, prohibits any U.S. individual or business from paying, offering, or authorizing
payment or offering of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign official, political party or candidate for the purpose
of influencing any act or decision of the foreign entity in order to assist the individual or business in obtaining or retaining business.
The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the United States to comply with accounting provisions requiring the
company to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions of the corporation, including international
subsidiaries, and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls for international operations. Activities
that violate the FCPA, even if they occur wholly outside the United States, can result in criminal and civil fines, imprisonment, disgorgement,
oversight, and debarment from government contracts. 

Healthcare
Reform 

Current
and future legislative proposals to further reform healthcare or reduce healthcare costs may result in lower reimbursement for our products,
or for the procedures associated with the use of our products, or limit coverage of our products. The cost containment measures that
payors and providers are instituting and the effect of any healthcare reform initiative implemented in the future could significantly
reduce our revenues from the sale of our products. Alternatively, the shift away from fee-for-service agreements to capitated payment
models may support the value of our products which can be shown to decrease resource utilization and lead to cost saving-for both payors
and providers. 

HIPAA
and Other Privacy Laws 

The
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical
Health Act HIPAA established comprehensive protection for the privacy and security of health information. The HIPAA standards
apply to three types of organizations, or Covered Entities : health plans, healthcare clearinghouses, and healthcare providers
that conduct certain healthcare transactions electronically. Covered Entities and their business associates must have in place administrative,
physical, and technical standards to guard against the misuse of individually identifiable health information. Some of our activities,
including at our Lucid Test Centers and within our clinical trials, involve interactions with patients and their health information which
implicate HIPAA. Our activities also involve us entering into specific kinds of relationships with Covered Entities and business associates
of Covered Entities, which also implicate HIPAA. Penalties for violations of HIPAA include civil money and criminal penalties. 

Our
activities must also comply with other applicable privacy laws, which impose restrictions on the access, use and disclosure of personal
information. More state and international privacy laws are being adopted. Many state laws are not preempted by HIPAA because they are
more stringent or are broader in scope than HIPAA. Since 2020 we have also had to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of
2018, which protects personal information other than health information covered by HIPAA. In the E.U., the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR took effect in May 2018 and imposes increasingly stringent data protection and privacy rules. All of these laws
may impact our business and may change periodically, which could have an effect on our business operations if compliance becomes substantially
costlier than under current requirements. Our failure to comply with these privacy laws or significant changes in the laws restricting
our ability to obtain stool, blood and other patient samples and associated patient information could significantly impact our business
and our future business plans. 

11 

Self-Referral
Law 

The
federal self-referral law, commonly referred to as the Stark law, provides that physicians who, personally
or through a family member, have ownership interests in or compensation arrangements with a laboratory are prohibited from making a referral
to that laboratory for laboratory tests reimbursable by Medicare, and also prohibits laboratories from submitting a claim for Medicare
payments for laboratory tests referred by physicians who, personally or through a family member, have ownership interests in or compensation
arrangements with the testing laboratory. The Stark law contains a number of specific exceptions which, if met, permit physicians who
have ownership or compensation arrangements with a testing laboratory to make referrals to that laboratory and permit the laboratory
to submit claims for Medicare payments for laboratory tests performed pursuant to such referrals. We are subject to comparable state
laws, some of which apply to all payors regardless of source of payment, and do not contain identical exceptions to the Stark law. 

International
Regulation 

In
order to market any of our products outside of the United States, we would need to comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements
of other countries and jurisdictions regarding quality, safety and efficacy and governing, among other things, clinical trials, marketing
authorization, commercial sales and distribution of our products. We may be subject to regulations and product registration requirements
in the areas of product standards, packaging requirements, labeling requirements, import and export restrictions and tariff regulations,
duties and tax requirements. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a product, we would need to obtain the necessary approvals by
the comparable foreign regulatory authorities before we can commence clinical trials or marketing of the product in foreign countries
and jurisdictions. The time required to obtain clearance required by foreign countries may be longer or shorter than that required for
FDA clearance, and requirements for licensing a product in a foreign country may differ significantly from FDA requirements. 

European
Union 

We
recently received CE Mark certification for EsoCheck under MDD and completed CE Mark self-certification for EsoGuard, which qualifies
as a General IVD, under IVDD, indicating that both may be marketed in CE Mark European countries, namely the European Economic Area (the
European Union, Norway, Iceland, and Lichtenstein), Switzerland, and, until July 1, 2023, the United Kingdom. 

MDD
refers to Medical Device Directive 93/42/EEC, which for nearly three decades provided the essential requirements and conformity assessment
procedure that medical devices must undergo to be affixed with a CE Mark and sold in CE Mark European countries. MDD is now obsolete
and has been replaced by MDR. MDR refers to Regulation (EU) 2017/745 and incorporates several new concepts and registrations, stricter
oversight of manufacturers by notified bodies, universal device identification (UDI) marking, and increased post-market surveillance
requirements. 

Similarly,
IVDD refers to In-Vitro Diagnostic Medical Devices Directive (98/79/EC), which for over twenty years has provided the essential requirements
and conformity assessment procedure that in-vitro diagnostic medical devices must undergo to be affixed with a CE Mark and sold in CE
Mark European countries. On May 26, 2022, IVDD will be replaced by IVDR, which refers to Regulation (EU) 2017/746, and has an expanded
scope, risk-based classification, more rigorous clinical evidence and surveillance requirements, and more stringent documentation. 

Both
MDR and IVDR have sunset provisions for medical device and IVD certifications under MDD and IVD, respectively. Both EsoGuard and EsoCheck
will require recertification under their stricter regulations in the coming years. Failure to secure these recertifications under MDR
and IVDR will halt our ability to commercialize our products in the CE Mark European countries. As these are entirely new regulations,
the cost, time and risk associated with these recertifications is difficult to predict. 

In
addition, the United Kingdom, which is a major target market for us, has left the European Union Brexit and will transition
from CE Mark certification to its own UKCA mark certification. We will need to secure UKCA mark certification for EsoGuard and EsoCheck
before their CE Mark certifications expire in the UK. Since this is an entirely new process, it is difficult to predict the cost, time
and risk associated with transitioning to UKCA certification. 

In
the European Union, the manufacture of medical devices is subject to good manufacturing practice (GMP), as set forth in the relevant
laws and guidelines of the European Union and its member states. Compliance with GMP is generally assessed by the competent regulatory
authorities. Typically, quality system evaluation is performed by a Notified Body, which also recommends to the relevant competent authority
for the European Community CE Marking of a device. The Competent Authority may conduct inspections of relevant facilities, and review
manufacturing procedures, operating systems and personnel qualifications. Each device manufacturing facility must be audited on a periodic
basis by the Notified Body. Further inspections may occur over the life of the product. 

Any
action against us for violation of these or similar foreign laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur
significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. 

12 

Other
Laws 

Occupational
Safety and Health 

In
addition to its comprehensive regulation of health and safety in the workplace in general, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration
has established extensive requirements aimed specifically at laboratories and other healthcare-related facilities. In addition, because
our operations may require employees to use certain hazardous chemicals, we also must comply with regulations on hazard communication
and hazardous chemicals in laboratories. These regulations require us, among other things, to develop written programs and plans, which
must address methods for preventing and mitigating employee exposure, the use of personal protective equipment, and training. 

Specimen
Transportation 

Our
commercialization activities for EsoGuard subject us to regulations of the Department of Transportation, the United States Postal Service,
and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention that apply to the surface and air transportation of clinical laboratory specimens. 

Environmental 

The
cost of compliance with federal, state and local provisions related to the protection of the environment has had no material effect on
our Diagnostics business. There were no material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities in the years ended December
31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Employees 

Currently,
as of March 9, 2023 we have 74 employees (all of whom are full-time employees), inclusive of our executive officers our
Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer CEO ), our President and Chief Financial Officer CFO ),
our Chief Operating Officer COO ), and our General Counsel and Secretary General Counsel ). In addition,
we are obligated to reimburse PAVmed for certain payroll benefit and expenses related to our employees pursuant to the PBERA, which may be settled in shares of our common stock, at PAVmed s election. No employees
are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 

Corporate
Information 

We
were incorporated in Delaware on May 8, 2018. Our corporate offices are located at 360 Madison Avenue, 25th Floor, New York, NY 10017,
and our telephone number is (212) 949-4319. 

Available
Information 

We
make available free of charge through our website (www.luciddx.com) our periodic reports and registration statements filed with the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q,
Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We make these reports available through our website as soon as reasonably
practicable after we electronically file such reports with, or furnish such reports to the SEC. 

We
also make available, free of charge on our website, the reports filed with the SEC by our named executive officers, directors, and 10 
stockholders pursuant to Section 16 under the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after those filings are provided to us by
those persons. The public also may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F
Street, NE., Washington, DC 20549, on official business days during the hours of 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. The public may obtain information
on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov)
that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding us that we file electronically with the SEC. 

Our
website address is www.luciddx.com. The content of our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
nor in any other report or document we file or furnish with and /or submit to the SEC, and any reference to our website are intended
to be inactive textual references only. 

13 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

The
following risk factors and other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be carefully considered. The risks and
uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or we presently
deem less significant may also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition,
results of operations and future growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 

Risks
Factor Summary 

Our
business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should consider before investing in our common stock. These risks are
described more fully below and include, but are not limited to, risks relating to the following: 

Risks
Associated with Our Financial Condition 

We
 have incurred operating losses since our inception and may not be able to achieve profitability. 
 
 Our
 quarterly operating results could be subject to significant fluctuation, which could increase
 the volatility of our stock price and cause losses to our stockholders. 
 
 The March 2023 Senior Convertible Note has not been issued, and it may not be issued, including if certain closing conditions
to the issuance of such note are not satisfied. 
 
 Servicing
 our indebtedness may require a significant amount of cash, and the restrictive covenants
 contained in our indebtedness could adversely affect our business plan, liquidity, financial
 condition, and results of operations. 

Risks
Associated with Our Business 

Since
 we have a limited operating history, and have not generated any significant revenues to date,
 you will have little basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 
 
 The
 markets in which we operate are attractive and other companies or institutions may develop
 and market novel or improved technologies, which may make the EsoGuard or EsoCheck technologies
 less competitive or obsolete. 
 
 We
 expect to derive substantially all of our revenues from the EsoGuard and EsoCheck products. 
 
 We
 are highly dependent on the License Agreement, the termination of which would prevent us
 from commercializing our products, and which imposes significant obligations on us. 
 
 Our
 products may never achieve market acceptance. 
 
 The
 sizes of the markets for our current and future products have not been established with precision,
 and may be smaller than we estimate. 
 
 Recommendations
 in published clinical practice guidelines issued by various organizations, including professional
 societies and federal agencies may significantly affect payors willingness to cover,
 and physicians willingness to prescribe, our products and services. 
 
 We
 or our third-party manufacturers may not have the manufacturing and processing capacity to
 meet the production requirements of consumer demand or clinical testing in a timely manner. 
 
 Our
 EsoGuard test is performed in a single commercial clinical laboratory facility. If demand
 for our EsoGuard test grows, we may lack adequate facility space and capabilities to meet
 increased processing requirements. Moreover, if these or any future facilities or their equipment
 were damaged or destroyed, or if we experience a significant disruption in our commercial
 clinical laboratory operations for any reason, our ability to continue to operate our business
 could be materially harmed. 
 
 We
 may remain dependent on the sales and marketing efforts of third parties if we are unable
 to or choose not to develop an extensive sales and marketing staff and other resources. 
 
 Our
 results of operations can be adversely affected by labor shortages, turnover, and labor cost
 increases. 
 
 We
 expect to rely on courier delivery services to transport EsoCheck devices and EsoGuard Specimen
 Kits to physicians and other medical professionals and samples back to laboratory facilities
 for analysis. If these delivery services are disrupted or become prohibitively expensive,
 customer satisfaction and our business could be negatively impacted. 
 
 If
 we attempt to bring any other products or services to market in addition to the EsoGuard
 test and EsoCheck device, we likely will be required to make significant investments in research
 and development, which ultimately may prove unsuccessful. Our future performance may be affected
 by the success of products we have not yet developed, licensed, acquired. 
 
 Our
 officers may allocate their time to other businesses thereby potentially limiting the amount
 of time they devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact
 on our operations. 
 
 Our
 ability to be successful will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. 
 
 Our
 officers and directors have fiduciary obligations to other companies and, accordingly, may
 have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity
 should be presented. 
 
 Our
 business may suffer if we are unable to manage our growth. 
 
 Our
 business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by the
 political and economic conditions of the countries in which we conduct business. 
 
 Our
 business may be adversely affected by health epidemics and or pandemics, including the COVID-19
 pandemic. 
 
 We
 may engage in acquisitions that are not successful and which could disrupt our business,
 cause dilution to our stockholders and reduce our financial resources. 
 
 Adverse
 results in material litigation matters could have a material adverse effect upon our business. 

14 

Risks
Associated with Healthcare Regulation, Billing and Reimbursement, and Product Safety and Effectiveness. 

Our
 ability to market EsoGuard, or any other IVD product that we may develop, license, or acquire,
 as LDTs without FDA approval, is entirely dependent on FDA continuing to exercise enforcement
 discretion with regard to requiring premarket review of LDTs. If FDA ceases to exercise,
 or modifies how it exercises, this discretion through guidance documents, formal rulemaking,
 departmental directive, executive order or pursuant to legislation, we may be abruptly forced
 to halt commercialization of these diagnostic tests until we are able satisfy FDA s
 modified enforcement regime, or until we secure FDA approval for these IVD products. 
 
 If
 we fail to maintain CLIA-certification or otherwise meet the applicable requirements of federal
 or state law regulating commercial clinical laboratories, such failure could limit or prevent
 our ability to perform our EsoGuard test, or any other tests which we may develop, license
 or acquire, affect any payor consideration of such tests, prevent their clearance or approval
 entirely, and/or interrupt the commercial sale and/or marketing of any such tests, cause
 us to incur significant expense to remedy this failure and otherwise negatively impact our
 business. 
 
 EsoGuard,
 or any other IVD product without FDA approval we may develop, license, or acquire and market
 as an LDT, may not be jointly marketed as a combined product with EsoCheck without first
 securing FDA approval of the combined product as an IVD device. If FDA deems that we are
 jointly marketing such an IVD product with EsoCheck without FDA approval of the combined
 product as an IVD device, we would be subject to FDA enforcement action which could limit
 or halt commercialization of our products, and result in FDA sanctions which could severely
 impact our business. 
 
 Securing
 FDA approval of EsoGuard, or any other IVD product we may develop, license, or acquire, as
 an IVD device, separately or as a combined product with EsoCheck, is a complex process requiring
 substantial time, commitment of resources and expense without any assurance that FDA will
 grant such approval. 
 
 Failure
 to obtain regulatory approvals in foreign jurisdictions will prevent us from marketing our
 products internationally. 
 
 Modifications
 to our cleared or approved products may require new clearances or premarket approvals, or
 may require us to cease marketing or recall the modified products until clearances are obtained. 
 
 Clinical
 trials necessary to support regulatory submission will be expensive and will require the
 enrollment of large numbers of patients, and suitable patients may be difficult to identify
 and recruit. Delays or failures in our clinical trials will prevent us from expanding our
 commercial efforts and will adversely affect our business, operating results and prospects. 
 
 The
 results of our clinical trials may not support our product candidate claims or may result
 in the discovery of adverse side effects. 
 
 If
 our clinical studies do not satisfy providers, payors, patients and others as to the reliability
 and performance of our EsoGuard test and the EsoCheck device, or any other product or service
 we may develop and seek to commercialize, we may experience reluctance or refusal on the
 part of physicians to order, and third-party payors to pay for, such test. 
 
 If
 the validity of an informed consent for a clinical trial of one of our products was challenged,
 we could be subject to fines, penalties, litigation, or regulatory sanctions, or other adverse
 consequences, including invalidating or requiring us to repeat clinical trials which could
 negatively affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 EsoCheck
 and any other products we develop that receive regulatory clearance or approval will be subject
 to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant
 additional expense and subject us to penalties if we fail to comply with applicable regulatory
 requirements. 
 
 If
 we are found to be promoting the use of our devices for unapproved or off-label 
 uses or engaging in other noncompliant activities, we may be subject to recalls, seizures,
 fines, penalties, injunctions, adverse publicity, prosecution, or other adverse actions,
 resulting in damage to our reputation and business. 
 
 Clinical
 laboratories and medical diagnostic companies are subject to extensive and frequently changing
 federal, state, and local laws. We could be subject to significant fines and penalties if
 we fail (or if our prior unrelated third-party laboratory partner previously failed) to comply
 with these laws and regulations. 
 
 We
 operate patient service centers where prescribing physicians can send patients for EsoGuard
 testing, including undergoing specimen collection using EsoCheck. These patient service centers
 are subject to federal and state regulations which may be burdensome, costly or difficult
 to comply with. Failure to comply with these regulations could result in sanctions, fines
 or other enforcement actions which may be costly, time-consuming and limit our ability to
 utilize them and adversely impact our business. 
 
 We
 intend to engage with one or more third-party telemedicine companies to provide physicians
 to evaluate patients who respond to our direct-to-consumer DTC marketing
 activities seeking EsoGuard testing and, if clinically indicated, refer the patient to our
 patient service centers to undergo EsoCheck specimen collection for EsoGuard testing. Telemedicine,
 and its specific use in conjunction with DTC, is subject to numerous federal and state regulations
 and faces particularly intense scrutiny by these regulators. If we fail to comply with federal
 healthcare regulations, we could face substantial penalties, sanctions, fines or prosecution
 and our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 Many
 aspects of our business, beyond the specific elements described above, are subject to complex,
 intertwined, costly and/or burdensome federal health care laws and regulations which may
 open to interpretation and be subject to varying levels of discretionary enforcement. If
 we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we could face substantial penalties and
 our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 If
 private or governmental third-party payors do not maintain reimbursement for our products
 at adequate reimbursement rates, we may be unable to successfully commercialize our products
 which would limit or slow our revenue generation and likely have a material adverse effect
 on our business. 
 
 The
 regulations that govern pricing and reimbursement for new products vary widely from country
 to country, and may adversely affect the pricing, coverage and reimbursement rates of our
 products in other countries. 
 
 Due
 to billing complexities in the diagnostic and laboratory service industry, we may not be
 able to collect payment for the EsoGuard tests we perform. 
 
 Healthcare
 reform measures could hinder or prevent our products commercial success. 
 
 Our
 medical products may in the future be subject to product recalls that could harm our reputation,
 business, and financial results. 

15 

If
 our medical products cause or contribute to a death or a serious injury, or malfunction in
 certain ways, we will be subject to medical device reporting regulations, which can result
 in voluntary corrective actions or agency enforcement actions. 
 
 Product
 liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to limit
 commercialization of our products. 
 
 Compliance
 with the HIPAA security, privacy and breach notification regulations may increase our costs. 

Risks
Associated with Our Intellectual Property and Technology Infrastructure 

We
 may not be able to protect or enforce the intellectual property rights for the technology
 used in, or expected to be used in, our products, which could impair our competitive position. 
 
 We
 may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims by third parties which could
 be costly to defend, divert management s attention and resources, and may result in
 liability. 
 
 Competitors
 may violate the intellectual property rights for the technology used in, or expected to be
 used in, our products, and we may bring litigation to protect and enforce our intellectual
 property rights, which may result in substantial expense and may divert our attention from
 implementing our business strategy. 
 
 Failure
 in our information technology systems could significantly disrupt our operations and our
 research and development efforts, which could adversely impact our revenues, as well as our
 research, development and commercialization efforts. 
 
 Our
 internal computer systems, or those used by our third-party research institution collaborators,
 vendors or other contractors or consultants, may suffer security breaches. 

Risks
Associated with Our Relationship with PAVmed 

PAVmed,
 owns a majority of our voting stock and thus may control certain actions requiring a stockholder
 vote. 
 
 Certain
 conflicts of interest may arise between us and our affiliated companies, including PAVmed,
 and in some cases we have waived certain rights with respect thereto. 
 
 Our
 ability to operate our business effectively may suffer if the MSA with PAVmed is insufficient
 to meet our needs or if, upon the termination of the MSA, we do not cost-effectively establish
 our own fully functional financial, administrative, operational and other support systems
 in order to operate as a stand-alone company. 
 
 In
 order to preserve the ability for PAVmed to distribute its shares of our common stock on
 a tax-free basis for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may be prevented from pursuing
 opportunities to raise capital, to effectuate acquisitions or to provide equity incentives
 to our employees, which could hurt our ability to grow. 
 
 Any
 disputes that arise between us and PAVmed with respect to our past and ongoing relationships
 could harm our business operations. 

Risks
Associated with Ownership of Our Common Stock 

We
 may issue shares of our capital stock or debt securities in the future which could reduce
 the equity interest of our stockholders and might cause a change in control of our ownership. 
 
 If
 securities or industry analysts do not publish research, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable
 research, about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 
 Nasdaq
 may in the future delist our common stock, which could limit investors ability to
 make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 
 
 Our
 stock price may be volatile, and purchasers of our common stock could incur substantial losses. 
 
 We
 do not intend to pay any dividends on our common stock at this time. 
 
 We
 will incur significantly increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and
 our management will be required to devote substantial time to compliance initiatives. 
 
 If
 we fail to establish and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting,
 investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and
 the market price of our common stock could decline significantly. 
 
 We
 are subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure expectations and regulations
 that impact compliance costs and risks of noncompliance. 
 
 We
 are an emerging growth company, and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting
 requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive
 to investors. 
 
 Provisions
 in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us
 more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current
 management. 
 
 Our
 charter provides, subject to limited exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State
 of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation matters,
 which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for
 disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or stockholders. 

16 

Risks
Associated with Our Financial Condition 

We
have incurred operating losses since our inception and may not be able to achieve profitability. 

We
have incurred net losses since our inception. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 56.2
million and 28.1 million, respectively. Our ability to generate sufficient revenue from any of our products in development, and to transition
to profitability and generate consistent positive cash flows is dependent upon factors that may be outside of our control. We expect
that our operating expenses will continue to increase as we continue to develop, pursue regulatory clearance or approval for and commercialize
our products, build our manufacturing, sales and other commercial infrastructure, and incur additional operational and reporting costs
associated with being a public company. As a result, we expect to continue to incur operating losses for the foreseeable future. 

We
are subject to all of the risks and uncertainties typically faced by a medical device and diagnostic company devoting substantially all
its efforts to the commercialization of its initial products and services and ongoing research and development activities and clinical
trials. 

We
may need substantial additional funding and may be unable to raise capital when needed, which could force us to delay, reduce, eliminate
or abandon growth initiatives or product development programs. 

We
intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth, and we may require additional funds to: 

continue
 our research and development including existing and new clinical trials; 
 
 pursue
 additional regulatory clearances and approvals for our products; 
 
 protect
 our intellectual property rights or defend, in litigation or otherwise, any claims that we
 infringe third-party patents or other intellectual property rights; 
 
 fund
 our operations; 
 
 manufacture
 and distribute our products; and 
 
 promote
 market acceptance of our products. 

Our
need for additional funds may be affected by: 

the
 cost and timing of expanding our sales, marketing and distribution capabilities; 
 
 the
 effect of competing technological and market developments; and 
 
 the
 extent to which we acquire or invest in businesses, products and technologies, although we
 currently have no commitments or agreements relating to any of these types of transactions. 

Debt
or preferred stock financing, if available, may involve covenants restricting our operations or our ability to incur additional debt
or issue additional preferred stock, and may contain other terms that are not favorable to us or our stockholders. Additional equity
financing may result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders. If we do not have, or are not able to obtain, sufficient funds,
we may have to delay product development initiatives or license to third parties the rights to commercialize products or technologies
that we would otherwise seek to market. We also may have to reduce manufacturing, distribution, marketing, customer support or other
resources devoted to our products. 

Our
quarterly operating results could be subject to significant fluctuation, which could increase the volatility of our stock price and cause
losses to our stockholders. 

Our
results of operations, including our revenue and profits, assuming we are able to successfully commercialize the EsoGuard and EsoCheck
products, may fluctuate significantly, depending on a variety of factors, including the following: 

our
 success in marketing and selling, and changes in demand for, our products, and the level
 of reimbursement and collection obtained for our products; 
 
 seasonal
 variations affecting physician recommendations for esophageal precancer and cancer screenings
 and patient compliance with physician recommendations, including without limitation holidays,
 weather events, and circumstances such as the outbreak of COVID-19, influenza or other disease
 that may limit patient access to medical practices for preventive services such as esophageal
 precancer and cancer screening; 
 
 our
 success in collecting payments from third-party payors, patients and collaborative partners,
 variation in the timing of these payments and recognition of these payments as revenues; 
 
 the
 pricing of our products, including potential changes in CMS reimbursement rates or other
 reimbursement rates; 
 
 circumstances
 affecting our ability to provide our products, including weather events, supply shortages,
 or regulatory or other circumstances that adversely affect our ability to manufacture our
 products or process tests in our clinical laboratory; 
 
 fluctuations
 in the amount and timing of our selling and marketing costs and our ability to manage costs
 and expenses and effectively implement our business; and 
 
 our
 research and development activities, including the timing of costly clinical trials. 

The
March 2023 Senior Convertible Note has not been issued, and it may not be issued, including if certain closing conditions to the issuance
of such note are not satisfied. 

On
March 13, 2023, we entered into the SPA, pursuant to which we anticipate issuing the March 2023 Senior Convertible Note. However, such
issuance is subject to certain closing conditions, some of which are outside of our control. If any of the closing conditions to the
issuance of the March 2023 Senior Convertible Note are not met, or if the Investor fails to purchase the March 2023 Senior Convertible
Note when required to do so under the SPA, the note may not be issued. 

Servicing
our indebtedness may require a significant amount of cash, and the restrictive covenants contained in our indebtedness could adversely
affect our business plan, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We
may be required to repay or redeem, or to pay interest on, the March 2023 Senior Convertible Note (if issued) or any future
permitted indebtedness incurred by us or our subsidiaries, in cash. Despite our right to pay the interest and principal balance of
the March 2023 Senior Convertible Note (if issued) by issuing shares of our common stock, we may be required to repay such
indebtedness in cash, if we do not meet certain customary equity conditions (including minimum price and volume thresholds) or in
certain other circumstances. For example, we may be required to repay the outstanding principal balance and accrued but unpaid
interest, along with a premium, upon the occurrence of certain changes of control or an event of default. 

17 

Our
ability to make payments of the principal of, to pay interest on, or to redeem our indebtedness in cash, depends on our future performance,
which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. We have not generated material revenue from
operations to date, and our business may not generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to service our indebtedness
and make necessary capital expenditures. In addition, the March 2023 Senior Convertible Note (if issued) would contain, and any future indebtedness may
contain, restrictive covenants, including financial covenants. These payment obligations and covenants could have important consequences
on our business. In particular, they could: 

require
 us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our
 indebtedness; 
 
 limit,
 among other things, our ability to borrow additional funds and otherwise raise additional
 capital, and our ability to conduct acquisitions, joint, ventures or similar arrangements,
 as a result of our obligations to make such payments and comply with the restrictive covenants
 in the indebtedness; 
 
 limit
 our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the industries
 in which we operate; 
 
 increase
 our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; and 
 
 place
 us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have lower fixed costs. 

The
debt service requirements of any other permitted indebtedness we incur or issue in the future, as well as the restrictive covenants contained
in the governing documents for any such indebtedness, could intensify these risks. 

If
we are unable to make the required cash payments, there could be a default under one or more of the instruments governing our indebtedness.
Any such default or acceleration may further result in an event of default and acceleration of our other indebtedness. In such event,
or if a default otherwise occurs under our indebtedness, including as a result of our failure to comply with the financial or other covenants
contained therein, the holders of our indebtedness could require us to immediately repay the outstanding principal and interest on such
indebtedness in cash, in some cases subject to a premium. Furthermore, the holders of our secured indebtedness could foreclose on their
security interests in our assets. 

If
we are required to make payments under our indebtedness in cash and are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations, we may
be required to sell assets, or we may seek to refinance the remaining balance, by either refinancing with the holder of the indebtedness,
by raising sufficient funds through a sale of equity or debt securities or by obtaining a credit facility. No assurances can be given
that we will be successful in making the required payments under our indebtedness, or in refinancing our obligations on favorable terms,
or at all. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. A failure
to refinance could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial position, and results of operations. Should we refinance,
it could be dilutive to shareholders or impose onerous terms on us. 

Risks
Associated with Our Business 

Since
we have a limited operating history, and have not generated any significant revenues to date, you will have little basis upon which to
evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Since
we have a limited operating history, and have not generated any significant revenues, you will have little basis upon which to evaluate
our ability to achieve our business objective. We are subject to all of the problems, expenses, delays and other risks inherent in any
new business, as well as problems inherent in establishing name recognition and business reputation. 

18 

The
markets in which we operate are attractive and other companies or institutions may develop and market novel or improved technologies,
which may make the EsoGuard or EsoCheck technologies less competitive or obsolete. 

Given
the large market opportunity for esophageal precancer screening we may face multiple competitors in the future, some of which possess
significantly greater financial and other resources and development capabilities than us. Our EsoGuard test may face competition from
new biomarkers also designed to detect esophageal precancer and conditions along the BE-EAC spectrum. 

The
Mayo Clinic and Exact Sciences Inc. (Nasdaq: EXAS) have published preliminary data on such biomarkers and have publicly expressed a commitment
to advancing them to commercialization. Investigators at Johns Hopkins University associated with a privately held firm called Capsulomics
LLC have published limited data on methylation biomarkers for BE. Of note, both groups used the EsophaCap sponge-on-a-string 
cell collection device. 

Other
manufactures have developed noninvasive esophageal cell collection devices most notably sponge-on-a-string devices which
may compete with EsoCheck. One such device, Cytosponge, previously marketed by in the U.S. by Medtronic Inc. (NYSE: MDT), which is similar
to EsophaCap, the device we acquired in our acquisition of CapNostics LLC and is utilized almost exclusively for clinical research, is
a spherical mesh sponge encapsulated in soluble gelatin that dissolves in the stomach. The expanded sponge brushes the lining of the
esophagus as it is withdrawn and retrieved. Although, unlike EsoCheck, this device does not provide anatomic targeting nor protect their
sample from dilution and contamination during device withdrawal, future biomarkers may have sufficient sensitivity to detect BE-EAC despite
such dilution and contamination. Manufacturers may also be developing new tools that have not yet been announced that provide noninvasive
esophageal cell sampling with the same or better protection from dilution and contamination as EsoCheck. 

Several
well-capitalized companies are developing liquid biopsy tests for early cancer detection based on circulating tumor DNA.
Although none of these tests yet purport to detect early precancer in the bloodstream, technological advances could result in sufficient
sensitivity to do so generally and for conditions along the BE-EAC spectrum. Such advances could put EsoGuard and EsoCheck at a significant
competitive disadvantage in the esophageal precancer screening market as it would be logistically much simpler to send the patient for
a routine blood draw instead of a specialized office procedure like EsoCheck, and patients would generally prefer such a blood draw over
even a noninvasive procedure such as EsoCheck. 

Additional,
still unproven, technologies with the potential to compete with EsoGuard and EsoCheck in the future, include breath tests and oral tests
which may be capable of identifying the presence of BE. For example, there is early data to suggest that an electric nose 
device which measures volatile organic compounds (VOCs) developed by Aeonose, The eNose Company, based in the Netherlands, may be able
to identify patients with BE. Preliminary published data from Columbia University School of Medicine found differences in the oral bacterial
microbiome, obtain with a simple saliva sample or oral swab, may correlate with the presence of BE. 

Although
there can be no assurance that we will pursue the development of any products other than EsoGuard and EsoCheck, if we seek to develop
other products, we may need to compete with a broad range of organizations in the U.S. and other countries that are engaged in the development,
production and commercialization of diagnostic products and services. These competitors include biotechnology, diagnostic and other life
science companies; academic and scientific institutions, governmental agencies, and public and private research organizations. 

We
may be unable to compete effectively against our competitors either because their products and services are superior or more cost efficient,
or because they have access to greater resources than us. Our potential competitors may have substantially greater financial, marketing,
sales, distribution, manufacturing, and technological resources. These competitors may also have broader product lines and greater name
recognition than we do. Many of these competitors will have obtained FDA or other regulatory clearances or approvals, and patent protection,
for their products, or are in the process of seeking such clearances, approvals, and protection. Certain of our potential competitors
may commercialize their products in advance of our products. In addition, our competitors may make technical advances that render our
products obsolete. We may be unable to respond to such technical advances, especially given our focus on the EsoGuard and EsoCheck technology.
Although there can be no assurance that we will pursue the development of any products other than EsoGuard and EsoCheck, even if we do
develop new marketable products or services, our current and future competitors may develop products and services that are more commercially
attractive than ours, and they may bring those products and services to market earlier or more effectively than us. 

We
expect to derive substantially all of our revenues from the EsoGuard and EsoCheck products. 

Although
we may develop additional products based on the technology underlying our EsoGuard and EsoCheck products, or other related technologies
we develop, license, or acquire, we presently expect to derive substantially all of our revenues from sales of our EsoGuard and EsoCheck
products. As such, any factor adversely affecting sales of our products, including the product development and release cycles, regulatory
issues, intellectual property rights issues, market acceptance, product competition, performance and reliability, reputation, price competition
and economic and market conditions, and the other factors discussed in this filing, could adversely affect our business prospects, financial
condition and results of operations, and could threaten the viability of our business. 

We
are highly dependent on the License Agreement, the termination of which would prevent us from commercializing our products, and which
imposes significant obligations on us. 

We
are highly dependent on the intellectual property licensed from CWRU, pursuant to which we license the technology underlying our EsoGuard
and EsoCheck products. Other products or services we may develop also may rely on the same technology. In the event that we default in
the payment of any amount when due under the License Agreement, and such amount is not paid within 30 days of notice of nonpayment, CWRU
may terminate the exclusivity of the license or terminate the License Agreement in full. Furthermore, if we breach the agreement, including
by failing to use our commercially best efforts to achieve the milestones prescribed by the agreement, and we do not cure such breach
within the applicable time period, in addition to seeking damages, CWRU could terminate the License Agreement. Any termination of the
License Agreement resulting in the loss of the licensed rights would prevent us from marketing and selling the EsoGuard and EsoCheck
products and any other products or services we may develop based on the same underlying technology. Any termination of the exclusivity
of the license could damage our competitive position within the marketplace. In addition, disputes may also arise between us and CWRU
regarding the License Agreement. If any such dispute results in an impairment of our ability to use the intellectual property, we may
be unable to commercialize the EsoGuard and EsoCheck products and any other product or service we may develop based on the same underlying
technology. Accordingly, any such termination or dispute could threaten the viability of our business. 

19 

Our
products may never achieve market acceptance. 

To
date, we have not generated any significant revenues. Our ability to generate revenues from product sales and to achieve profitability
will depend upon our ability to successfully commercialize the EsoGuard and EsoCheck products and any other products, tests or services
we develop. Because we have just begun to offer our products, tests or services for sale, we have no basis to predict whether any of
our products will achieve market acceptance. A number of factors may limit the market acceptance of any of our products, including: 

the
 effectiveness, reliability and safety of our products, including any potential side effects,
 and the other competitive features of our products, including price, as compared to alternatives; 
 
 the
 rate of adoption of our products by hospitals, doctors and nurses and acceptance by the health
 care community, and the ease of the ordering process for doctors; 
 
 guidelines
 and other recommendations from medical societies and other similar organizations relating
 to screening for, monitoring, diagnosing and treating esophageal precancer and cancer or
 other medical conditions for which our products are used; 
 
 the
 product labeling or product inserts required by regulatory authorities for each of our products; 
 
 the
 availability and amount of insurance or other third-party reimbursement, such as Medicare,
 for patients using our products; 
 
 the
 extent and success of our marketing efforts and those of our collaborators; 
 
 unfavorable
 publicity concerning our products or similar products; and 
 
 in
 the case of FDA PMA approval of the EsoGuard combined with EsoCheck as an IVD device, and
 in the case of any other products or services we may develop in the future, the timing of
 regulatory approvals of our products and market entry compared to competitive products. 

The
sizes of the markets for our current and future products have not been established with precision, and may be smaller than we estimate. 

Our
estimates of the annual total addressable markets for our current products are based on a number of internal and third-party estimates,
including, without limitation, the number of patients with esophageal cancer and precancer, the number of individuals who are at a higher
risk for developing cancer, and the assumed prices at which we can sell tests for markets that have not been established. While we believe
our assumptions and the data underlying our estimates are reasonable, these assumptions and estimates may not be correct and the conditions
supporting our assumptions or estimates may change at any time, thereby reducing the predictive accuracy of these underlying factors.
As a result, our estimates of the annual total addressable market for our current or future products may prove to be incorrect. If the
actual number of patients who would benefit from our products, the price at which we can sell our products, or the annual total addressable
market for our products is smaller than we have estimated, it may impair our sales growth and have an adverse impact on our business. 

Recommendations
in published clinical practice guidelines issued by various organizations, including professional societies and federal agencies may
significantly affect payors willingness to cover, and physicians willingness to prescribe, our products and services. 

Long-term
adoption of our products as well as payment and coverage for them may depend on their recommendation in clinical practice guidelines.
These include professional society guidelines published by gastroenterology specialty societies, such as the American College of Gastroenterology
(ACG), the American Gastroenterological Association (AGA), and the American Society for Gastrointestinal Endoscopy (ASGE), internal medicine
and family practice societies such as the American College of Physicians (ACP) and American Academy of Family Physicians (AAFP), and
oncology societies such as the American Cancer Society (ACS). These also include federal agencies and federally funded affiliates such
as the U.S. Preventative Services Task Force USPSTF and the Agency for Healthcare Research Quality AHRQ ).
The recommendations in these clinical practice guidelines may shape payors coverage decisions. 

The
USPSTF, a panel of primary care physicians and epidemiologists and other national experts funded by the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services AHRQ, makes influential recommendations on clinical preventative services. We may seek a USPSTF recommendation
in the future. The process of USPSTF recommendation development is lengthy, requires high quality supporting evidence for a positive
recommendation, and the outcome of any USPSTF process is uncertain. 

We
or our third-party manufacturers may not have the manufacturing and processing capacity to meet the production requirements of consumer
demand or clinical testing in a timely manner. 

Our
capacity to conduct clinical trials and commercialize our products will depend in part on our ability to manufacture or provide our products
on a large scale, at a competitive cost and in accordance with regulatory requirements. We must establish and maintain a commercial scale
manufacturing process for all of our products to complete clinical trials. We or our third-party manufacturers may encounter difficulties
with these processes at any time that could result in delays in clinical trials, regulatory submissions or the commercialization of products. 

20 

For
some of our products, we or our third-party manufacturers will need to have sufficient production and processing capacity in order to
conduct human clinical trials, to produce products for commercial sale at an acceptable cost. We have limited experience in large-scale
product manufacturing, nor do we have the resources or facilities to manufacture most of our products on a commercial scale. We cannot
guarantee that we or our third-party manufacturers will be able to increase capacity in a timely or cost-effective manner, or at all. 

Initially,
we will not directly manufacture our products and will rely on third parties to do so for us. If our manufacturing and distribution agreements
are not satisfactory, we may not be able to develop or commercialize products as planned. In addition, we may not be able to contract
with third parties to manufacture our products in an economical manner. Furthermore, third-party manufacturers may not adequately perform
their obligations, may delay clinical development or submission of products for regulatory approval or otherwise may impair our competitive
position. We may not be able to enter into or maintain relationships with manufacturers that comply with good manufacturing practices.
If a product manufacturer fails to comply with good manufacturing practices, we could experience significant time delays or we may be
unable to commercialize or continue to market the products. Changes in our manufacturers could require costly new product testing and
facility compliance inspections. In the United States, failure to comply with good manufacturing practices or other applicable legal
requirements can lead to federal seizure of violative products, injunctive actions brought by the federal government, and potential criminal
and civil liability on the part of a company and its officers and employees. Because of these and other factors, we may not be able to
replace our manufacturing capacity quickly or efficiently in the event that our manufacturers are unable to manufacture our products
at one or more of their facilities. As a result, the sales and marketing of our products could be delayed or we could be forced to develop
our own manufacturing capacity, which could require substantial additional funds and personnel and compliance with extensive regulations. 

The
manufacturing processes for our products have not yet been tested at commercial levels, and it may not be possible to manufacture or
process these materials in a cost-effective manner. 

Our
EsoGuard test is performed in a single commercial clinical laboratory facility. If demand for our EsoGuard test grows, we may lack adequate
facility space and capabilities to meet increased processing requirements. Moreover, if these or any future facilities or their equipment
were damaged or destroyed, or if we experience a significant disruption in our commercial clinical laboratory operations for any reason,
our ability to continue to operate our business could be materially harmed. 

We
currently perform the EsoGuard test in a single laboratory facility in Lake Forest, CA. The laboratory facility, without purchasing additional
lab equipment applicable to our test, is expected to have an annual capacity of approximately 50,000 tests per year. If demand for the
EsoGuard test outstrips this capacity, and we fail to add additional equipment and staff, or complete, or timely complete, an expansion
of its available laboratory facilities, it may significantly delay our EsoGuard processing times and limit the volume of EsoGuard tests
we can process, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation. In addition, our financial condition
may be adversely affected if they are unable to complete these expansion projects on budget and otherwise on terms and conditions acceptable
to us. Finally, our financial condition will be adversely affected if demand for our products and services does not materialize in line
with our current expectations and if, as a result, we end up building excess capacity that does not yield a reasonable return on our
investment. 

If
our present, or any future, laboratory facilities were to be damaged, destroyed or otherwise unable to operate, whether due to fire,
floods, storms, tornadoes, other inclement weather events or natural disasters, employee malfeasance, terrorist acts, power outages,
or otherwise, our business could be severely disrupted. We may not be able to perform our EsoGuard test or generate test reports as promptly
as patients and healthcare providers require or expect, or possibly not at all. If we are unable to perform our EsoGuard test or generate
test reports within a timeframe that meets patient and healthcare provider expectations, our business, financial results and reputation
could be materially harmed. 

We
currently maintain insurance against damage to our property and equipment and against business interruption, subject to deductibles and
other limitations. If we have underestimated our insurance needs with respect to an interruption, or if an interruption is not subject
to coverage under our insurance policies, we may not be able to cover our losses. 

We
may remain dependent on the sales and marketing efforts of third parties if we are unable to or choose not to develop an extensive sales
and marketing staff and other resources. 

We
expect to continue to depend, at least in part, on the efforts of third parties (including independent sales representatives and, potentially
in the future, distributors) to carry out the sales and marketing of our products. We anticipate that each third party will control the
amount and timing of resources generally devoted to these activities. However, these third parties may not be able to generate demand
for our products. In addition, there is a risk that these third parties will develop products competitive to ours, which would likely
decrease their incentive to vigorously promote and sell our products. Various market factors may force us to expend substantially more
time and resources to develop an effective internal sales infrastructure on a larger scale, requiring more capital and much sooner than
we might have anticipated or budgeted. However, it may not be economical for us to market our own products, or we may be unable to effectively
market our products. Therefore, our business could be harmed if we fail to enter into arrangements with third parties for the sales and
marketing of our products or otherwise fail to establish sufficient marketing capabilities. 

21 

Our
results of operations can be adversely affected by labor shortages, turnover, and labor cost increases. 

Labor
is a significant component of operating our business. A number of factors may adversely affect the labor force available to us or increase
labor costs, including high employment levels, federal unemployment subsidies, increased wages offered by other employers, vaccine mandates
and other government regulations and our responses thereto. As more employers offer remote work, we may have more difficulty recruiting
for jobs that require on-site attendance, such as certain clinical laboratory and sales roles. Although we have not experienced any material
labor shortage to date, we have recently observed an overall tightening and increasingly competitive labor market. A sustained labor
shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base could lead to increased costs, such as increased overtime or financial
incentives to meet demand and increased wage rates to attract and retain employees, and could negatively affect our ability to efficiently
operate our clinical laboratories and overall business. If we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of performing at a high
level, or if mitigation measures we may take to respond to a decrease in labor availability have unintended negative effects, our business
could be adversely affected. 

Additionally,
the operations of our vendors and partners could also suffer from labor shortages, turnover, and labor cost increases which could result
in supply chain disruptions and increases in the costs of the products and services we purchase, each of which could adversely affect
our operations. 

We
expect to rely on courier delivery services to transport EsoCheck devices and EsoGuard Specimen Kits to physicians and other medical
professionals and samples back to laboratory facilities for analysis. If these delivery services are disrupted or become prohibitively
expensive, customer satisfaction and our business could be negatively impacted. 

In
most cases, we expect to ship EsoCheck devices EsoGuard Specimen Kits to physicians and have the physician s office ship samples
by air express courier delivery service to our CLIA-certified laboratory for EsoGuard testing. Disruptions in delivery service, whether
due to bad weather, natural disaster, labor disruptions, terrorist acts or threats, or for other reasons, can adversely affect customer
satisfaction, specimen quality and our ability to provide our services on a timely basis. If the courier delivery services that transport
EsoCheck devices or EsoGuard Specimen Kits institute significant price increases, our profitability would be negatively affected and
we may need to identify alternative delivery methods, if possible, modify our service model, or attempt to raise our pricing, which may
not be possible with regard to Medicare claims or commercially practicable with regard to commercial claims. 

If
we attempt to bring any other products or services to market in addition to the EsoGuard test and EsoCheck device, we likely will be
required to make significant investments in research and development, which ultimately may prove unsuccessful. Our future performance
may be affected by the success of products we have not yet developed, licensed, acquired. 

Although
there can be no assurance that we will pursue the development of any products or services other than the EsoGuard test and EsoCheck device,
we may develop additional products or services based on the same underlying technologies or other technologies we develop, license, or
acquire. If we attempt to bring any other such products or services to market, we likely will incur significant expenses on research
and development efforts, which ultimately may prove unsuccessful. 

Developing
new or improved diagnostic tests and other medical products and services is a speculative and risky endeavor. Candidate products and
services that may initially show promise may fail to achieve the desired results in larger clinical studies or may not achieve acceptable
levels of clinical accuracy. Any test we develop will need to demonstrate a high level of accuracy in clinical studies. If in a clinical
study a candidate product or service fails to identify even a small number of cases, the sensitivity rate may be materially and adversely
affected, and we may have to abandon the candidate product or service. 

We
may need to explore a number of different designs, methods or technologies, alter our candidate products or services, and repeat clinical
studies before we identify a potentially successful candidate. We may need to acquire, whether through purchase, license or otherwise,
technologies owned by third parties, and we may not be able to acquire such technologies on commercially reasonable terms or at all.
Product development is expensive, may take years to complete and can have uncertain outcomes. Failure can occur at any stage of the development.
If, after development, a candidate product or service appears successful, we may, depending on the nature of the product or service,
still need to obtain FDA and other regulatory clearances or approvals before we can market it. FDA s clearance or approval pathways
are likely to involve significant time, as well as additional research, development and clinical study expenditures. There can be no
guarantee that FDA would clear or approve any future product or service we may develop. Even if FDA clears or approves a new product
or service we develop, we would need to commit substantial resources to commercialize, sell and market it before it could be profitable,
and the product or service may never be commercially viable. Additionally, development of any product or service may be disrupted or
made less viable by the development of competing products or services. 

Commitments
to develop new products must be made well in advance of any resulting sales, and technologies and standards may change during development,
potentially rendering our products outdated or uncompetitive before their introduction. Our ability to develop products to meet evolving
industry requirements and at prices acceptable to our customers will be significant factors in determining our competitiveness. We may
expend considerable funds and other resources on the development of our products without any guarantee that these products will be successful.
If we attempt to bring, but are not successful in bringing, one or more products to market, whether because we fail to address marketplace
demand, fail to develop viable products or otherwise, our results of operations could be seriously harmed. 

If
we determine that any of our current or future development programs is unlikely to succeed, we may abandon it without any return on our
investment into the program. We may need to raise significant additional capital to bring any new products or services to market, which
may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 

Our
officers may allocate their time to other businesses thereby potentially limiting the amount of time they devote to our affairs. This
conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our operations. 

Our
officers and directors are not required to commit their full time to our affairs, which could create a conflict of interest when allocating
their time between our operations and their other commitments. We presently expect each of our employees to devote such amount of time
as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business. All of our officers are engaged, at least to some degree, in other business
endeavors and are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our affairs. If our officers other business affairs
require them to devote more substantial amounts of time to such affairs, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs and
could have a negative impact on our operations. We cannot assure you these conflicts will be resolved in our favor. 

22 

Our
ability to be successful will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. 

Our ability to successfully carry out our business plan is dependent upon
the efforts of our key personnel. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain with us for the immediate or foreseeable
future. The unexpected loss of the services of our key personnel could have a detrimental effect on us. We may also be unable to attract
and retain additional key personnel in the future. As of March 9, 2023, we only have only 3,725,723 shares available for issuance under
our long-term incentive plan, which could limit our ability to attract and retain key personnel, until such amount is increased. An inability
to attract and retain key personnel may impact our ability to continue and grow our operations. 

Our
officers and directors have fiduciary obligations to other companies and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining
to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Certain
of our officers and directors have fiduciary obligations to other companies engaged in medical device business activities. Accordingly,
they may participate in transactions and have obligations that may be in conflict or competition with our business. As a result, a potential
business opportunity may be presented by certain members of our board or management team to another entity prior to its presentation
to us and we may not be afforded the opportunity to engage in such a transaction. 

Our
business may suffer if we are unable to manage our growth. 

If
we fail to effectively manage our growth, our ability to execute our business strategy could be impaired. Any unanticipated rapid growth
of our business may place a strain on our management, operations and financial systems. We need to ensure our existing systems and controls
are adequate to support our business and its anticipated growth. 

Our
business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by the political and economic conditions of the countries
in which we conduct business. 

Our
business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by the political and economic conditions of the countries
in which we conduct business. These factors include: 

challenges
 associated with cultural differences, languages and distance; 
 
 differences
 in clinical practices, needs, products, modalities and preferences; 
 
 longer
 payment cycles in some countries; 
 
 credit
 risks of many kinds; 
 
 legal
 and regulatory differences and restrictions; 
 
 currency
 exchange fluctuations; 
 
 foreign
 exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned in certain countries; 
 
 political
 and economic instability and export restrictions; 
 
 variability
 in sterilization requirements for multi-usage surgical devices; 
 
 potential
 adverse tax consequences; 
 
 higher
 cost associated with doing business internationally; 
 
 challenges
 in implementing educational programs required by our approach to doing business; 
 
 negative
 economic developments in economies around the world and the instability of governments, including
 the threat of war, terrorist attacks, epidemic or civil unrest; 
 
 adverse
 changes in laws and governmental policies, especially those affecting trade and investment; 
 
 health
 epidemics and /or pandemics, such as the epidemics resulting from the Ebola virus, or the
 enterovirus, or the avian influenza virus, or the pandemic resulting from a novel strain
 of a coronavirus designated Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2 
 - or SARS-CoV-2 , which may adversely affect our workforce as well as our local
 suppliers and customers; 
 
 import
 or export licensing requirements imposed by governments; 
 
 differing
 labor standards; 
 
 differing
 levels of protection of intellectual property; 
 
 the
 threat that our operations or property could be subject to nationalization and expropriation; 
 
 varying
 practices of the regulatory, tax, judicial and administrative bodies in the jurisdictions
 where we operate; and 
 
 potentially
 burdensome taxation and changes in foreign tax. 

Our
business may be adversely affected by health epidemics and or pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic may have an adverse impact on our operations, supply chains, and distribution systems and /or those of our contractors
of our laboratory partner, and increase our expenses, including as a result of impacts associated with preventive and precautionary measures
being taken, restrictions on travel, quarantine polices. Such adverse impact may include, for example, the inability of our employees
and /or those of our contractors or laboratory partner to perform their work or curtail their services provided to us. 

In
addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted the United States healthcare and healthcare regulatory systems which could divert
healthcare resources away from, or materially delay United States Food and Drug Administration FDA approval with respect
to our products. 

23 

Furthermore,
our clinical trials have been and may be further affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, as site initiation and patient enrollment may be
delayed, for example, due to prioritization of hospital resources toward the virus and /or illness response, as well as travel restrictions
imposed by governments, and the inability to access clinical test sites for initiation and monitoring. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic may have an adverse impact on the economies and financial markets of many countries, including the United States, resulting
in an economic downturn that could adversely affect demand for our products and services and /or our product candidates. 

Although
we are continuing to monitor and assess the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, the ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
(or a similar health epidemic) is highly uncertain and subject to change, and therefore, its impact on our consolidated financial condition,
consolidated results of operations, and /or consolidated cash flows, the adverse impact could be material. 

We
may engage in acquisitions that are not successful and which could disrupt our business, cause dilution to our stockholders and reduce
our financial resources. 

We
have entered into, and may in the future enter into transactions to acquire other businesses, products, services or technologies. While
we recently completed several small acquisitions, because we have not made any major acquisitions to date, our ability to do so successfully
is unproven. If we do identify suitable candidates, we may not be able to make such acquisitions on favorable terms or at all. In addition,
an insufficient amount of time has passed to evaluate whether the acquisitions we completed were cost effective and otherwise beneficial
to our business. The acquisitions we have completed and any acquisitions we make in the future may not strengthen our products, technologies
or businesses or otherwise improve our competitive position, and these transactions may be viewed negatively by investors, healthcare
providers, patients and others. For examples, we may be unable to timely and effectively integrate the acquired businesses into our business;
we may lose key employees; we may encounter potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen risks, including liabilities associated with
contracts containing consent and/or other provisions that may be triggered by the acquisitions; we may be unable to realize the anticipated
benefits of the acquisitions or do so within the anticipated timeframe; or we may be unable to effectively manage our expanded operations.
In addition to the risks outlined above, we may decide to incur debt in connection with an acquisition or issue our common stock or other
securities to the stockholders of the acquired company, which would reduce the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders. We
cannot predict the number, timing or size of future acquisitions or the effect that any such transactions might have on our operating
results. For the foregoing reasons, the market price of our common stock may decline as a result of any acquisitions. 

Adverse
results in material litigation matters could have a material adverse effect upon our business. 

We
may become subject in the ordinary course of business to material legal actions related to, among other things, intellectual property
disputes, contract disputes, data and privacy issues, professional liability and employee-related matters. We may also receive inquiries
and requests for information from governmental agencies and bodies, including CMS or private payors, requesting comment and/or information
on allegations of billing irregularities, billing and pricing arrangements, or privacy practices that are brought to our attention through
audits or third parties. Legal actions could result in substantial monetary damages, as well as damage to our reputation with customers
and diversion of the attention of our management, which could have a material adverse effect upon its business. 

Risks
Associated with Healthcare Regulation, Billing and Reimbursement, and Product Safety and Effectiveness 

Our
ability to market EsoGuard, or any other IVD product that we may develop, license, or acquire, as LDTs without FDA approval, is entirely
dependent on FDA continuing to exercise enforcement discretion with regard to requiring premarket review of LDTs. If FDA ceases to exercise,
or modifies how it exercises, this discretion through guidance documents, formal rulemaking, departmental directive, executive order
or pursuant to legislation, we may be abruptly forced to halt commercialization of these diagnostic tests until we are able satisfy FDA s
modified enforcement regime, or until we secure FDA approval for these IVD products. 

EsoGuard
is currently being marketed as an LDT and has not received FDA approval to be marketed as an IVD. We would very likely also choose to
market as LDTs, at least initially, any other IVD product without FDA approval that we may develop, license, or acquire. 

FDA
defines an LDT as an IVD product that is intended for clinical use and designed, manufactured and used within a single laboratory. 
Thus, LDTs are considered devices , specifically IVD products, as defined by the FDCA. FDA has long maintained that it has
clear regulatory authority over LDTs and could, therefore, require them to fully comply with the regulatory requirements governing device
safety and effectiveness. FDA, however, has generally not enforced these regulatory requirements for LDTs and has generally not required
LDTs to undergo FDA premarket review of analytical validity and clinical validity, as other IVD products must. For over a decade, FDA
has expressed the opinion that its enforcement discretion was based on the fact that, historically, most LDTs were low-risk, and that
it has become concerned about insufficient regulatory oversight over increasingly high-risk LDTs. FDA has also exercised enforcement
discretion of elements of its single laboratory definition of LDTs which by strict interpretation would require the LDT
to have been designed at the single laboratory and not transferred from another research or commercial laboratory.
FDA has demonstrated its position that it has regulatory authority over all IVD products, by choosing to fully exercise its authority
for certain classes of single laboratory IVD products which would satisfy its definition of an LDT, such as direct-to-consumer
tests that do not involve a health care provider. 

24 

In
July 2010, FDA announced its intent to reconsider its long-standing policy of enforcement discretion with respect to LDTs after identifying
issues with several high-risk LDTs and hosted a public workshop to gather feedback from industry stakeholders. In October 2014, FDA published
two draft guidance documents describing a proposed risk-based framework under which it might regulate LDTs. FDA s draft framework
proposed, among other things, premarket review for higher-risk LDTs, such as those that have the same intended use as FDA-approved or
cleared diagnostics currently on the market. In November 2015, FDA issued a report citing evidence for the need for additional regulation
of LDTs and stated FDA is continuing to work to finalize premarket review requirements for LDTs. However, in November 2016, FDA announced
it would not issue a final guidance for LDTs. In January 2017, FDA issued a Discussion Paper on LDTs, which confirmed it would not finalize
guidance on the regulation of LDTs to allow more time for public discussion and time for the congressional authorizing committees to
develop a legislative solution. In March 2020, the bipartisan Verifying Accurate Leading-edge IVCT Development (VALID) Act of 2020, which
seeks to revamp the regulatory framework of diagnostic tests, including LDTs, was introduced in both chambers of the 116th Congress but
was never brought to a vote. The VALID Act is expected to be reintroduced in 2021. In August 2020, HHS announced that, effective immediately,
it was rescinding all guidance, compliance manuals, website statements, or other informal issuances concerning FDA premarket review of
LDTs, and that FDA may not require premarket review of LDTs absent a formal notice-and-comment rulemaking process. 

The
long-standing ambiguity of the regulatory status for LDTs makes it impossible for us to predict the future regulatory status of LDTs,
and if or when it may be substantially modified through guidance documents, formal rulemaking, departmental directive, executive order
or pursuant to legislation. For example, the current administration could abruptly rescind the August 2020 HHS directive of the prior
administration, which could restore FDA regulatory authority over LDTs and herald a return to enforcement discretion. Similarly, passage
of the VALID Act could usher a new era of full FDA oversight of LDTs. We cannot predict the potential effect of such shifts in LDT regulation
on EsoGuard or any other LDT we may develop, license or acquire, or the potential impact of such shifts on our business, financial condition
or results of operation. 

Our
business could also be materially affected if FDA regains enforcement discretion and modifies it, for example, to require that LDTs be
truly home brewed at a single laboratory, since EsoGuard was designed and developed at the CWRU laboratory and transferred
to our third-party CLIA-certified laboratory partner and then to our own CLIA-certified commercial clinical laboratory. It could also
be materially affected if FDA is granted broader authority and a mandate to regulate LDTs, through pending legislation such as the VALID
Act. If any of these were to occur, we may be required to change business plans regarding the development and commercialization of EsoGuard
and any other LDTs we develop, license or acquire. They may significantly slow the time it would take us to bring LDTs to market, may
materially increase the costs of developing, and decrease the profitability of providing, EsoGuard and any other LDTs we may develop,
license or acquire, and may prevent us from commercializing certain products or services. We cannot provide any assurance that FDA clearance
or approval will not be required in the future for EsoGuard or any other LDTs we develop, license or acquire, whether as a result of
additional guidance or regulations issued by FDA, new enforcement policies adopted by FDA or new legislation adopted by Congress. It
is possible that legislation will be enacted into law, regulations could be promulgated or guidance could be issued by FDA that may result
in increased regulatory burdens for us to continue to offer diagnostic tests or to develop and introduce new tests. Moreover, if pre-market
review is required by FDA or if we decide to voluntarily pursue FDA s pre-market review for any of our IVD products, there can
be no assurance that they will be approved, or timely approved, nor can there be assurance that labeling claims will be consistent with
our current claims or adequate to support continued adoption of and reimbursement for our tests. If pre-market review is required, our
business could be negatively impacted as a result of commercial delay that may be caused by any new requirements. 

If
we fail to maintain CLIA-certification or otherwise meet the applicable requirements of federal or state law regulating commercial clinical
laboratories, such failure could limit or prevent our ability to perform our EsoGuard test, or any other tests which we may develop,
license or acquire, affect any payor consideration of such tests, prevent their clearance or approval entirely, and/or interrupt the
commercial sale and/or marketing of any such tests, cause us to incur significant expense to remedy this failure and otherwise negatively
impact our business. 

We
perform the EsoGuard test in our own CLIA-certified commercial clinical laboratory, and like all clinical laboratories which perform
non-research laboratory testing on human samples in the U.S., it is regulated by CMS through CLIA and associated federal regulations
set forth in 42 CFR 493, as well as through other federal and state laws and regulations. Federal CLIA requirements and laws of
certain states impose certification requirements for clinical laboratories, establish standards for quality assurance and quality control,
among other things. Some state laws restrict laboratory marketing activities, which may adversely affect our ability to market our laboratory
services. Clinical laboratories are subject to inspection by regulators, and to sanctions for failing to comply with applicable requirements.
Sanctions available under CLIA include prohibiting a laboratory from running tests, requiring a laboratory to implement a corrective
plan, and imposing civil monetary penalties. If we fail to maintain CLIA-certification or otherwise meet the applicable requirements
of federal or state law, that failure could adversely limit or prevent its ability to perform our EsoGuard test, or any other diagnostic
tests which we may develop, license or acquire, affect any payor consideration of such tests, prevent their clearance or approval entirely,
and/or interrupt the commercial sale and/or marketing of any such tests, cause us to incur significant expense to remedy this failure
and otherwise negatively impact our business. 

EsoGuard,
or any other IVD product without FDA approval we may develop, license, or acquire and market as an LDT, may not be jointly marketed as
a combined product with EsoCheck without first securing FDA approval of the combined product as an IVD device. If FDA deems that we are
jointly marketing such an IVD product with EsoCheck without FDA approval of the combined product as an IVD device, we would be subject
to FDA enforcement action which could limit or halt commercialization of our products, and result in FDA sanctions which could severely
impact our business. 

EsoCheck
has received FDA 510(k) clearance permitting us to market it in the U.S. as a cell collection device indicated for use in the collection
and retrieval of surface cells of the esophagus in the general population of adults, 22 years of age and older. EsoGuard, on the other
hand, has not received FDA approval to be marketed as an IVD device and is being marketed as an LDT. As such we must market EsoGuard
and EsoCheck as separate products. Jointly marketing EsoGuard, or any other IVD product that we develop, license or acquire, as a combined
product with EsoCheck would require us to secure FDA approval of the combined product as an IVD device. If we were to jointly market
such products, even inadvertently, without such FDA approval we would be subject to FDA enforcement actions which could result in fines,
unanticipated compliance expenditures, recall or seizures of our products, total or partial suspension of production or distribution,
restrictions on labeling and promotion, termination of ongoing research, disqualification of data for submission to regulatory authorities,
enforcement actions, injunctions and criminal prosecution. Responding to such actions could cause us to incur significant expense, limit
or halt commercialization of our products and severely impact our business. 

25 

Securing
FDA approval of EsoGuard, or any other IVD product we may develop, license, or acquire, as an IVD device, separately or as a combined
product with EsoCheck, is a complex process requiring substantial time, commitment of resources and expense without any assurance that
FDA will grant such approval. 

FDA
has indicated to us through its pre-submission process that jointly marketing EsoGuard combined with EsoCheck as an IVD device would
be subject to PMA premarket approval, the most stringent FDA premarket medical device scientific and regulatory review process, which
requires sufficient valid scientific evidence in addition to general and special controls to assure that it is safe and effective for
its intended use(s). Any other IVD product we may develop, license, or acquire, would likely also require PMA premarket approval to be
marketed with EsoCheck as an IVD device. If we choose, or are required, as a result of changes in LDT regulation, to secure FDA approval
of EsoGuard, or any other IVD product we may develop, license or acquire, as an IVD device, even if not combined with EsoCheck, we expect
we would this require FDA PMA approval. 

The
process of securing FDA PMA approval is complex and requires substantial time, commitment of resources and expense. The process may take
many years to complete, and approval may never be obtained. It requires us to demonstrate with substantial evidence, gathered in preclinical
and large, complex well-controlled clinical trials, that the planned product is safe and effective for use for as intended. We may not
conduct such a trial or may not successfully enroll or complete any such trial, if required. Any products we may develop may not achieve
the required primary endpoint in the clinical trial and may not receive regulatory approval. We must also demonstrate that the manufacturing
facilities, processes and controls for any products we may develop are adequate. 

There
can be no assurance that FDA will ever permit us to market EsoGuard, used with EsoCheck, as a combined product or any new product or
service that we develop. Also, any regulatory clearance or approval of a product, once obtained, may be withdrawn. If we are unable to
successfully obtain or maintain regulatory clearance or approval to sell any products we may develop in the U.S., our business, financial
condition, results of operations and growth prospects could be adversely affected. Furthermore, delays in receipt of clearances or approvals
could materially delay or prevent us from commercializing our products and services or result in substantial additional costs that could
decrease our profitability. Even if we were to successfully obtain and maintain regulatory clearance or approval for a product, any clearance
or approval might contain significant limitations related to use restrictions for specified age groups, warnings, precautions or contraindications,
or may be subject to burdensome post-approval study or risk management requirements. 

FDA
can delay, limit, or deny clearance or approval of a future product for many reasons, including but not limited to: 

a
 future product may not be deemed to be safe and effective; 
 
 FDA
 officials may not find the data from clinical and preclinical studies sufficient; 
 
 FDA
 may not approve our or our third-party manufacturer s processes or facilities; or 
 
 FDA
 may change its clearance or approval policies or adopt new regulations. 

If
any products we may develop fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy, or otherwise do not gain regulatory clearance or approval, our business
and results of operations will be materially and adversely harmed. 

Failure
to obtain regulatory approvals in foreign jurisdictions will prevent us from marketing our products internationally. 

We
intend to seek, as resources permit, distribution and marketing partners for one or more of the products we are developing in foreign
countries. The approval procedures vary among countries and can involve additional clinical testing, and the time required to obtain
approval may differ from that required to obtain FDA approval. Moreover, clinical studies or manufacturing processes conducted in one
country may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other countries. Approval by FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities
in other countries, and approval by one or more foreign regulatory authorities does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in
other foreign countries or by FDA. However, a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country may have a negative effect
on the regulatory process in others. The foreign regulatory approval process may include all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA
approval. We may not obtain foreign regulatory approvals on a timely basis, if at all. We may not be able to file for regulatory approvals
and even if we file, we may not receive necessary approvals to commercialize our products in any market. 

Modifications
to our cleared or approved products may require new clearances or premarket approvals, or may require us to cease marketing or recall
the modified products until clearances are obtained. 

For
any product approved pursuant to a PMA, we are required to seek supplemental approval for many types of changes to the approved product,
for which we will need to determine whether a PMA supplement or other regulatory filing is needed or whether the change may be reported
via the PMA Annual Report. Similarly, any modification to a 510(k)-cleared device that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness,
or that would constitute a major change in its intended use, design, or manufacture, requires new 510(k) clearance or, possibly, approval
of a new PMA. If the FDA requires us to seek approvals or clearances for modifications to our previously approved or cleared products,
for which we concluded that new approvals or clearances are unnecessary, we may be required to cease marketing or distribution of our
products or to recall the modified product until we obtain the approval or clearance, and we may be subject to significant regulatory
fines or penalties. Foreign regulatory regimes may have comparable requirements, which present the same or substantially similar risks. 

26 

Clinical
trials necessary to support regulatory submission will be expensive and will require the enrollment of large numbers of patients, and
suitable patients may be difficult to identify and recruit. Delays or failures in our clinical trials will prevent us from expanding
our commercial efforts and will adversely affect our business, operating results and prospects. 

Initiating
and completing clinical trials necessary to support regulatory submission will be time-consuming and expensive and their outcome uncertain.
Moreover, the results of early clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results, and any product we advance into clinical
trials may not have favorable results in early or later clinical trials. For example, the results of the studies to date on EsoGuard
may not be replicated by the clinical trials being undertaken to obtain PMA approval of the use of EsoGuard and EsoCheck together as
an IVD device. 

Conducting
successful clinical studies will require the enrollment of large numbers of patients, and suitable patients may be difficult to identify
and recruit. Patient enrollment in clinical trials and completion of patient participation and follow-up depend on many factors, including
the size of the patient population, the nature of the trial protocol, the attractiveness of, or the discomforts and risks associated
with, the treatments received by patients enrolled as subjects, the availability of appropriate clinical trial investigators, support
staff, and proximity of patients to clinical sites and ability to comply with the eligibility and exclusion criteria for participation
in the clinical trial and patient compliance. For example, patients may be discouraged from enrolling in our clinical trials if the trial
protocol requires them to undergo extensive post-treatment procedures or follow-up to assess the safety and effectiveness of our products
or if they determine that the treatments received under the trial protocols are not attractive or involve unacceptable risks, discomforts
or expenditures. Patients may also not participate in our clinical trials if they choose to participate in contemporaneous clinical trials
of competitive products. In addition, patients participating in clinical trials may die before completion of the trial or suffer adverse
medical events unrelated to investigational products. 

Development
of sufficient and appropriate clinical protocols to demonstrate safety and efficacy may be required and we may not adequately develop
such protocols to support clearance and approval. Further, FDA may require us to submit data on a greater number of patients than it
originally anticipated and/or for a longer follow-up period or change the data collection requirements or data analysis for any clinical
trials. Delays in patient enrollment or failure of patients to continue to participate in a clinical trial may cause an increase in costs
and delays in the approval and attempted commercialization of our products or result in the failure of the clinical trial. FDA may not
consider our data adequate to demonstrate safety and efficacy. Such increased costs and delays or failures could adversely affect our
business, operating results and prospects. 

We
expect to depend on clinical investigators, medical institutions and contract research organizations to perform the clinical trials.
If these parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, or if the quality,
completeness or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or for
other reasons, our clinical trials may have to be extended, delayed or terminated. Many of these factors would be beyond our control.
We may not be able to enter into replacement arrangements without undue delays or considerable expenditures. If there are delays in testing
or approvals as a result of the failure to perform by third parties, our research and development costs would increase, and we may not
be able to obtain regulatory clearance or approval for EsoGuard and any other products we may develop. In addition, we may not be able
to establish or maintain relationships with these parties on favorable terms, if at all. Each of these outcomes would harm our ability
to market EsoGuard and any other products we may develop, license or acquire, or to achieve sustained profitability. 

The
results of our clinical trials may not support our product candidate claims or may result in the discovery of adverse side effects. 

Even
if any of our clinical trials are completed as planned, it cannot be certain that study results will support product candidate claims
or that FDA or foreign regulatory authorities will agree with our conclusions regarding them. Success in pre-clinical evaluation and
early clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful, and we cannot be sure that the later trials will
replicate the results of prior trials and pre-clinical studies. The clinical trial process may fail to demonstrate that our product candidates
are safe and effective for the proposed indicated uses or otherwise influence medical decisions in the manner we need to show to evidence
the clinical utility of our product candidates, which could cause us to abandon a product candidate and may delay development of others.
Any delay or termination of our clinical trials will delay the filing of our product submissions and, ultimately, our ability to commercialize
our product candidates and generate revenues (in particular where evidence of clinical utility is a critical factor to payor s
decisions around reimbursement). It is also possible that patients enrolled in clinical trials will experience adverse side effects that
are not currently part of the product candidate s profile. 

If
our clinical studies do not satisfy providers, payors, patients and others as to the reliability and performance of our EsoGuard test
and the EsoCheck device, or any other product or service we may develop and seek to commercialize, we may experience reluctance or refusal
on the part of physicians to order, and third-party payors to pay for, such test. 

Although
we have received FDA 510(k) clearance to market EsoCheck, and EsoGuard may be performed in our own CLIA-certified commercial clinical
laboratory and marketed as an LDT, if the results of any research and clinical studies conducted by us, including those conducted for
the purpose of obtaining FDA approval of the combined EsoGuard and EsoCheck product as an IVD device, and our sales and marketing activities
relating to communication of these results, do not convince guidelines organizations, physicians and other healthcare providers, third-party
payors and patients that EsoGuard and EsoCheck are safe and effective, we may experience reluctance or refusal on the part of physicians
to order, and third-party payors to pay for, EsoGuard or EsoCheck, which could adversely affect our business prospects. Likewise, if
the results of our research and clinical studies and our sales and marketing activities relating to new products or services we may develop
and seek to commercialize in the future do not convince FDA and other regulators, guidelines organizations, physicians and other healthcare
providers, third-party payors and patients that such other products and services are safe and reliable, those tests may not receive or
sustain necessary regulatory clearances or approvals and we may experience reluctance or refusal on the part of physicians to order,
and third-party payors to pay for, those tests, which could adversely affect our business prospects. 

27 

In
this regard, we have been unable to successfully complete our clinical trials related to the EsoGuard test to generate clinical utility
data showing that the results of the test influence s provider decision making in providing medical care. As such clinical utility
is important to decisions by payor s to provide reimbursement for the test, continued delays in such trials will adversely impact
our ability to commercialize the EsoGuard test and generate revenues from sales of the same. 

If
the validity of an informed consent for a clinical trial of one of our products was challenged, we could be subject to fines, penalties,
litigation, or regulatory sanctions, or other adverse consequences, including invalidating or requiring us to repeat clinical trials
which could negatively affect our business and results of operations. 

Our
products are the subject of multiple clinical trials and we anticipate they will continue to be so in the future. We have implemented
measures to ensure that data and biological samples that we receive have been collected from, and any procedures that have been performed
using our products have been on, subjects who have provided appropriate informed consent. We also act as a sponsor of clinical trials
in connection with the development of our tests, which are frequently conducted in collaboration with different parties. We seek to receive
approval from an ethical review board, or institutional review board IRB for projects that meet the definition of human
subjects research, which includes review and approval of processes for subject informed consent and authorization for use of personal
information or waivers thereof. We could conduct clinical trials in a number of different countries. When we utilize clinical research
contractor or partner with other third parties, we rely upon them to comply with the requirements to obtain the subject s informed
consent and to comply with applicable laws and regulations. The collection of data and samples in many different countries results in
complex legal questions regarding the adequacy of informed consent and the status of genetic material under a large number of different
legal systems. Those informed consents could be challenged and prove invalid, unlawful, or otherwise inadequate for our purposes. Any
such findings against us, could force us to stop accessing or using data and samples or servicing or conducting clinical trials, which
would hinder our product offerings or development. We could also become involved in legal actions, which could consume our management
and financial resources. 

EsoCheck
and any other products we develop that receive regulatory clearance or approval will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and
continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense and subject us to penalties if we fail to comply with
applicable regulatory requirements. 

Even
after regulatory clearance or approval has been obtained for our products, the cleared or approved product and its manufacturer remain
subject to continual review by FDA or non-U.S. regulatory authorities. Our cleared or approved products may be subject to limitations
on the indicated uses for which the product may be marketed, as in the case of the FDA 510(k) marketing clearance for our EsoCheck cell
collection device. Furthermore, future approvals may contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing follow-up studies to
monitor the safety and efficacy of the approved product. There is a risk that FDA may modify or withdraw the approval of a product if
the results of a post-approval study are not satisfactory or are inconsistent with previous studies. We may rely on third parties, such
as contract research organizations, medical institutions and clinical investigators to conduct any post-approval studies. We will have
limited control over the activities of these third parties and any post-approval studies may be delayed or halted prior to its completion
for reasons outside our control. 

In
addition, we and our cleared or approved products will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements by FDA and other regulatory
authorities with regard to the labeling, packaging, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion and recordkeeping for our
products. We and our contract manufacturers also will be required to comply with current good manufacturing practice cGMP regulations regarding the manufacture of our products, which include requirements related to quality control and quality assurance as
well as the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation. Further, regulatory authorities must approve these manufacturing
facilities before they can be used to manufacture medical devices, and these facilities are subject to continual review and periodic
inspections by FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with cGMP regulations. Operations at these facilities could be interrupted
or halted if FDA or other governmental agency deems the findings of such inspections unsatisfactory. 

Failure
to comply with FDA or other regulatory requirements could result in fines, unanticipated compliance expenditures, recall or seizures
of our products, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, restrictions on labeling and promotion, termination of ongoing
research, disqualification of data for submission to regulatory authorities, enforcement actions, injunctions and criminal prosecution.
If we or a third party discover previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency,
or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, a regulatory authority may impose restrictions on that product, the
manufacturer or us, including requiring recall of the product from the market or suspension of manufacturing. We also may voluntarily
recall a product. Any recalls could have an adverse effect on our ability to provide our products, which in turn would adversely affect
our financial condition. 

If
we are found to be promoting the use of our devices for unapproved or off-label uses or engaging in other noncompliant
activities, we may be subject to recalls, seizures, fines, penalties, injunctions, adverse publicity, prosecution, or other adverse actions,
resulting in damage to our reputation and business. 

Our
labeling, advertising, promotional materials and user training materials must comply with FDA and other applicable laws and regulations,
including the prohibition of the promotion of a medical device for a use that has not been cleared or approved by FDA. Obtaining 510(k)
clearance or PMA approval only permits us to promote our products for the uses specifically cleared by FDA. Use of a device outside its
cleared or approved indications is known as off-label use. Physicians and consumers may use our products off-label because
FDA does not restrict or regulate a physician s choice of treatment within the practice of medicine nor is there oversight on patient
use of over-the-counter devices. Although we may request additional cleared indications for our current products, FDA may deny those
requests, require additional expensive clinical data to support any additional indications or impose limitations on the intended use
of any cleared product as a condition of clearance. Even if regulatory clearance or approval of a product is granted, such clearance
or approval may be subject to limitations on the intended uses for which the product may be marketed and reduce our potential to successfully
commercialize the product and generate revenue from the product. 

28 

If
FDA determines that our labeling, advertising, promotional materials, or user training materials, or representations made by our personnel,
include the promotion of an off-label use for the device, or that we have made false or misleading or inadequately substantiated promotional
claims, or claims that could potentially change the regulatory status of the product, the agency could take the position that these materials
have misbranded our devices and request that we modify our labeling, advertising, or user training or promotional materials and/or subject
us to regulatory or legal enforcement actions, including the issuance of an Untitled Letter or a Warning Letter, injunction, seizure,
recall, adverse publicity, civil penalties, criminal penalties, or other adverse actions. It is also possible that other federal, state,
or foreign enforcement authorities might take action if they consider our labeling, advertising, promotional, or user training materials
to constitute promotion of an unapproved use, which could result in significant fines, penalties, or other adverse actions under other
statutory authorities, such as laws prohibiting false claims for reimbursement. In that event, we would be subject to extensive fines
and penalties and our reputation could be damaged and adoption of the products would be impaired. Although we intend to refrain from
statements that could be considered off-label promotion of our products, FDA or another regulatory agency could disagree and conclude
that we have engaged in off-label promotion. In addition, any such off-label use of our products may increase the risk of injury to patients,
and, in turn, the risk of product liability claims, and such claims are expensive to defend and could divert our management s attention
and result in substantial damage awards against us. 

Clinical
laboratories and medical diagnostic companies are subject to extensive and frequently changing federal, state, and local laws. We could
be subject to significant fines and penalties if we fail (or if our prior unrelated third-party laboratory partner previously failed)
to comply with these laws and regulations. 

As
a provider of clinical diagnostic products and services, we are subject (and our prior third-party laboratory partner previously was
subject) to extensive and frequently changing federal, state, and local laws and regulations governing various other aspects of our business.
In particular, the clinical laboratory industry is subject to significant governmental certification and licensing regulations, as well
as federal and state laws regarding: 

test
 ordering and billing practices; 
 
 marketing,
 sales and pricing practices; 
 
 health
 information privacy and security, including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
 Act of 1996, or HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical
 Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, and comparable state laws; 
 
 insurance; 
 
 anti-markup
 legislation; and 
 
 consumer
 protection. 

We
are also required to comply with FDA regulations, including with respect to our labeling and promotion activities. In addition, advertising
of our tests is subject to regulation by the Federal Trade Commission, FTC and advertising of laboratory services is
regulated by certain state laws. Violation of any FDA requirement could result in enforcement actions, such as seizures, injunctions,
civil penalties and criminal prosecutions, and violation of any FTC or state law requirement could result in injunctions and other associated
remedies, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Most states also have similar regulatory and enforcement
authority for devices. Additionally, most foreign countries have authorities comparable to FDA and processes for obtaining marketing
approvals. Obtaining and maintaining these approvals, and complying with all laws and regulations, may subject us to similar risks and
delays as those we could experience under FDA, FTC and state regulation. We incur various costs in complying and overseeing compliance
with these laws and regulations. 

Healthcare
policy has been a subject of extensive discussion in the executive and legislative branches of the federal and many state governments
and healthcare laws and regulations are subject to change. Development of the existing commercialization strategy for our EsoGuard test
and EsoCheck device has been based on existing healthcare policies. We cannot predict what additional changes, if any, will be proposed
or adopted or the effect that such proposals or adoption may have on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If
we or our partners fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we could incur significant fines and penalties and our reputation
and prospects could suffer. Additionally, any such partners could be forced to cease offering our products and services in certain jurisdictions,
which could materially disrupt our business. 

29 

We
operate patient service centers where prescribing physicians can send patients for EsoGuard testing, including undergoing specimen collection
using EsoCheck. These patient service centers are subject to federal and state regulations which may be burdensome, costly or difficult
to comply with. Failure to comply with these regulations could result in sanctions, fines or other enforcement actions which may be costly,
time-consuming and limit our ability to utilize them and adversely impact our business. 

As
part of our commercialization efforts for EsoGuard, we are operating patient service centers in jurisdictions where a licensed health
care professional, employed or contracted by us, will perform the esophageal cell collection procedure using EsoCheck and then package
the specimen for transport to our CLIA-certified commercial clinical laboratory. The patient service centers may be deemed laboratory
draw stations or outpatient centers or clinics, which may be subject to state licensure and operating requirements. In addition, states
may require personnel performing the specimen collection procedure to be licensed and may require collaboration with or supervision by
a physician. The health care professionals may also be subject to malpractice claims. We will need to purchase insurance policies to
cover such claims but the coverage limits on such policies may be insufficient to cover any monetary awards for damages granted for such
claims. In certain states, our patient service centers may trigger the corporate practice of medicine doctrine, a general prohibition
in some jurisdictions against non-licensed individuals or corporations owning medical practices or employing physicians and other licensed
HCPs. In many states, a general business corporation cannot directly employ health care professionals or enter any arrangement where
the physicians or the healthcare professional is in any way controlled or directed by the corporation. Complying with these state regulations
can be complex, burdensome and costly and we may be unable to do so in certain states, limiting our commercialization efforts and business
in those states. The patient service centers may be subject to additional state regulations relating to the distribution of the collection
devices, test orders, patient consents, medical necessity requirements and billing regulations. 

We
have invested heavily in regulatory and compliance infrastructure in an effort to ensure compliance with this regulatory framework, however,
we cannot guarantee that we will remain in compliance with these rules at all times. Our failure to comply with these regulations in
the operation of these patient service centers or in managing the personnel interacting with patients at these centers could subject
us to sanctions, fines or other enforcement actions. Responding to these actions may be costly and time-consuming and may require us
to cease operations at these centers which may limit our commercialization efforts and adversely impact our business. 

We
intend to engage with one or more third-party telemedicine companies to provide physicians to evaluate patients who respond to our direct-to-consumer DTC marketing activities seeking EsoGuard testing and, if clinically indicated, refer the patient to our patient service
centers to undergo EsoCheck specimen collection for EsoGuard testing. Telemedicine, and its specific use in conjunction with DTC, is
subject to numerous federal and state regulations and faces particularly intense scrutiny by these regulators. If we fail to comply with
federal healthcare regulations, we could face substantial penalties, sanctions, fines or prosecution and our business, operations and
financial condition could be adversely affected. 

One
element of our growth strategy is to expand EsoGuard commercialization across multiple channels, including DTC marketing. The logistics
required to manage a patient s journey through a DTC/telemedicine program, in a manner which is compliant with all applicable regulations,
are complex and require very careful coordination between us and our third-party telemedicine and laboratory partners broadly operating
within our quality management system. Our activities and the activities of our third-party partners on our behalf within this DTC/telemedicine
program are subject to numerous federal and state regulations. The telemedicine provider itself may be subject to additional state regulations
relating to the corporate practice of medicine, test orders, patient consents, medical necessity requirements and billing regulations.
Telemedicine, and its specific use in conjunction with DTC, faces particularly intense scrutiny from regulators due to numerous cases
of companies failing to operate in this space with a properly functioning regulatory and compliance infrastructure. 

We
cannot guarantee that our personnel or those of our third-party partners will comply with the applicable regulations at all times. If
any such personnel fail to comply with regulations, we could face substantial penalties, sanctions, fines or prosecution and our business,
operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

Many
aspects of our business, beyond the specific elements described above, are subject to complex, intertwined, costly and/or burdensome
federal health care laws and regulations which may open to interpretation and be subject to varying levels of discretionary enforcement.
If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations and financial
condition could be adversely affected. 

Even
though we do not and do not expect to control referrals of healthcare services or bill directly to Medicare, Medicaid or other third-party
payors, certain federal and state healthcare laws and regulations pertaining to fraud and abuse and patients rights are and will
be applicable to our business. We could be subject to healthcare fraud and abuse and patient privacy regulation by both the federal government
and the states in which we conduct our business. The regulations that may affect our ability to operate include, without limitation: 

the
 federal healthcare program Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, any
 person from knowingly and willfully offering, soliciting, receiving, or providing remuneration,
 directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual
 for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service for which payment may
 be made under federal healthcare programs, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; 
 
 the
 U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, which prohibits payments or the
 provision of anything of value to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping
 business; 
 
 the
 federal False Claims Act, or FCA, which prohibits, among other things, individuals
 or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, false claims, or knowingly
 using false statements, to obtain payment from the federal government, and which may apply
 to entities like us which provide coding and billing advice to customers; 
 
 federal
 criminal laws that prohibit executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program
 or making false statements relating to healthcare matters; 
 
 the
 federal transparency requirements under the Health Care Reform Law requires manufacturers
 of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies to report to the Department of Health and
 Human Services information related to physician payments and other transfers of value and
 physician ownership and investment interests; 
 
 the
 federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health
 Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, which governs the conduct of
 certain electronic healthcare transactions and protects the security and privacy of protected
 health information, and 
 
 state
 law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims
 laws which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including
 commercial insurers. 

30 

The
PPACA, among other things, amends the intent requirement of the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute and criminal healthcare fraud statutes.
A person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it. In addition, the PPACA
provides that the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the Federal Anti-Kickback
Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the FCA. 

In
2018, Congress passed Eliminating Kickbacks in Recovery Act EKRA as part of the Substance Use-Disorder Prevention that
Promotes Opioid Recovery and Treatment for Patients and Communities Act. Similar to the Anti-Kickback Statute, EKRA imposes criminal
penalties for knowing or willful payment or offer, or solicitation or receipt, of any remuneration, whether directly or indirectly, overtly
or covertly, in cash or in kind, in exchange for the referral or inducement of laboratory testing (among other healthcare services) unless
a specific exception applies. However, unlike the Anti-Kickback Statute, EKRA is not limited to services covered by federal or state
healthcare programs but applies more broadly to services covered by healthcare benefit programs, including commercial insurers.
As currently drafted, EKRA potentially expands the universe of arrangements that could be subject to government enforcement under federal
fraud and abuse laws. In addition, while the Anti-Kickback Statute includes certain exceptions that are widely relied upon in the healthcare
industry, not all of those same exceptions apply under EKRA. Because EKRA is a relatively new law, there is no agency guidance or court
precedent to indicate how and to what extent it will be applied and enforced. We cannot assure you that our relationships with healthcare
providers, sales representatives, hospitals, customers, or any other party will not be subject to scrutiny or will survive regulatory
challenge under EKRA. 

Recently,
the medical device industry has been under heightened scrutiny as the subject of government investigations and regulatory or legal enforcement
actions involving manufacturers who allegedly offered unlawful inducements to potential or existing customers in an attempt to procure
their business, including arrangements with physician consultants. If our operations or arrangements are found to be in violation of
any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including civil
and criminal penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs and the curtailment or restructuring of our
operations. Any penalties, damages, fines, exclusions, curtailment or restructuring of our operations could adversely affect our ability
to operate our business and our financial results. The risk of us being found in violation of these laws is increased by the fact that
many of these laws are broad and their provisions are open to a variety of interpretations. Any action against us for violation of these
laws, even if we successfully defend against that action and the underlying alleged violations, could cause us to incur significant legal
expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. If the physicians or other providers or entities
with whom we do business are found to be non-compliant with applicable laws, they may be subject to sanctions, which could also have
a negative impact on our business. Moreover, achieving and sustaining compliance with applicable federal and state privacy, security
and fraud laws may prove costly. 

If
private or governmental third-party payors do not maintain reimbursement for our products at adequate reimbursement rates, we may be
unable to successfully commercialize our products which would limit or slow our revenue generation and likely have a material adverse
effect on our business. 

Successful
commercialization of our EsoGuard test and EsoCheck device, and of any other product or service we develop, license or acquire depends,
in large part, on the availability of adequate reimbursement from private or governmental third-party payors. 

EsoGuard s
PLA code 0114U has been granted gapfill determination through the CMS CLFS process, allowing us to engage directly with
Medicare Administrative Contractor MAC Palmetto GBA, whose Molecular Diagnostics Program MolDx performs
technical assessment of molecular diagnostic tests on behalf of itself and other MACs. We submitted EsoGuard payment and coverage dossiers
to MolDx in 2020. Although CMS granted EsoGuard final Medicare payment determination of 1,938.01, effective January 1, 2021, we are
awaiting Medicare local coverage determination from MolDx, where the Covid-19 pandemic and change of administrations has resulted in
a significant backlog of local coverage reviews. We have no information on when MolDx will complete its technical assessment of our dossier,
cannot predict whether or not it will grant EsoGuard local coverage determination and whether other MACs will utilize the MolDx determination. 

Commercial
third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement policies. Third-party
payors are increasingly attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement for new healthcare
products. As a result, there is uncertainty surrounding whether EsoGuard or EsoCheck, or any other product or service we develop, will
be eligible for coverage by third-party payors or, if eligible for coverage, what the reimbursement rates will be. Reimbursement of esophageal
precancer and cancer screening by a third-party payor may depend on a number of factors, including a payor s determination that
tests using our technologies are sufficiently sensitive and specific for esophageal cancer and precancer; not experimental or investigational;
approved or recommended by the major guidelines organizations; reliable, safe and effective; medically necessary; appropriate for the
specific patient; and cost-effective. 

Coverage
determinations and reimbursement rates are also subject to the effects of federal and state coverage mandates and other healthcare regulations
and reform initiatives as described below. As noted below, federal and state coverage mandates may be deemed not to apply to EsoGuard
and EsoCheck, may be interpreted in a manner unfavorable to us, may be difficult to enforce and are subject to repeal or modification.
For example, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the PPACA may be repealed or materially modified, in whole
or in part, or replaced with an alternative legal framework governing healthcare matter. Such repeal, modification or replacement may
eliminate or modify coverage mandates for preventive services, and any such elimination or modification may have an adverse effect on
our business prospects. 

In
addition to the risk of adverse reimbursement decisions, we also may experience material delays in obtaining such reimbursement decisions
and payment for our EsoGuard test and EsoCheck device that are beyond our control. Further, there can be no assurance that CMS and other
third-party payors who initially decide to cover our products will continue to do so. Coverage determinations and reimbursement rates
are subject to change, including as a result of reimbursement rate adjustments under the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014, PAMA as described below, and we cannot guarantee that even if we initially achieve coverage and adequate reimbursement rates, they will continue
to be applicable to our products in the future. Furthermore, it is possible that Medicare or other federal payors that provide reimbursement
for our tests may suspend, revoke or discontinue coverage at any time, may require co-payments from patients, or may reduce the reimbursement
rates payable to us. 

31 

If
we are unable to obtain favorable decisions from third-party payors, including CMS and managed care organizations, approving reimbursement
at adequate levels for our EsoGuard test and EsoCheck device, and any other product or service we may develop, or if coverage is later
revoked or reimbursement levels are reduced, our commercial success will be compromised, our ability to raise capital may be restricted
and our revenues would be significantly limited. Healthcare providers may be reluctant to prescribe our products if they believe that
reimbursement for the test will not be available for a significant number of their patients. 

Even
where a third-party payor agrees to cover EsoGuard and EsoCheck at an adequate reimbursement rate, other factors may have a significant
impact on the actual reimbursement we receive for an EsoGuard test or EsoCheck device from that payor. For example, if we do not have
a contract with a given payor, we may be deemed an out-of-network provider by that payor, which could result in the payor
allocating a portion of the cost of the EsoGuard test or EsoCheck device to the patient, notwithstanding any applicable coverage mandate.
We may be unsuccessful in our efforts to enter into, or maintain, a network contract with a given payor, and we expect that our network
status with a given payor may change from time to time for a variety of reasons, many of which may be outside our control. To the extent
EsoGuard or EsoCheck is out of network for a given payor, physicians may be less likely to prescribe EsoGuard and EsoCheck for their
patients and their patients may be less likely to comply with those prescriptions that are written. Also, some payors may require that
they give prior authorization for an EsoGuard test or EsoCheck device before they are willing to pay for it or review claims post-service
to ensure the service was medically appropriate for specific patients. Prior authorization and other medical management practices may
require that we, patients or physicians provide the payor with extensive medical records and other information. Prior authorization and
other medical management practices impose a significant additional cost on us, may be difficult to comply with given our position as
a laboratory that generally does not have direct access to patient medical records, may make physicians less likely to prescribe EsoGuard
and EsoCheck for their patients, and may make patients less likely to comply with physician orders for EsoGuard and EsoCheck, all or
any of which may have an adverse effect on our revenues. Payment rates also may vary according to the use of the product and the clinical
setting in which it is used, may be based on payments allowed for lower cost products that are already reimbursed and may be incorporated
into existing payments for other services. Net prices for products may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government
healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of products from countries
where they may be sold at lower prices than in the U.S. 

The
regulations that govern pricing and reimbursement for new products vary widely from country to country, and may adversely affect the
pricing, coverage and reimbursement rates of our products in other countries. 

The
regulations that govern pricing and reimbursement for new products vary widely from country to country. Some countries require approval
of the sale price of a product before it can be marketed. In many countries, the pricing review period begins after marketing clearance
or approval is granted. In some foreign markets, pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial approval
is granted. As a result, we might obtain regulatory clearance or approval for a product in a particular country, but then be subject
to price regulations that delay our commercial launch of the product and negatively impact the revenue we are able to generate from the
sale of the product in that country. In addition, to obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to
conduct a clinical trial that compares the cost-effectiveness of our product to other available therapies. Adverse pricing limitations
may hinder our ability to recoup our investment in the EsoGuard and EsoCheck products and any other products, tests or services we develop,
even if our products obtain regulatory approval. 

Due
to billing complexities in the diagnostic and laboratory service industry, we may not be able to collect payment for the EsoGuard tests
we perform. 

Billing
for diagnostic and laboratory services is a complex process. Laboratories bill many different payors including patients, private insurance
companies, Medicare, Medicaid, and employer groups, all of which have different billing requirements. We are continuing to work with
third-party payors to cover and reimburse EsoGuard tests. If we are unsuccessful, we may not receive payment for EsoGuard tests we perform
for patients on a timely basis, if at all, and we may not be able to provide services for patients with certain healthcare plans. We
may face lawsuits by government or commercial payors if they believe they have overpaid us for our EsoGuard test services. We may face
write-offs of doubtful accounts, disputes with payors and patients, and long collection cycles. We may face patient dissatisfaction,
complaints or lawsuits, including to the extent EsoGuard tests are not fully covered by insurers and patients become responsible for
all or part of the price of the test. As a result, patient compliance in fulfilling prescriptions for EsoGuard could be adversely affected.
To the extent patients express dissatisfaction with our billing practices to their physicians, those physicians may be less likely to
prescribe EsoGuard for other patients, and our business would be adversely affected. 

Even
if payors do agree to cover EsoGuard, our billing and collections process may be complicated by the following and other factors, which
may be beyond our control: 

disputes
 among payors as to which payor is responsible for payment; 
 
 disparity
 in coverage among various payors or among various healthcare plans offered by a single payor; 
 
 payer
 medical management requirements, including prior authorization requirements; 
 
 differing
 information and billing requirements among payors; and 
 
 failure
 by patients or physicians to provide complete and correct billing information. 

Furthermore,
our contracts with a commercial payor may not permit us to bill patients insured by that payor for amounts beyond deductibles, co-payments
and co-insurance as prescribed in the coverage agreement between the payor and the patients. Moreover, when contracted payors do not
cover an EsoGuard test, for example, for failure to satisfy prior-authorization or other payor medical management requirements, we may
not be permitted to collect the balance from the patient and our business may be adversely impacted. 

The
uncertainty of receiving payment for our EsoGuard test and complex laboratory billing processes could negatively affect our business
and our operating results. 

32 

Healthcare
reform measures could hinder or prevent our products commercial success. 

There
likely will be legislative and regulatory proposals at the federal and state levels directed at containing or lowering the cost of health
care. We cannot predict the initiatives that may be adopted in the future or their full impact. The continuing efforts of the government,
insurance companies, managed care organizations and other payors of healthcare services to contain or reduce costs of health care may
adversely affect: 

our
 ability to set a price that we believe is fair for our products; 
 
 our
 ability to generate revenue and achieve or maintain profitability; and 
 
 the
 availability of capital. 

Further,
changes in regulatory requirements and guidance may occur, both in the United States and in foreign countries, and we may need to amend
clinical study protocols to reflect these changes. Amendments may require us to resubmit our clinical study protocols to an IRB for reexamination,
which may impact the costs, timing or successful completion of a clinical study. In light of widely publicized events concerning the
safety risk of certain drug and medical device products, regulatory authorities, members of Congress, the Governmental Accounting Office,
medical professionals and the general public have all raised concerns about potential safety issues. These events have resulted in the
recall and withdrawal of medical device products, revisions to product labeling that further limit use of products and establishment
of risk management programs that may, for instance, restrict distribution of certain products or require safety surveillance or patient
education. The increased attention to safety issues may result in a more cautious approach by FDA or other regulatory authorities to
clinical studies and the medical device approval process. Adverse event data from clinical studies may receive greater scrutiny with
respect to product safety, which may make FDA or other regulatory authorities more likely to terminate or suspend clinical studies before
completion, or require longer or additional clinical studies that may result in substantial additional expense and a delay or failure
in obtaining approval or approval for a more limited indication than originally sought. 

Given
the serious public health risks of high profile adverse safety events with certain products, FDA or other regulatory authorities may
require, as a condition of approval, costly risk evaluation and mitigation strategies, which may include safety surveillance, restricted
distribution and use, patient education, enhanced labeling, special packaging or labeling, expedited reporting of certain adverse events,
preapproval of promotional materials and restrictions on direct-to-consumer advertising. 

Our
medical products may in the future be subject to product recalls that could harm our reputation, business, and financial results. 

FDA
has the authority to require the recall of commercialized medical device products in the event of material deficiencies or defects in
design or manufacture. In the case of FDA, the authority to require a recall must be based on an FDA finding that there is a reasonable
probability that the device would cause serious injury or death. Manufacturers may, under their own initiative, recall a product if any
material deficiency in a device is found. A government-mandated or voluntary recall by us or one of our distributors could occur as a
result of component failures, manufacturing errors, design or labeling defects or other deficiencies and issues. Recalls of any of our
products would divert managerial and financial resources and have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
FDA requires that certain classifications of recalls be reported to FDA within ten working days after the recall is initiated. Companies
are required to maintain certain records of recalls, even if they are not reportable to FDA. We may initiate voluntary recalls involving
our products in the future that we determine do not require notification of FDA. If FDA disagrees with our determinations, they could
require us to report those actions as recalls. A future recall announcement could harm our reputation with customers and negatively affect
its sales. In addition, FDA could take enforcement action for failing to report the recalls when they were conducted. No recalls of our
medical products have been reported to FDA. 

If
our medical products cause or contribute to a death or a serious injury, or malfunction in certain ways, we will be subject to medical
device reporting regulations, which can result in voluntary corrective actions or agency enforcement actions. 

Under
FDA medical device reporting regulations, medical device manufacturers are required to report to FDA information that a device has or
may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or has malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to death
or serious injury if the malfunction of the device or one of our similar devices were to recur. If we fail to report these events to
FDA within the required timeframes, or at all, FDA could take enforcement action against us. Any such adverse event involving our products
also could result in future voluntary corrective actions, such as recalls or customer notifications, or agency action, such as inspection
or enforcement action. Any corrective action, whether voluntary or involuntary, as well as defending ourselves in a lawsuit, will require
the dedication of our time and capital, distract management from operating our business, and may harm our reputation and financial results. 

33 

Product
liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to limit commercialization of our products. 

We
face an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to the sale of the EsoGuard and EsoCheck products and any other products
we develop. The marketing, sale and use of our products could lead to the filing of product liability claims against us if someone alleges
product failures, product malfunctions, manufacturing flaws, or design defects resulted in injury to patients. We may also be subject
to liability for a misunderstanding of, or inappropriate reliance upon, the information we provide. If we cannot successfully defend
ourselves against claims that a product we developed caused injuries, we may incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual
outcome, liability claims may result in: 

decreased
 demand for our products; 
 
 injury
 to our reputation and significant negative media attention; 
 
 withdrawal
 of patients from clinical studies or cancellation of studies; 
 
 significant
 costs to defend the related litigation and distraction to our management team; 
 
 substantial
 monetary awards to patients; 
 
 loss
 of revenue; and 
 
 the
 inability to commercialize any products that we may develop. 

In
addition, insurance coverage is increasingly expensive. We may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in
an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. 

Compliance
with the HIPAA security, privacy and breach notification regulations may increase our costs. 

The
HIPAA privacy, security and breach notification regulations, including the expanded requirements under HITECH, establish comprehensive
federal standards with respect to the uses and disclosures of protected health information, or PHI, by health plans, healthcare
providers and healthcare clearinghouses, in addition to setting standards to protect the confidentiality, integrity and security of PHI.
The regulations establish a complex regulatory framework on a variety of subjects, including: 

the
 circumstances under which uses and disclosures of PHI are permitted or required without a
 specific authorization by the patient, including but not limited to treatment purposes, activities
 to obtain payments for our services, and our healthcare operations activities; 
 
 a
 patient s rights to access, amend and receive an accounting of certain disclosures
 of PHI; 
 
 requirements
 to notify individuals if there is a breach of their PHI; 
 
 the
 contents of notices of privacy practices for PHI; 
 
 administrative,
 technical and physical safeguards required of entities that use or receive PHI; and 
 
 the
 protection of computing systems maintaining electronic PHI. 

We
have implemented practices intended to meet the requirements of the HIPAA privacy, security and breach notification regulations, as required
by law. We are required to comply with federal privacy, security and breach notification regulations as well as varying state privacy,
security and breach notification laws and regulations, which may be more stringent than federal HIPAA requirements. In addition, for
healthcare data transfers from other countries relating to citizens of those countries, we must comply with the laws of those countries.
The federal privacy regulations restrict our ability to use or disclose patient identifiable data, without patient authorization, for
purposes other than payment, treatment, healthcare operations and certain other specified disclosures such as public health and governmental
oversight of the healthcare industry. 

HIPAA
provides for significant fines and other penalties for wrongful use or disclosure of PHI, including potential civil and criminal fines
and penalties. Computer networks are always vulnerable to breach and unauthorized persons may in the future be able to exploit weaknesses
in the security systems of our computer networks and gain access to PHI. Additionally, we share PHI with third-parties who are legally
obligated to safeguard and maintain the confidentiality of PHI. Unauthorized persons may be able to gain access to PHI stored in such
third-parties computer networks. Any wrongful use or disclosure of PHI by us or such third-parties, including disclosure due to data
theft or unauthorized access to our or our third-parties computer networks, could subject us to fines or penalties that could adversely
affect our business and results of operations. Although the HIPAA statute and regulations do not expressly provide for a private right
of damages, we could also incur damages under state laws to private parties for the wrongful use or disclosure of confidential health
information or other private personal information. 

Risks
Associated with Our Intellectual Property and Technology Infrastructure 

We
may not be able to protect or enforce the intellectual property rights for the technology used in, or expected to be used in, our products,
which could impair our competitive position. 

Our
success depends significantly on our ability to protect the patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights and the other intellectual
property rights for the technology used, or expected to be used, in our products. We rely primarily on patent protection and trade secrets,
including the patents to the EsoGuard and EsoCheck technologies licensed by us from CWRU, as well as a combination of copyright and trademark
laws and nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements to protect the technology and other intellectual property on which we rely. However,
these legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or maintain any competitive
advantage. In addition, although we have the right to direct CWRU to seek patent protection for the EsoGuard and EsoCheck technology
in additional countries, we have limited control over the prosecution of any such application and have limited control over CWRU s
other intellectual property practices as they relate to the EsoGuard and EsoCheck technologies. Despite our intellectual property rights
practices, it may be possible for a third party to copy or otherwise obtain and use the technology on which we rely without authorization,
develop similar technology independently or design around our patents. Furthermore, protecting intellectual property rights is costly
and time consuming. We are responsible for the costs of CWRU in preparing, filing and prosecuting any patents related to the EsoGuard
technology (subject to a provision for cost sharing in the event CWRU grants additional licenses to the technology, none of which would
be permitted to overlap with our field of use). 

34 

Patents
relied on by us may expire or may be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, which could limit our ability to stop competitors from
marketing related technologies. If any of the patents fails to protect the technology used by us, it would make it easier for our competitors
to offer similar products. In addition, there is no assurance that competitors will not be able to design around the patents. Upon expiration
of the patents, we may lose some of our rights to exclude others from making, using, selling, or importing products using the technology
based on the expired patents. We cannot be assured that any pending or future patent applications for the technology on which we rely
will result in the issuance of a patent to us. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or the PTO, may deny or require significant
narrowing of claims in the patent applications, and patents issued as a result of the patent applications, if any, may not provide us
with significant commercial protection or be issued in a form that is advantageous to us. We could also incur substantial costs in proceedings
before the PTO. 

We
also rely on unpatented proprietary technology. We cannot assure you that we can meaningfully protect all our rights in our unpatented
proprietary technology or that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary products or processes or otherwise
gain access to our unpatented proprietary technology. We seek to protect our know-how and other unpatented proprietary technology with
confidentiality agreements and/or intellectual property assignment agreements with our team members, independent distributors and consultants.
However, such agreements may not be enforceable or may not provide meaningful protection for our proprietary information in the event
of unauthorized use or disclosure or other breaches of the agreements or in the event that our competitors discover or independently
develop similar or identical designs or other proprietary information. Our trade secrets may be vulnerable to disclosure or misappropriation
by employees, contractors, and other persons. 

We
also rely on the use of registered and common law trademarks with respect to the brand names of some of our products. Common law trademarks
provide less protection than registered trademarks. 

Furthermore,
we may not be able to obtain patent protection and other intellectual property rights in all the countries in which we operate, and under
the laws of such countries, patents and other intellectual property rights may be unavailable or limited in scope. 

Any
inability on our part to adequately protect our intellectual property may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

We
may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims by third parties which could be costly to defend, divert management s
attention and resources, and may result in liability. 

The
medical device industry is characterized by vigorous protection and pursuit of intellectual property rights. Companies in the medical
device industry have used intellectual property litigation to gain a competitive advantage in the marketplace. From time to time, third
parties may assert against us or CWRU their patent, copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property rights relating to technologies
that are important to our business. Searches for existing intellectual property rights may not reveal important intellectual property
and our competitors may also have filed for patent protection, information which is not publicly available, just as claimed trademark
rights may not be revealed through our searches. We may be subject to claims that our team members or CWRU s personnel have disclosed,
or that we have used, or CWRU has used, trade secrets or other proprietary information of our team members or CWRU s personnel s
former employers. Our efforts to identify and avoid infringing upon third parties intellectual property rights may not always
be successful. Any claims that our products or processes infringe these rights, regardless of their merit or resolution, could be costly,
time consuming and may divert the efforts and attention of our management and technical personnel. In addition, we may not prevail in
such proceedings given the complex technical issues and inherent uncertainties in intellectual property litigation. In any infringement
litigation against CWRU relating to the EsoGuard technology, we will have the right to assume the defense of such suit at our expense. 

Any
claims of patent or other intellectual property infringement against us or CWRU, even those without merit, could: 

increase
 the cost of our products; 
 
 be
 expensive and/or time consuming to defend; 
 
 result
 in our being required to pay significant damages to third parties; 
 
 force
 us to cease making or selling products that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; 
 
 require
 us to redesign, reengineer or rebrand our products and technologies; 
 
 require
 us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements in order to obtain the right to use a third
 party s intellectual property on terms that may not be favorable or acceptable to us; 
 
 require
 us to develop alternative non-infringing technology, which could require significant effort
 and expense; 
 
 require
 us to indemnify third parties pursuant to contracts in which we have agreed to provide indemnification
 for intellectual property infringement claims; 
 
 result
 in our customers or potential customers deferring or limiting their purchase or use of the
 affected products impacted by the claims until the claims are resolved; and 
 
 otherwise
 have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Any
of the foregoing could affect our ability to compete or have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Competitors
may violate the intellectual property rights for the technology used in, or expected to be used in, our products, and we may bring litigation
to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights, which may result in substantial expense and may divert our attention from implementing
our business strategy. 

We
believe that the success of our business will depend, in significant part, on obtaining patent protection for our products and technologies,
defending our patents and preserving our trade secrets and other proprietary intellectual property rights. Our failure to pursue any
potential claim could result in the loss of our proprietary intellectual property rights and harm our position in the marketplace. Therefore,
we may be forced to pursue litigation to enforce our rights. Future litigation could result in significant costs and divert the attention
of our management and key personnel from our business operations and the implementation of our business strategy. 

35 

Failure
in our information technology systems could significantly disrupt our operations and our research and development efforts, which could
adversely impact our revenues, as well as our research, development and commercialization efforts. 

Our
ability to execute our business strategy depends, in part, on the continued and uninterrupted performance of our information technology IT systems that support our operations and our research and development efforts, and those IT systems within the control
of our contract manufacturers. We are substantially dependent on those IT systems to receive and process EsoGuard test orders, securely
store patient health records and deliver the results of our EsoGuard tests. IT systems are vulnerable to damage from a variety of sources,
including telecommunications or network failures, malicious human acts including cyberattacks, and natural disasters. Despite the precautionary
measures we have taken to prevent unanticipated problems that could affect our IT systems, and the precautionary measures taken by our
contract parties, sustained or repeated system failures that interrupt our ability to generate and maintain data, and in particular to
operate our clinical laboratory, could adversely affect our ability to operate our business. Any interruption in the operation of IT
systems could have an adverse effect on our operations. 

System
upgrades, enhancements and replacements, as well as new systems, are required from time to time, and require significant expenditures
and allocation of valuable employee resources. Delays in integration or disruptions to our business from implementation of these new
or upgraded systems could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results. There can be no assurance
that our process of improving existing systems, developing new systems to support our expanding operations, integrating new systems,
protecting confidential patient information, and improving service levels will not be delayed or that additional systems issues will
not arise in the future. Failure to adequately protect and maintain the integrity of our information systems issues and data may result
in a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our
internal computer systems, or those used by our third-party research institution collaborators, vendors or other contractors or consultants,
may suffer security breaches. 

In
the ordinary course of our business, we and our contract manufacturers store sensitive data, including intellectual property, proprietary
business information, personally identifiable information of our employees and patient health records, in our data centers and on our
networks. The integrity and protection of our own data, and that of our customers and employees, is critical to our business. The regulatory
environment governing information, security and privacy laws is increasingly demanding and continues to evolve. Despite the implementation
of security measures by us and by our contractors, our internal computer systems and those of our contractors may be vulnerable to security
breaches and damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access and ransomware attacks, including the unauthorized encryption of data
stored on our computer network. Any such breach or attack could materially affect business operations and result in a loss of data, damage
to our IT systems, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, including protected health information, which
is protected by HIPAA and other laws. Any such access, disclosure, or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings,
liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, damage to our reputation, and delays in the commercialization
of our products. In addition, we could incur additional cost, expense and the diversion of time and resources to recover from such an
attack, and any such attach could cause our management to conclude that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

Risks
Associated with Our Relationship with PAVmed Inc. 

PAVmed,
owns a majority of our voting stock and thus may control certain actions requiring a stockholder vote. 

PAVmed
owns approximately 73 as of December 31, 2022 and 72 as of March 9, 2023 of our issued common stock (with such percentage
inclusive of shares of our common stock underlying granted but unvested restricted stock awards). Thus, we are a majority-owned subsidiary
of PAVmed, and PAVmed has a controlling financial interest. Accordingly, for the foreseeable future, PAVmed will control us and our corporate
affairs. So long as PAVmed continues to control more than 50 of the voting control of our common stock, PAVmed will be able to direct
the election of all the members of our board of directors. In addition, as long as PAVmed continues to control more than 50 of our common
stock, PAVmed will have the ability to take stockholder action without the vote of any other stockholder and without having to call a
stockholder meeting. Similarly, PAVmed will have the ability to prevent the approval of any action submitted to the stockholders. If
PAVmed does not provide any requisite consent allowing us to take any such action when requested, we will not be able to engage in the
related activities and, as a result, our business and our operating results may be harmed. 

PAVmed s
interests and objectives as a stockholder may not align with, or may even directly conflict with, your interests and objectives as a
stockholder. For example, PAVmed may be more or less interested in us entering into a transaction or conducting an activity due to the
impact such transaction or activity may have on PAVmed as a company, independent of us. In such instances, PAVmed may exercise its control
over us in a way that is beneficial to PAVmed, and you will not be able to affect the outcome so long as PAVmed continues to hold a majority
of the shareholder votes. 

In
the event PAVmed is acquired or otherwise undergoes a change of control, any acquiror or successor will be entitled to exercise the voting
control and contractual rights of PAVmed and may do so in a manner that could vary significantly from that of PAVmed. 

With
the goal of mitigating the risks flowing from PAVmed s control position, we have decided not to seek exemption as a controlled
company from the corporate governance rules of Nasdaq, and therefore will be bound by the same corporate governance principles
as other public companies, including the requirement that a majority of our directors be independent and that we maintain audit, compensation
and nominating committees comprised of independent directors. However, our decision not to rely on the controlled company 
exemption could change. Although we do not anticipate changing our decision, for so long as a majority of our outstanding common stock
is held by PAVmed (or by any other stockholder or group of stockholders), we could choose to rely on this exemption in the future to
avoid complying with certain of the Nasdaq corporate governance rules, including the rules that require us to have a board comprised
of at least 50 independent directors, to have board nominations either selected, or recommended for the board s selection, by
either a nominating committee comprised solely of independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors and to have officer
compensation determined, or recommended to the board for determination, either by a compensation committee comprised solely of independent
directors or by a majority of the independent directors. Any decision to rely on the controlled company exemption will
be disclosed in our annual proxy statement. 

36 

Certain
conflicts of interest may arise between us and our affiliated companies, including PAVmed, and in some cases we have waived certain rights
with respect thereto. 

Our
certificate of incorporation includes a provision stating that we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or being offered an opportunity
to participate in, any business opportunities, that are presented to our officers, directors, employees or stockholders, or affiliates
thereof, who are also officers, directors, employees or stockholders of PAVmed or affiliates thereof, each a PAVmed Party, 
and in which a PAVmed Party may have an interest or expectancy, a PAVmed Opportunity, except as may be prescribed by any
written agreement between us and PAVmed approved by our Board of Directors. In addition, no PAVmed Party will have any duty to communicate
or present such business opportunities to us, and no PAVmed Party will be liable to our company or our stockholders for breach of any
fiduciary duty, including by reason of a PAVmed Party pursuing or acquiring any PAVmed Opportunity. Pursuant to the management services
agreement, no PAVmed Party will pursue any opportunity related to commercializing the EsoGuard diagnostic test and the EsoCheck cell
collection device or developing and commercializing other products that use or enhance the same underlying technology. 

As
a result of the foregoing, a potential business opportunity may be presented by certain members of our management team to another entity
prior to its presentation to us and we may not be afforded the opportunity to engage in such a transaction. In addition, if any PAVmed
Party becomes aware of a potential business opportunity that is a PAVmed Opportunity (other than those specified in the management services
agreement), including any such opportunity relating to any other diagnostic test or medical device, he or she will be entitled to present
those opportunities to another PAVmed Party prior to presenting them to us. Accordingly, any conflicts of interest among us and our officers,
directors, stockholders or their affiliates, including PAVmed and certain of our officers and directors, relating to business opportunities
may not be resolved in our favor, and in cases where the business opportunity is a PAVmed Opportunity and it is presented to another
PAVmed Party, we have waived our right to monetary damages in the event of any such conflict. 

Our
ability to operate our business effectively may suffer if the MSA with PAVmed is insufficient to meet our needs or if, upon the termination
of the MSA, we do not cost-effectively establish our own fully functional financial, administrative, operational and other support systems
in order to operate as a stand-alone company. 

We
will continue to use PAVmed s services under the MSA until such time as our Board of Directors determines it would be in our best
interest to engage a dedicated management team. Upon termination or amendment of the MSA, we may need to create our own financial, administrative,
operational and other support systems or contract with third parties to replace PAVmed s systems. As such systems will be new,
it may take additional time to fully implement and stabilize these systems. In order to successfully implement our own systems and operate
as a stand-alone business, we must be able to attract and retain a number of highly skilled employees. 

The
services provided under the MSA may not be sufficient to meet our needs and, after we terminate the MSA, we may not be able to replace
these services or facilities at favorable costs and on favorable terms, if at all. Any gap in the services provided by PAVmed, or failure
or significant downtime in our own financial or administrative systems once established, could result in unexpected costs, impact our
results and/or prevent us from paying our suppliers and employees and performing other administrative services on a timely basis and
could materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We
cannot assure you that such services are not available at lower cost from third parties. Any payments made to PAVmed will reduce our
cash flow and profits. 

In
order to preserve the ability for PAVmed to distribute its shares of our common stock on a tax-free basis for U.S. federal income tax
purposes, we may be prevented from pursuing opportunities to raise capital, to effectuate acquisitions or to provide equity incentives
to our employees, which could hurt our ability to grow. 

Beneficial
ownership of at least 80 of the total voting power and 80 of each class of non-voting capital stock is required in order for PAVmed
to effect a spin-off of our company that is tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes. PAVmed has advised us that it does not have
any present intention or plans to undertake any spin-off. However, PAVmed may wish to preserve its ability to engage in a spin-off in
the future. If PAVmed decides to retain its ability to effectuate a spin-off, it may use its controlling position to prevent us from
raising capital, effectuating acquisitions or providing equity incentives to our employees. This could cause us to forgo capital raising
or acquisition opportunities that would otherwise be available to us. As a result, we may be precluded from pursuing certain growth initiatives. 

Any
disputes that arise between us and PAVmed with respect to our past and ongoing relationships could harm our business operations. 

Disputes
may arise between PAVmed and us in a number of areas relating to our past and ongoing relationships, including: 

employee
 allocation, retention and recruiting; 
 
 the
 nature, quality, and pricing of the services PAVmed has agreed to provide us; and 
 
 business
 opportunities that may be attractive to both PAVmed and us. 

We
may not be able to resolve any potential conflicts, and even if we do, the resolution may be less favorable than if we were dealing with
an unaffiliated party. 

37 

Risks
Associated with Ownership of Our Common Stock 

We
may issue shares of our capital stock or debt securities in the future which could reduce the equity interest of our stockholders and
might cause a change in control of our ownership. 

Our
certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value .001 per share, and 20,000,000
shares of preferred stock, par value .001 per share. There are 56,606,284 authorized but unissued shares of our common stock available
for issuance as of March 9, 2023 (inclusive of granted but unvested restricted stock awards granted as of each such date under
the Lucid Diagnostics 2018 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan). 

We
have issued and expect to continue to issue equity awards, including stock options, under our 2018 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan
(the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan and our Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the Lucid Diagnostics Inc.
ESPP ). In addition, in March 2022, we entered into a committed equity facility with an affiliate of Cantor. Under the terms
of the facility, Cantor has committed to purchase up to 50 million in shares of our common shares stock from time to time at the
our request. In August 2022, we entered into a sixth amendment to the management services agreement with PAVmed, pursuant to which
PAVmed may elect to receive payment of the monthly fee under the management services agreement in cash or in shares of our common
stock valued at a price based on the current market price, subject to a floor price and a maximum number of shares. In November
2022, we also entered into an at-the-market offering for up to 6.5 million of our common stock that may be offered
and sold under a Controlled Equity Offering Agreement between us and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Also in November 2022, we entered into the PBERA with PAVmed, pursuant to which PAVmed will continue to pay certain
payroll and benefit-related expenses on our behalf and we will reimburse PAVmed, in cash or, subject to approval by each of our boards
of directors, in shares of our common stock valued at a price based on the current market price, subject to a floor price and a maximum
number of shares. Furthermore, in March 2023, we
issued shares of Series A Preferred Stock that, in accordance with the terms thereof, could be converted into, in the aggregate, up
to 9,782,750 million shares of our common stock. 

In addition, we may issue a substantial
number of additional shares of our common stock or preferred stock or incur indebtedness, or issue or incur a combination of common and
preferred stock and indebtedness, to raise additional funds or in connection with any strategic acquisition or as compensation to our
officers, directors, employees and consultants. 

The issuance of additional shares of
our common stock or any number of shares of our preferred stock, and the availability for sale of such shares in the public
markets: 

may
 significantly dilute the equity interest of our current investors; 
 
 may
 subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights
 senior to those afforded to our common stockholders; 
 
 may
 cause a change in control if a substantial number of our shares of common stock are issued,
 which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards,
 if any, and most likely also result in the resignation or removal of some or all of our present
 officers and directors; and 
 
 may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock. 

Similarly,
if we incur indebtedness, it could result in: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues were insufficient to pay our debt
 obligations; 
 
 acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we have made all principal and interest
 payments when due if the debt security contains covenants that require the maintenance of
 certain financial ratios or reserves, and any such covenant is breached without a waiver
 or renegotiation of that covenant; 
 
 our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is
 payable on demand; 
 
 our
 inability to obtain additional financing, if necessary, if the debt security contains covenants
 restricting our ability to obtain additional financing while such security is outstanding;
 and 
 
 our
 inability to conduct acquisitions, joint ventures or similar arrangements if the debt security
 contains covenants restricting such transactions or the funding thereof or requiring prior
 approval of the debt holders. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research, about our business, our stock
price and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock will depend, in part, on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about
us or our business. Securities and industry analysts do not currently, and may never, publish research on our company. If no securities
or industry analysts commence coverage of our company, the trading price for our common stock would likely be negatively impacted. In
the event securities or industry analysts initiate coverage, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock or publish
inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price would likely decline. In addition, if our operating results fail
to meet the forecast of analysts, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company
or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price and trading
volume to decline. 

Nasdaq
may in the future delist our common stock, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject
us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our
common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market. We are required to meet certain financial and liquidity criteria to maintain the
listing of our common stock on Nasdaq. If we violate the Nasdaq continued listing requirements or fail to meet any of Nasdaq s
continued listing standards, our common stock may be delisted. In addition, while we have no present intention to do so, our Board of
Directors may determine that the cost of maintaining our listing on a national securities exchange outweighs the benefits of such listing. 

38 

If
Nasdaq delists our common stock from trading on its exchange, or we voluntarily remove our common stock from listing, we could face significant
material adverse consequences, including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our common stock; 

reduced
 liquidity with respect to our common stock; 
 
 a
 determination that our shares of common stock are penny stock which will require
 brokers trading in our shares of common stock to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly
 resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our
 shares of common stock; 
 
 a
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and 
 
 a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

Our
stock price may be volatile, and purchasers of our common stock could incur substantial losses. 

Our
stock price is likely to be volatile. The stock market in general, and the market for life science companies, and medical device companies
in particular, have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies.
As a result of this volatility, investors may not be able to sell their common stock at or above the initial public offering price. The
market price for our common stock may be influenced by many broad market and industry factors. These broad market and industry factors
may seriously harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. In addition, the market price for our
common stock may be subject to price movements that may not comport with macro, industry or company-specific fundamentals, including,
without limitation, the sentiment of retail investors (including as may be expressed on financial trading and other social media sites
and online forums), the direct access by retail investors to broadly available trading platforms, the amount and status of short interest
in our securities, access to margin debt, trading in options and other derivatives on our common stock and any related hedging and other
trading factors. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market, securities class-action litigation has often been instituted
against companies. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management s attention
and resources, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 

We
do not intend to pay any dividends on our common stock at this time. 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our shares of common stock to date. The payment of cash dividends on our common stock in the future
will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition and will be within the
discretion of our Board of Directors. It is the present intention of our Board of Directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in
our business operations and, accordingly, our Board of Directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends on our common stock in the
foreseeable future. As a result, any gain you will realize on our common stock will result solely from the appreciation of such shares. 

We
will incur significantly increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote
substantial time to compliance initiatives. 

As
a public company, we will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. We will
be subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the other rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission, or SEC, and the rules and regulations of Nasdaq. The expenses that will be required in order to
adequately prepare for being a public company will be material, and compliance with the various reporting and other requirements applicable
to public companies will require considerable time and attention of management. For example, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules of
the SEC and national securities exchanges have imposed various requirements on public companies, including requiring establishment and
maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount
of time to these compliance initiatives. These rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs
and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, we expect these rules and regulations to make it more difficult
and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits
on coverage or incur substantial costs to maintain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these events could also make it more difficult
for us to attract and retain qualified personnel to serve on our Board of Directors, our board committees, or as executive officers. 

If
we fail to establish and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the
accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could decline significantly. 

Ensuring
that we have adequate internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in place so that we can produce accurate financial statements
on a timely basis is a costly and time-consuming effort that needs to be re-evaluated frequently. As a public company, we will be required
to maintain internal controls over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal controls. Section 404 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires annual management assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. However,
our auditors will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act until we are no longer an emerging growth company if we continue to take advantage of the exemptions
available to us through the JOBS Act. 

Implementing
any appropriate changes to our internal controls may distract our officers and employees, entail substantial costs to modify our existing
processes and take significant time to complete. These changes may not, however, be effective in maintaining the adequacy of our internal
controls, and any failure to maintain that adequacy, or consequent inability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis,
could increase our operating costs and harm our business. In addition, investors perceptions that our internal controls are inadequate
or that we are unable to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis could cause investors to lose confidence in the accuracy
and completeness of our financial reports and could cause the market price of our common stock to decline significantly. 

39 

We
are subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure expectations and regulations that impact compliance costs and risks
of noncompliance. 

We
are subject to changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of governmental and self-regulatory organizations, including the
SEC and Nasdaq, as well as evolving investor expectations around corporate governance and environmental and social practices and disclosures.
These rules and regulations continue to evolve in scope and complexity, and many new requirements have been created in response to laws
enacted by the U.S. and foreign governments, making compliance more difficult and uncertain. The increase in costs to comply with such
evolving expectations, rules and regulations, as well as any risk of noncompliance, could adversely impact us. 

We
are an emerging growth company, and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth
companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, or the JOBS Act, which was enacted
in April 2012. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including not being required to comply
with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding
a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier. We will
remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the completion
of our initial public offering, (2) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion,
(3) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by
non-affiliates exceeds 700.0 million as of the prior June 30th, and (4) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible
debt securities during the prior three-year period. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because
we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading
market for our common stock and our stock price may suffer or be more volatile. 

Under
the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards issued subsequent to the enactment of
the JOBS Act until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to use the extended transition period for
complying with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier
of the date we (i) are no longer an emerging growth company or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition
period under the JOBS Act. 

Provisions
in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us more difficult and may prevent attempts by
our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 

Provisions
in our corporate charter and our bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control of us that
stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares.
These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, thereby
depressing the market price of our common stock. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders
to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our Board of Directors.
Because our Board of Directors is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions could in turn affect
any attempt by our stockholders to replace current members of our management team. Among others, these provisions include the following. 

our
 Board of Directors will be divided into three classes with staggered three-year terms which
 may delay or prevent a change of our management or a change in control; 
 
 our
 Board of Directors will have the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the
 expansion of our Board of Directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which
 will prevent stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our Board of Directors; 
 
 our
 certificate of incorporation will not permit cumulative voting in the election of directors,
 which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; and 
 
 our
 stockholders will be required to provide advance notice and additional disclosures in order
 to nominate individuals for election to our Board of Directors or to propose matters that
 can be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential
 acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate
 of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 

Moreover,
because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which
prohibits a person who owns in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us for a period of three
years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock, unless the merger
or combination is approved in a prescribed manner. 

40 

Our
charter provides, subject to limited exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum
for certain stockholder litigation matters, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for
disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or stockholders. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, subject to limited exceptions,
that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other
similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder
bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel in any action brought to
enforce the exclusive forum provision. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock
shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability
created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. In addition, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent
jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the
rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will provide that the Court of Chancery and the federal
district court for the District of Delaware will have concurrent jurisdiction over any action arising under the Securities Act or the
rules and regulations thereunder, and the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability
created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction.
To the extent the exclusive forum provision restricts the courts in which our stockholders may bring claims arising under the Securities
Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provision. Investors cannot
waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

This
exclusive forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes
with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims.
By requiring a stockholder to bring such a claim in the Court of Chancery (or the federal district court for the District of Delaware,
in the case of an action under the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder), the exclusive forum provision also may increase
the costs to a stockholder of bringing such a claim. Alternatively, if a court were to find the exclusive forum provision contained in
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs
associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

41 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Property 

Our
corporate offices are located at 360 Madison Avenue, 25th Floor, New York, NY 10017, which is leased through our parent corporation PAVmed
Inc. The lease for this space is for seven years and eight months, starting on February 1, 2023, and may not be terminated prior to expiration
of its stated term, except in limited circumstances due to misconduct by our landlord. 

The
Company has a lease agreement for its CLIA laboratory in California with 21,019 square feet, which has a remaining term of 2
years. We also have lease agreements for our Lucid Test Centers in various locations in Arizona, California, Colorado, Florida, Idaho,
Illinois, Nevada, Ohio, Oregon, Texas and Utah that in the aggregate approximate 11,429 square feet. At this time, we
consider our facility space to be commensurate with our current operations. Notwithstanding, we may obtain additional office space in
the future, as warranted by our business operations. 

Effective
with their respective lease commencement dates, subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company has entered into additional lease agreements
for additional Lucid Testing Centers (LTCs) with an aggregate of approximately 2,046 square feet. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

In
the ordinary course of our business, particularly as it begins commercialization of its products, the Company may be subject to certain
other legal actions and claims, including product liability, consumer, commercial, tax and governmental matters, which may arise from
time to time. Except as otherwise noted herein, the Company does not believe it is currently a party to any other pending legal proceedings.
Notwithstanding, legal proceedings are subject-to inherent uncertainties, and an unfavorable outcome could include monetary damages,
and excessive verdicts can result from litigation, and as such, could result in a material adverse impact on the Company s business,
financial position, results of operations, and /or cash flows. Additionally, although the Company has specific insurance for certain
potential risks, the Company may in the future incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims which may have a material adverse
impact on the Company s business, financial position, results of operations, and /or cash flows. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

42 

Part
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrants Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
for Common Equity 

Our
common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol LUCD . 

Holders 

As of March 9, 2023, there were 43,393,716 shares of our common stock
issued. Our shares of common stock are held by an estimated 19 holders of record and we believe our shares of common stock are held
by significantly more beneficial owners. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date. Any future decisions regarding dividends will be made by our board of directors.
We do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future but expect to retain earnings to finance the growth of our business.
Our board of directors has complete discretion on whether to pay dividends. Even if our board of directors decides to pay dividends,
the form, frequency and amount will depend upon our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial
condition, contractual restrictions and other factors the board of directors may deem relevant. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds 

Except
as previously disclosed in our current reports on Form 8-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and except as disclosed below, we did
not sell any unregistered securities or repurchase any of our securities during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

On
October 14, 2021, we completed our initial public offering IPO of our common stock under an effective registration statement
on Form S-1 (SEC File No. 333-259721). As of December 31, 2022, of the net proceeds of 64.4 million, approximately 43.7 million has
been used, in a manner consistent with the use of proceeds set forth in the prospectus for our IPO, as follows: approximately 5.3 million
of net repayments of Due To: PAVmed Inc.; approximately 5.0 million for the purchase of our laboratory equipment, software, and its
operating expenses; and 33.4 million of working capital expenditures. None of the proceeds have been paid to any of our directors, officers,
10 stockholders, or affiliates, other than as described above. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

43 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our
consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the information contained
in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including information with respect to our
plans and strategy for our business and related financing, includes forward-looking statements involving risks and uncertainties and
should be read together with the Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors sections of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K for a discussion of important factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in
or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. Unless the context otherwise requires,
references herein to we , us , and our , and to the Company or Lucid 
are to Lucid Diagnostics Inc. and its subsidiaries LucidDx Labs Inc. LucidDx Labs and CapNostics, LLC CapNostics ). 

Overview 

Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. Lucid is a commercial-stage medical diagnostics technology company focused on the millions of patients
with gastroesophageal reflux disease GERD ), also known as chronic heartburn, acid reflux or simply reflux, who are at
risk of developing esophageal precancer and cancer, specifically highly lethal esophageal adenocarcinoma EAC ). References
in this Form 10-K to we, us and our are to Lucid and, unless the context otherwise requires,
its subsidiaries. 

We
believe that our flagship product, the EsoGuard Esophageal DNA Test, performed on samples collected with the EsoCheck Esophageal Cell
Collection Device, constitutes the first and only commercially available diagnostic test capable of serving as a widespread screening
tool to prevent esophageal adenocarcinoma EAC deaths, through early detection of esophageal precancer in at-risk gastroesophageal
reflux disease GERD, also commonly known as chronic heartburn, acid reflux or simply reflux) patients. 

EsoGuard
is a bisulfite-converted next-generation sequencing (NGS) DNA assay performed on surface esophageal cells collected with EsoCheck. It
quantifies methylation at 31 sites on two genes, Vimentin (VIM) and Cyclin A1 (CCNA1). The assay was evaluated in a 408-patient multicenter
case-control study published in Science Translational Medicine and showed greater than 90 sensitivity and specificity at detecting esophageal
precancer and all conditions along the BE-EAC spectrum, including on samples collected with EsoCheck (Moinova, et al. Sci Transl Med.
2018 Jan 17;10(424): eaao5848). EsoGuard is commercially available in the U.S. as a Laboratory Developed Test (LDT) performed at our
CLIA-certified laboratory. Cell samples, including those collected with EsoCheck, as discussed below, are sent to our laboratory, for
testing and analyses using our proprietary EsoGuard NGS DNA assay. 

EsoCheck
is an FDA 510(k) and CE Mark cleared noninvasive swallowable balloon capsule catheter device capable of sampling surface esophageal cells
in a less than five-minute office. It consists of a vitamin pill-sized rigid plastic capsule tethered to a thin silicone catheter from
which a soft silicone balloon with textured ridges emerges to gently swab surface esophageal cells. When vacuum suction is applied, the
balloon and sampled cells are pulled into the capsule, protecting them from contamination and dilution by cells outside of the targeted
region during device withdrawal. We believe this proprietary Collect+Protect technology makes EsoCheck the only noninvasive esophageal
cell collection device capable of such anatomically targeted and protected sampling. 

EsoGuard
and EsoCheck are based on patented technology licensed by Lucid from Case Western Reserve University CWRU ). EsoGuard and
EsoCheck have been developed to provide an accurate, non-invasive, patient-friendly screening test for the early detection of adenocarcinoma
of the esophagus EAC and Barrett s Esophagus BE ), including dysplastic BE and related pre-cursors
to EAC in patients with chronic gastroesophageal reflux GERD ). 

Recent
Developments 

Business 

Status
of Clinical Trials 

We
are currently seeking to accelerate our collection of clinical utility data through a range of trials that can be efficiently executed.
These efforts include a planned investigator-initiated, retrospective analysis of prospectively collected data on the approximately 400
San Antonio fire fighters who underwent testing as part of a community-sponsored cancer awareness event (in
respect of which we expect to publish results in the first half of 2023) ; an ongoing investigator-initiated, retrospective, single-center,
study with 500 patients (in respect of which we expect to publish results mid-2023), a virtual-patient randomized controlled trial with
intended recruitment of 100-200 physician participants (in respect of which we expect to publish
results this year) ; a Lucid-sponsored multi-center, prospective, observational study with 500 patients; and a Lucid-sponsored
registry at existing Lucid Test Centers, whereby all patients undergoing EsoCheck testing will be given the opportunity to provide informed
consent and contribute data about their risk factors, EsoGuard results, and subsequent diagnostic and/or therapeutic journey. Both Lucid-sponsored
observational/registry studies expect to have preliminary results and/or interim analysis before the end of 2023. 

As
previously disclosed, consequently, we have decided to delay for the time being the two previously commenced clinical trials, the EsoGuard
screening study BE-1 and the EsoGuard case-control study BE-2 ), as we are devoting
our clinical resources to the studies cited above, which we expect will more efficiently generate the clinical data we are currently
prioritzing to drive EsoGuard commercialization. 

44 

LucidDx
Labs Laboratory Operations Update 

On
February 14, 2023, we and our subsidiary, LucidDx Labs Inc., entered into an agreement (the MSA Termination Agreement with RDx, pursuant to which the parties mutually agreed to terminate the MSA-RDx without cause. The termination was effective as February
10, 2023. Until the termination of the MSA-RDx, RDx had continued to provide certain testing and related services for the Laboratory
in accordance with the terms of the MSA-RDx. Recently, however, we accelerated the development of internal resources necessary to operate
the Laboratory entirely on its own. Accordingly, we believe that termination of the MSA-RDx will improve the efficiency of the performance
of the EsoGuard assay. 

Among
other things, the MSA Termination Agreement reduces the remaining amounts of the earnout payments and management fees due under the APA-RDx
and the MSA-RDx to 725,000 (from the 3,450,000 that would otherwise have been payable under the APA and MSA if the MSA had remained
in effect through the balance of its stated term), resulting in a net savings to us of 2,725,000. The payment was satisfied through
the issuance of 553,436 shares of Lucid Diagnostics common stock on February 25, 2023. we were not required to make any cash payments
in connection with the termination. 

#CheckYourFoodTube
Events 

In
January 2023, we successfully completed our first #CheckYourFoodTube Precancer Testing Event, in partnership with Rachelle Hamblin, M.D.,
M.P.H., and the San Antonio Fire Department (SAFD), to detect esophageal precancer in at-risk members of the department. The SAFD testing
event was held over two weekends in January, which has been designated as Firefighter Cancer Awareness Month by the International Association
of Fire Fighters (IAFF). A total of 391 members, nearly one-quarter of the department, who were deemed by Dr. Hamblin to be at-risk for
esophageal precancer, underwent a brief, on-site, noninvasive cell collection procedure, performed by our clinical personnel using EsoCheck.
Firefighters with suspected esophageal precancer based on a positive EsoGuard result were identified, including some less than forty
years of age, and will undergo appropriate monitoring and treatment, as indicated by clinical practice guidelines, to prevent progression
to esophageal cancer. These events, which we look to expand across the country, are an extension of our expanding satellite Lucid Test
Center (sLTC) program, which brings our precancer testing directly to patients at their physician s office and now at large
testing day events. We demonstrated that our nurse practitioners can each perform up to fifty EsoCheck procedures in a day, and our laboratory
team handled over two hundred incoming samples in a day, while maintaining turnaround times at target. These successes provide an excellent
foundation for future testing events as we continue to drive EsoGuard commercialization using all the tools at our disposal. 

Payroll
and Benefit Expense Reimbursement Agreement 

On
November 30, 2022, PAVmed and we entered into a payroll and benefit expense reimbursement agreement (the PBERA ). Historically,
PAVmed has paid for certain payroll and benefit-related expenses in respect of our personnel on our behalf, and we have reimbursed PAVmed
for the same. Pursuant to the PBERA, PAVmed will continue to pay such expenses, and we will continue to reimburse PAVmed for the same.
The PBERA now provides that the expenses will be reimbursed on a quarterly basis or at such other frequency as the parties may determine,
in cash or, subject to approval by PAVmed s and our boards of directors, in shares of our common stock, with such shares valued
at the volume weighted average price of such stock during the final ten trading days preceding the later of the two dates on which such
stock issuance is approved by PAVmed s and our boards of directors (subject to a floor price of 0.40 per share), or in a combination
of cash and shares. However, in no event shall we issue any shares of our common stock to PAVmed in satisfaction of all or any portion
of the expenses if the issuance of such shares of our common stock would exceed the maximum number of shares of common stock that we
may issue under the rules or regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ), unless we obtain the approval of our
stockholders as required by the applicable rules of the Nasdaq for issuances of shares of our common stock in excess of such amount. 

Financing 

Series A Preferred Stock Offering 

On March 7, 2023, we
entered into subscription agreements for the sale of 13,625 shares of Series A preferred stock (the Series A Preferred
Stock ). Each share of the Series A Preferred Stock has a stated value of 1,000 and a conversion price of 1.394. The
terms of the Series A Preferred Stock also include a one times preference on liquidation and a right to receive dividends equal to
20 of the number of shares into which such Series A Preferred Stock is convertible, payable on the one-year and two-year
anniversary of the issuance date. The Series A Preferred Stock is a non-voting security, other than with respect to limited matters
related to changes in terms of the Series A Preferred Stock. The aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of shares in such offering
were 13.625 million. 

45 

Private Placement - Securities Purchase Agreement 

Effective as of March 13, 2023,
we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement SPA with an accredited institutional investor Investor ,
 Lender , and /or Holder ), pursuant to which we agreed to sell, and the Investor agreed to purchase a Senior
Secured Convertible Note with a face value principal of 11.1 million (the March 2023 Senior Convertible Note ). The
issuance of the March 2023 Senior Convertible Note is subject to customary closing conditions. 

The March 2023 Senior Secured Convertible Note would have a 7.875 annual
stated interest rate, a contractual conversion price of 5.00 per share of the Company s common stock (subject to standard adjustments
in the event of any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction), and a contractual
maturity date of the two-year anniversary of the date of issuance. The March 2023 Senior Convertible Note would be convertible into or
otherwise paid in shares of the Company s common stock. 

Under the March 2023
Senior Convertible Note, the Company would be subject to certain customary affirmative and negative covenants regarding the
incurrence of indebtedness, the existence of liens, the repayment of indebtedness and the making of investments, the payment of cash
in respect of dividends, distributions or redemptions, the transfer of assets, the maturity of other indebtedness, and transactions
with affiliates, among other customary matters. Under the March 2023 Senior Convertible Note, the Company would also be subject to
financial covenants requiring that (i) the amount of our available cash equal or exceed 5.0 million at all times, (ii) the ratio of
(a) the outstanding principal amount of the notes issued under the SPA, accrued and unpaid interest thereon and accrued and unpaid
late charges to (b) the Company s average market capitalization over the prior ten trading days, not exceed 30 , and (iii)
that the Company s market capitalization shall at no time be less than an amount to be agreed upon. 

Committed Equity Facility and ATM Facility 

In March 2022, we entered into a
committed equity facility with an affiliate of Cantor Fitzgerald Cantor ). Under the terms of the facility, Cantor has committed
to purchase up to 50 million of our common stock from time to time upon our request. While there are distinct differences, the facility
is structured similarly to a traditional at-the-market equity facility, insofar as it allows us to raise primary capital on a periodic
basis at prices based on the existing market price. Through December 31, 2022, 680,263 shares of our common stock were issued under this
facility for total proceeds of 1.8 million. 

In November 2022, Lucid Diagnostics also entered into an at-the-market
offering for up to 6.5 million of its common stock that may be offered and sold under a Controlled Equity Offering Agreement between
Lucid Diagnostics and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. In the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no Lucid Diagnostics shares sold through
their at-the-market equity facility. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, through March 9, 2023, Lucid Diagnostics sold 230,068 shares through
its at-the-market equity facility for approximately 0.3 million. 

46 

Results
of Operations 

Overview 

Revenue 

The
Company recognized revenue resulting from the delivery of patient EsoGuard test results when the Company considered the collection of
such consideration to be probable to the extent that it is unconstrained. Additionally, revenue was recognized with respect to the EsoGuard
Commercialization Agreement, dated August 1, 2021, between the Company and RDx, a CLIA certified commercial laboratory service provider.
On February 25, 2022, the EsoGuard Commercialization Agreement was terminated upon the execution of an Asset Purchase Agreement between
the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary of LucidDx Labs Inc. and RDx. 

Cost
of revenue 

Cost
of revenues recognized from the delivery of patient EsoGuard test results includes costs related to EsoCheck device usage, shipment of
test collection kits, royalties and the cost of services to process tests and provide results to physicians. We incur expenses for tests
in the period in which the activities occur, therefore, gross margin as a percentage of revenue may vary from quarter to quarter due
to costs being incurred in one period that relate to revenues recognized in a later period. 

We
expect that gross margin for our services will continue to fluctuate and be affected by EsoGuard test volume, our operating efficiencies,
patient compliance rates, payer mix, the levels of reimbursement, and payment patterns of payers and patients. 

The
cost of revenue recognized with respect to the revenue recognized under the EsoGuard Commercialization Agreement is inclusive of: a royalty
fee incurred under the Amended CWRU License Agreement; the MSA Fee (as defined and discussed herein below) allocated to cost of revenue,
which is principally employee related costs of PAVmed employees engaged in the administration to patients of the EsoCheck cell sample
collection procedure (principally at the Lucid Test Centers); the EsoCheck devices and EsoGuard mailers (cell sample shipping costs)
distributed to medical practitioners locations and the Lucid Test Centers; and Lucid Test Centers operating expenses, including rent
expense and supplies. 

Sales
and marketing expenses 

Sales
and marketing expenses consist primarily of salaries and related costs for employees engaged in sales and marketing activities, as well
as the portion of the MSA Fee allocated to sales and marketing expenses, which are principally employee related costs of PAVmed employees
who are performing services for the Company. We anticipate our sales and marketing expenses will increase in the future, as we anticipate
an increase in payroll and related expenses related to our commercial sales and marketing operations as we execute on our business strategy. 

General
and administrative expenses 

General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of professional fees, accounting and legal services, consultants and expenses associated
with obtaining and maintaining patents within our intellectual property portfolio, along with the portion of the MSA Fee allocated to
general and administrative expenses. 

We
anticipate our general and administrative expenses will increase in the future related to continued expansion of our overall business
operations. We also anticipate expenses related to being a public company, including professional services fees for legal, accounting,
tax, audit, employees involved in third-party payor reimbursement contract negotiations and regulatory services associated with maintaining
compliance as a public company, along with insurance premiums, investor relations, and other corporate expenses. 

Research
and development expenses 

Research
and development expenses are recognized in the period they are incurred and consist principally of internal and external expenses incurred
for the development of our technologies and conducting clinical trials, including: 

consulting
 costs charged to us by various external contract research organizations we contract with
 to conduct clinical and preclinical studies and engineering design and development; 
 
 costs
 associated with regulatory filings; 
 
 patent
 license fees; 
 
 cost
 of laboratory supplies and acquiring, developing, and manufacturing preclinical prototypes; 
 
 product
 design engineering studies; 
 
 fees
 associated with conducting clinical trials for our EsoGuard diagnostic assay; and 

MSA
 Fee allocated to research and development, as such MSA Fee are discussed below. 

We
plan to incur research and development expenses for the foreseeable future as we continue the development of our existing products as
well as new innovations. Our research and development activities, including our clinical trials, are focused principally on obtaining
FDA approvals, facilitating insurer reimbursement, encouraging physician adoption and developing product improvements or extending the
utility of the lead products in our pipeline, including EsoCheck and EsoGuard. 

47 

Results
of Operations - continued 

Overview
 - continued 

Presentation
of Dollar Amounts 

All
dollar amounts in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations are presented as dollars
in millions, except for per share amounts. 

The
year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 

Revenue

In
the year ended December 31, 2022, revenue was 0.4 million as compared to 0.5 million in the prior year. The 0.1 million decrease principally
relates to the termination of the EsoGuard Commercialization Agreement with RDx, as the Company transitioned to its own laboratory operations
effective February 25, 2022. The decrease was partially offset by revenue for our EsoGuard Esophageal DNA Test performed in our own CLIA
laboratory for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Cost
of revenue 

In
the year ended December 31, 2022, cost of revenue was approximately 3.6 million as compared to 0.6 million in the prior year. The 3.0
million increase principally related to: 

approximately
 0.6 million increase in compensation related costs as a result of an increase in headcount; 
 
 approximately
 0.7 million increase in EsoCheck and EsoGuard supplies usage costs; and 
 
 approximately
 1.7 million increase in laboratory operations costs. 

Sales
and marketing expenses 

In
the year ended December 31, 2022, sales and marketing costs were approximately 16.1 million, compared to 5.3 million in the prior year.
The net increase of 10.8 million was principally related to: 

approximately
 8.1 million increase in compensation related costs principally as a result of an increase
 in headcount; 
 
 approximately
 1.4 million increase in stock-based compensation from RSA grants to Lucid and PAVmed employees
 and non-employees, and an increase in stock options granted corresponding with the increase
 in headcount; 
 
 approximately
 1.5 million increase in consulting and outside professional services fees and for EsoCheck
 and EsoGuard; 
 
 approximately
 0.2 million increase general business expenses; and 
 
 approximately
 0.4 million decrease in the MSA fee allocation from PAVmed due to less sales and marketing
 related activities incurred through PAVmed. 

General
and administrative expenses 

In
the year ended December 31, 2022, general and administrative costs were approximately 23.7 million, compared to 12.8 million in the
prior year. The net increase of 10.9 million was principally related to: 

approximately
 0.6 million increase in compensation related costs principally as a result of an increase
 in headcount; 
 
 approximately
 2.0 million increase in stock-based compensation from RSA grants to Lucid and PAVmed employees
 and non-employees, and an increase in stock options granted corresponding with the increase
 in headcount; 
 
 approximately
 5.0 million increase in consulting services related to patents, regulatory compliance, legal
 processes for contract review, transition of public relations and investor relations firms,
 and public company expenses; 
 
 approximately
 1.8 million increase in the MSA fee allocation from PAVmed related to the growth and expansion
 of our business and the services incurred through PAVmed; and 
 
 approximately
 1.5 million increase in general business expenses. 

48 

Results
of Operations - continued 

The
year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 - continued 

Research
and development expenses 

In
the year ended December 31, 2022, research and development costs were approximately 11.5 million, compared to 9.3 million in the prior
year. The net increase of 2.2 million was principally related to: 

approximately
 1.4 million increase in development costs, particularly in clinical trial activities and
 outside professional and consulting fees with respect to EsoCheck, EsoCure and EsoGuard; 
 
 approximately
 0.2 million increase in compensation related costs and related to expanded clinical and
 engineering staff; and 
 
 approximately
 0.6 million increase in the MSA fee allocation from PAVmed related to the growth and expansion
 of our business and the services incurred through PAVmed. 

See
our accompanying consolidated financial statements for each of: Note 5 , Related Party Transactions, for a discussion of the consulting
fee expense and stock based compensation expense recognized with respect to the Physician Inventors consulting agreements and stock options
and restricted stock awards and for a discussion of the MSA between Lucid Diagnostics and PAVmed; and Note 14 , Stock-Based Compensation ,
for information regarding each of the Lucid Diagnostics 2018 Equity Plan and the PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity Plan. 

Amortization
of Acquired Intangible Assets 

In
the year ended December 31, 2022, the amortization of acquired intangible assets was approximately 1.6 million as compared to no intangible
asset amortization in the prior year. The increase was principally related to the purchase of laboratory licenses and certifications
and laboratory information management software in Q1 2022 and the amortization of a defensive asset. 

49 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Our
current operational activities are principally focused on the commercialization of EsoGuard. We are expanding commercialization across
multiple sales channels, including: the communication to and education of medical practitioners and clinicians regarding EsoGuard; and
the establishment of Lucid Diagnostics Test Centers for the collection of cell samples using EsoCheck. Additionally, we are developing
expanded clinical evidence to support insurance reimbursement adoption by government and private insurers. Further, as resources permit,
the Company also intends to pursue development of other products and services, including EsoCure, an Esophageal Ablation Device. 

Our
ability to generate revenue depends upon our ability to successfully advance the commercialization of EsoGuard, while also completing
the clinical studies, product and service development, and necessary regulatory approval thereof. There are no assurances, however, we
will be able to obtain an adequate level of financial resources required for the long-term commercialization and development of our products
and services. 

Prior
to our initial public offering IPO of our common stock in October 2021, our operations were funded by PAVmed, inclusive
of providing working capital cash advances and the payment of certain operating expenses on our behalf. Additionally, certain of our
operations continue to be managed by PAVmed personnel, for which we incur expense according to the provisions of a MSA between us and
PAVmed. See Note 5 , Related Party Transactions, for a discussion of the MSA. 

We
are subject to all of the risks and uncertainties typically faced by medical device and diagnostic companies that devote substantially
all of their efforts to the commercialization of their initial product and services and ongoing research and development activities and
conducting clinical trials. We expect to continue to experience recurring losses from operations and will continue to fund our operations
with debt and equity financing transactions. Notwithstanding, however, with our cash on-hand as of the date hereof and committed equity
sources of financing, the Company expects to be able to fund its operations and meet its financial obligations as they become due for
the one year period from the date of the issue of the Company s consolidated financial statements, as included herein in this Form
10-K. 

Series A Preferred Stock Offering 

On March 7, 2023, we
entered into subscription agreements for the sale of 13,625 shares of Series A preferred stock (the Series A Preferred
Stock ). Each share of the Series A Preferred Stock has a stated value of 1,000 and a conversion price of 1.394. The
terms of the Series A Preferred Stock also include a one times preference on liquidation and a right to receive dividends equal to
20 of the number of shares into which such Series A Preferred Stock is convertible, payable on the one-year and two-year
anniversary of the issuance date. The Series A Preferred Stock is a non-voting security, other than with respect to limited matters
related to changes in terms of the Series A Preferred Stock. The aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of shares in such offering
were 13.625 million. 

Private Placement - Securities Purchase Agreement 

Effective as of March 13, 2023,
we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement SPA with an accredited institutional investor Investor ,
 Lender , and /or Holder ), pursuant to which we agreed to sell, and the Investor agreed to purchase a Senior
Secured Convertible Note with a face value principal of 11.1 million (the March 2023 Senior Convertible Note ). The
issuance of the March 2023 Senior Convertible Note is subject to customary closing conditions. 

The March 2023 Senior Secured
Convertible Note would have a 7.875 annual stated interest rate, a contractual conversion price of 5.00 per share of the Company s
common stock (subject to standard adjustments in the event of any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination, recapitalization or
other similar transaction), and a contractual maturity date of the two-year anniversary of the date of issuance. The March 2023 Senior
Convertible Note would be convertible into or otherwise paid in shares of the Company s common stock. 

Under the March 2023 Senior Convertible Note, the Company
would be subject to certain customary affirmative and negative covenants regarding the incurrence of indebtedness, the existence
of liens, the repayment of indebtedness and the making of investments, the payment of cash in respect of dividends, distributions or redemptions,
the transfer of assets, the maturity of other indebtedness, and transactions with affiliates, among other customary matters. Under the March 2023 Senior Convertible Note, the Company
would also be subject to financial covenants requiring that (i) the amount of our available cash equal or exceed 5.0 million
at all times, (ii) the ratio of (a) the outstanding principal amount of the notes issued under the SPA, accrued and unpaid interest thereon
and accrued and unpaid late charges to (b) the Company s average market capitalization over the prior ten trading days, not exceed
30 , and (iii) that the Company s market capitalization shall at no time be less than an amount to be agreed upon. 

Committed Equity Facility and ATM Facility 

In March 2022, we entered into
a committed equity facility with Cantor. Under the terms of the committed equity facility, Cantor has committed to purchase up to 50
million of our common stock from time to time at our request. While there are distinct differences, the committed equity facility is structured
similarly to a traditional at-the-market equity facility, insofar as it allows us to raise primary equity capital on a periodic basis
at prices based on the existing market price. As of December 31, 2022, under the committed equity facility, a total of 680,263 shares
of common stock of the Company were issued for proceeds of approximately 1.8 million. 

In November 2022, Lucid Diagnostics also entered into an at-the-market
offering for up to 6.5 million of its common stock that may be offered and sold under a Controlled Equity Offering Agreement between
Lucid Diagnostics and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. In the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no shares sold through their at-the-market
equity facility. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, through March 9, 2023, Lucid Diagnostics sold 230,068 shares through its at-the-market
equity facility for approximately 0.3 million. 

50 

Due
To: PAVmed Inc. 

Since
our inception in May 2018 through our IPO in October 2021, our operations were funded by PAVmed providing working capital cash advances
and the payment by PAVmed of certain operating expenses on our behalf. Additionally, our daily operations have been and continue to be
principally managed by personnel employed by PAVmed, for which we incur a MSA Fee expense. The MSA Fee is charged on a monthly basis
and is subject-to periodic adjustment corresponding with changes in the services provided by PAVmed Inc. personnel to the Company, with
any such change in the MSA Fee being subject to approval of the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. and PAVmed Inc. boards of directors. In this regard,
in August 2022, the boards of directors of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. and PAVmed Inc. approved a sixth amendment to the MSA to increase the
MSA Fee to 550 per month from 390 per month, with such increase effective on a prospective basis commencing July 1, 2022. Pursuant
to the sixth amendment, the parties agreed PAVmed Inc. may elect to receive payment of the monthly MSA Fee in cash or in shares of our
common stock, with such shares valued at the volume weighted average price VWAP during the final ten trading days of
the applicable month (subject to a floor price of 0.70 per share). However, in no event will PAVmed Inc. be entitled to receive under
the MSA, as amended, more than 7,709,836 shares of our common stock (representing 19.99 of our outstanding shares of common stock as
of immediately prior to the execution of the sixth amendment). The shares that may be issued under the MSA, as amended, are being offered
and sold in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in reliance on the exemption afforded
under Section 4(a)(2) thereof. 

In
accordance with the MSA, on November 30, 2022 PAVmed has elected to receive payment of 1.65 million in aggregated monthly fees under
the MSA through the issuance of 750,818 shares of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. Common Stock. 

On
November 30, 2022, the Company and PAVmed entered into a payroll and benefit expense reimbursement agreement (the PBERA ).
Historically, PAVmed has paid for certain payroll and benefit-related expenses in respect of the Company s personnel on behalf
of the Company, and the Company has reimbursed PAVmed for the same. Pursuant to the PBERA, PAVmed will continue to pay such expenses,
and the Company will continue to reimburse PAVmed for the same. The PBERA now provides that the expenses will be reimbursed on a quarterly
basis or at such other frequency as the parties may determine, in cash or, subject to approval by the board of directors of each of PAVmed
and the Company, in shares of the Company s common stock, with such shares valued at the volume weighted average price of such
stock during the final ten trading days preceding the later of the two dates on which such stock issuance is approved by the board of
directors of each of PAVmed and the Company (subject to a floor price of 0.40 per share), or in a combination of cash and shares. However,
in no event shall the Company issue any shares of its common stock to PAVmed in satisfaction of all or any portion of the expenses if
the issuance of such shares of its common stock would exceed the maximum number of shares of common stock that the Issuer may issue under
the rules or regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ), unless the Company obtains the approval of its stockholders
as required by the applicable rules of the Nasdaq for issuances of shares of its common stock in excess of such amount. In accordance
with the PBERA, on November 30, 2022, PAVmed elected for the Company to reimburse PAVmed for 2.7 million in accrued and unreimbursed
payroll and benefit-related expenses paid by PAVmed on behalf of the Company through the third quarter of 2022 through the issuance of
1,479,326 shares of the Company s common stock. 

As
previously disclosed, on October 5, 2021, PAVmed Subsidiary Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of PAVmed PAVmed Sub ), acquired
100 of the outstanding membership interest of CapNostics, LLC from a third party, for a purchase price of approximately 2.1 million.
Also as previously disclosed, effective as of April 1, 2022, pursuant to an assignment agreement (as amended and supplemented to date,
the CapNostics Assignment Agreement between PAVmed Sub and the Company, PAVmed Sub assigned the interests to the Company
and, in consideration for the interests, the Company agreed to pay to PAVmed Sub an amount in cash equal to the purchase price paid by
PAVmed Sub to the third party. On November 30, 2022, pursuant to a supplement to the CapNostics Assignment Agreement, the Company, PAVmed
Sub and PAVmed agreed that the Company would pay the price for the interests through the issuance to PAVmed of 1,145,086 shares of the
Company s common stock. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had a Due To: PAVmed Inc. payment obligation liability of an aggregate of approximately 5.0 million payable
for the reimbursement of employee related costs and certain operating expenses paid by PAVmed on our behalf. See our accompanying consolidated
financial statements Note 6 , Due To PAVmed Inc. 

51 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 

The
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation
of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions affecting the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
and equity, along with the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the
reported amounts of expenses during the corresponding periods. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we base our estimates on historical experience
and on various other assumptions we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under
different assumptions or conditions. While our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in our consolidated financial
notes, we believe the following accounting policies to be critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated
financial statements. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Research
and development expenses are recognized as incurred and include the salary and stock-based compensation of employees engaged in product
research and development activities, and the costs related to the Company s various contract research service providers, suppliers,
engineering studies, supplies, and outsourced testing and consulting fees, as well as depreciation expense and rental costs for equipment
used in research and development activities, and fees incurred for access to certain facilities of contract research service providers. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

Stock-based
awards are made to members of the board of directors of the Company, the Company s employees and non-employees, under each of the
Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan and the PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity Plan. 

The
grant-date estimated fair value of the stock-based award is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which
is generally the vesting period of the respective stock-based award, with such straight-line recognition adjusted, as applicable, so
the cumulative expense recognized is at-least equal-to-or-greater-than the estimated fair value of the vested portion of the respective
stock-based award as of the reporting date. 

The
Company uses the Black-Scholes valuation model to estimate the fair value of stock options granted under both the PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity
Plan and the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan, which requires the Company to make certain weighted-average valuation estimates
and assumptions for stock-based awards, principally as follows: 

With
 respect to the PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity Plan, the expected stock price volatility is based
 on the historical stock price volatility of PAVmed Inc. common stock and the volatilities
 of similar entities within the medical device industry over the period commensurate with
 the expected term with respect to stock options granted to the board of directors and employees
 in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

With
 respect to stock options granted under the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan, the expected
 stock price volatility was based on the historical stock price volatility of similar entities
 within the medical device industry over the period commensurate with the expected term with
 respect to stock options granted to employees in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

The
 risk-free interest rate is based on the interest rate payable on U.S. Treasury securities
 in effect at the time of grant for a period commensurate with either the expected term or
 the remaining contractual term, as applicable, of the stock option; and, 

The
 expected dividend yield is based on annual dividends of 0.00 as there have not been dividends
 paid to-date, and there is no plan to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 

The
price per share of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. common stock used in the computation of estimated fair value of stock options and restricted
stock awards granted under the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan is as follows: (i) for the period October 14, 2021 to December
31, 2022 it is its quoted closing price per share; and (ii) for the period January 1, 2021 to October 14, 2021, it was estimated using
a probability-weighted average expected return methodology PWERM ), which involves the determination of equity value under
various exit scenarios and an estimation of the return to the common stockholders under each scenario. 

The
price per share of PAVmed Inc. common stock used in the computation of estimated fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards
granted under the PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity Plan is its quoted closing price per share. 

Recent
Accounting Standards Updates Adopted 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging
 Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815 40), ASU 2020-06 ). ASU 2020-06 simplifies the accounting
for certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity, by eliminating the beneficial conversion and cash conversion
accounting models previously contained in ASC 470-20 that required separate accounting for embedded conversion features. ASU 2020-06
also simplified the assessment of a financial instrument settlement to determine whether a contract is an entity s own equity qualifies
for equity classification by removing certain conditions from ASC 815-4-25. The ASU 2020-06 amendments are effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company s adoption of the ASU
2020-06 guidance as of January 1, 2021 did not have an effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

52 

In
December 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12, Income Taxes: Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes , ASU
2019-12 ). The guidance of ASU 2019-12 removes certain exceptions for recognizing deferred taxes for investments, performing intra-period
allocation, and calculating income taxes in interim periods, and adds revised guidance to reduce complexity in certain areas, including
recognizing deferred taxes for tax goodwill and allocating taxes to members of a consolidated group. Adoption of the guidance of ASU
2019-12 is required for annual and interim financial statements beginning after December 15, 2020. The Company s adoption of the
ASU 2019-12 guidance as of January 1, 2021 did not have an effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Effective
December 31, 2021, the Company adopted FASB ASC Topic 842, Leases, ASC 842 ). ASC 842 established a right-of-use ROU model requiring a lessee to recognize a ROU asset and a lease liability for all leases with terms greater-than 12 months. Leases are
classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement.
The Company s adoption of ASC 842 did not have an effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. See Note 10,
 Leases. 

Off-Balance
sheet arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 

Not
applicable. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Our
consolidated financial statements, together with the report of our independent registered public accounting firm, appear herein commencing
on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

53 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on such evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer concluded our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act)
were effective as of such date to provide reasonable assurance the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file
or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure information
required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining an adequate system of internal control over financial reporting, as such term
is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13(a)-15(f). Our system of internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. 

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain
 to the maintenance of records, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions
 and dispositions of our assets; 

provide
 reasonable assurance our transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
 our financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
 U.S., and our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
 of our management and our directors; and; 

provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
 use, or disposition of our assets could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Due
to its inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance and may not
prevent or detect all misstatements. Further, because of changes in conditions, effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting
may vary over time. Our system contains self-monitoring mechanisms, so actions will be taken to correct deficiencies as they are identified. 

Our
management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the system of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework
in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based
on this evaluation, our management concluded our system of internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31,
2022. 

This
Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the
rules of the SEC to permit us to provide only management s report in this Form 10-K. 

Changes
to Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

There
has been no change in our internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act) that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

54 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
information required by this Item 10 is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
information required by this Item 11 is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
information required by this Item 12 is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The
information required by this Item 13 is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The
information required by this Item 14 is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

55 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 
 The
 following documents filed as a part of the report: 

(1) 
 
 The
 following financial statements: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID #688) 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(2) 
 
 The
 financial statement schedules: 

Schedules
 other than those listed above are omitted for the reason they are not required or are not applicable, or the required information
 is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. Columns omitted from schedules filed have been omitted because the information
 is not applicable. 

(3) 
 
 The
 following exhibits: 

Incorporation
 by Reference 
 
 Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Date 
 
 2.1 
 
 Asset
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2022, by and among LucidDx Labs Inc., Lucid Diagnostics Inc. and ResearchDx, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 3/3/2022 
 
 3.1.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 3.1 
 
 10/7/2021 
 
 3.1.2 
 
 Form of Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K (Preferred Offering) 
 
 3.1 
 
 3/13/2023 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 3.2 
 
 10/7/2021 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description
 of Registrant s Securities 

4.2 
 
 Common
 Stock Certificate 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 4.1 
 
 10/7/2021 
 
 10.1# 
 
 Lucid Diagnostics Inc. Amended and Restated 2018 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan. 
 
 S-8 

2/10/2023 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amended
 and Restated License Agreement, dated as of August 23, 2021, by and between Case Western Reserve University and Lucid Diagnostics
 Inc. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.2 
 
 10/1/2021 
 
 10.3 
 
 License
 Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2019, by and between PAVmed Inc. and Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.3 
 
 10/1/2021 
 
 10.4.1 
 
 Management
 Services Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2018, by and between PAVmed Inc. and Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.4.1 
 
 10/7/2021 
 
 10.4.2 
 
 Amendment
 to Management Services Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2019, by and between PAVmed Inc. and Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.4.2 
 
 10/7/2021 
 
 10.4.3 
 
 Second
 Amendment to Management Services Agreement, dated as of June 5, 2019, by and between PAVmed Inc. and Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.4.3 
 
 10/7/2021 
 
 10.4.4 
 
 Third
 Amendment to Management Services Agreement, dated as of July 20, 2020, by and between PAVmed Inc. and Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.4.4 
 
 10/7/2021 
 
 10.4.5 
 
 Fourth
 Amendment to Management Services Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2021, by and between PAVmed Inc. and Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.4.5 
 
 10/7/2021 
 
 10.4.6 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Management Services Agreement, dated as of November 10, 2021, by and between PAVmed Inc. and Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 

10.4.7 
 
 Sixth Amendment to Management Services Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2022, by and between PAVmed Inc. and Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/2/2022 
 
 10.5 
 
 Payroll and Benefit Expense Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2022, by and between PAVmed Inc. and Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 

10.6 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2021, by and between Lucid Diagnostics Inc. and Sanford Markowitz, M.D. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.5.2 
 
 10/7/2021 

56 

Incorporation
 by Reference 
 
 Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Date 
 
 10.7 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2021, by and between Lucid Diagnostics Inc. and Amitabh Chak, M.D. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.6.2 
 
 10/7/2021 
 
 10.8 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2021, by and between Lucid Diagnostics Inc. and Joseph Willis, M.D. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.7.2 
 
 10/7/2021 
 
 10.9# 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement. 

10.10# 
 
 Form
 of Indemnification Agreement. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.9 
 
 10/8/2021 
 
 10.11 
 
 Quality
 Manufacturing Master Services Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2021, by and between Coastline International, Inc. and Lucid
 Diagnostics Inc. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.11 
 
 10/1/2021 
 
 10.12# 
 
 Form
 of Restricted Stock Agreement. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.12# 
 
 10/8/2021 
 
 10.13# 
 
 Employment
 Agreement with Lishan Aklog, M.D. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/20/2022 
 
 10.14# 
 
 Employment
 Agreement with Dennis M. McGrath 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 1/20/2022 
 
 10.15# 
 
 Employment
 Agreement with Shaun O Neil 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 3/23/2022 
 
 10.16# 
 
 Employment Agreement with Michael Gordon 

10.17 
 
 Management
 Services Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2022, by and between LucidDx Labs Inc. and ResearchDx, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 3/3/2022 
 
 10.18 
 
 Termination Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2023, by and among Lucid Diagnostics Inc., LucidDx Labs Inc. and ResearchDx, Inc. 

10.19.1 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2022, by and between CF Principal Investments LLC and Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 4/1/2022 
 
 10.19.2 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2022, by and between CF Principal Investments LLC and Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 4/1/2022 
 
 10.20 
 
 Controlled Equity Offering SM , dated as of November 23, 2022, by and between Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 
 
 S-3 
 
 1.2 
 
 11/23/2022 
 
 10.21 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2023, by and between Lucid Diagnostics Inc. and the purchasers of Series A Preferred Stock party thereto 
 
 8-K (Preferred Offering) 
 
 10.1 
 
 3/13/2023 
 
 10.22# 
 
 Lucid
 Diagnostics Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 S-8 
 
 10.1 
 
 3/15/2022 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code
 of Ethics 

21.1 
 
 List
 of Subsidiaries 

23.1 
 
 Consent
 of Marcum LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002. 

101 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Document Set for the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements
 and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

104 
 
 Inline
 XBRL for the cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set. 

Filed herewith. 

 #
Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 

Certain confidential portions of this exhibit were omitted by means of marking such portions with asterisks because the identified confidential
portions (i) are not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

Certain exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby undertakes to furnish a copy of any omitted exhibit or schedule upon request by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None 

57 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Lucid
 Diagnostics Inc. 

March
 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Dennis M McGrath 

Dennis
 M McGrath 

President
 and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Each person whose signature appears below hereby authorizes both
Lishan Aklog, M.D. and Dennis M. McGrath or either of them acting in the absence of the others, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact
and agent, with full power of substitution and re-substitution for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities to sign any and all amendments to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection
therewith, with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Lishan Aklog, M.D. 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 
 
 March
 13, 2023 
 
 Lishan
 Aklog, M.D. 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Dennis M. McGrath 
 
 President 
 
 March
 13, 2023 
 
 Dennis
 M. McGrath 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Stanley N. Lapidus 
 
 Vice
 Chairman 
 
 March
 13, 2023 
 
 Stanley
 N. Lapidus 
 
 Director 

/s/
 Debra J. White 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 13, 2023 
 
 Debra
 J. White 

/s/
 James L. Cox, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 13, 2023 
 
 James
 L. Cox, M.D. 

/s/
 Jacque J. Sokolov, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 13, 2023 
 
 Jacque
 J. Sokolov, M.D. 

/s/
 Ronald M. Sparks 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 13, 2023 
 
 Ronald
 M. Sparks 

58 

LUCID
DIAGNOSTICS INC. 

 and
SUBSIDIARIES 

 (a
majority-owned subsidiary of PAVmed Inc.) 

 INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Financial
 Statements 
 Page 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # 
 F-2 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Lucid
Diagnostics, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity (deficit) and cash
flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period
ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
Marcum LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

March
13, 2023 

F- 2 

LUCID
DIAGNOSTICS INC. 

 and
SUBSIDIARIES 

 (a
majority-owned subsidiary of PAVmed Inc.) 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (in
thousands except number of shares and per share data) 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 
 
 Assets: 

Current
 assets: 

Cash 

Accounts
 receivable 

Prepaid
 expenses, deposits, and other current assets 

Total
 current assets 

Fixed
 assets, net 

Operating
 lease right-of-use assets 

Intangible
 assets, net 

Other
 assets 

Total
 assets 

Liabilities,
 Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity 

Current
 liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 expenses and other current liabilities 

Operating
 lease liabilities, current portion 

Due
 To: PAVmed Inc. - MSA Fee and operating expenses 

Total
 current liabilities 

Operating
 lease liabilities, less current portion 

Total
 liabilities 

Commitments
 and contingencies 
 - 

Stockholders 
 Equity: 

Preferred
 stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31,
 2021 

Common
 stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31,
 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 Stockholders Equity 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

LUCID
DIAGNOSTICS INC. 

 and
SUBSIDIARIES 

 (a
majority-owned subsidiary of PAVmed Inc.) 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (in
thousands except number of shares and per share data) 

2022 
 2021 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Operating
 expenses: 

Cost
 of revenue 

Sales
 and marketing 

General
 and administrative 

Amortization
 of acquired intangible assets 

Research
 and development 

Total
 operating expenses 

Net
 loss from operations 

Other
 income (expense): 

Interest
 expense - Senior Unsecured Promissory Note 

Other
 income (expense), net 

Loss
 before provision for income tax 

Provision
 for income taxes 

Net
 loss 

Net
 loss per share - basic and diluted 

Weighted
 average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

LUCID
DIAGNOSTICS INC. 

 and
SUBSIDIARIES 

 (a
majority-owned subsidiary of PAVmed Inc.) 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 for
the YEARS ENDED December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (in
thousands except number of shares and per share data) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional
 Paid-In Capital 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Total 

Common
 Stock 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional
 Paid-In Capital 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance
 as of December 31, 2020 

Issue
 of common stock - conversion of Senior Unsecured Promissory Note 

Issuance
 of common stock - IPO, net of fees 

Stock-based
 compensation - Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan 

Stock-based
 compensation - PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity Plan 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2021 

Exercise
 - stock options - Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan 

Stock-based
 compensation - Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan 

Stock-based
 compensation - PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity Plan 

Vest
 - restricted stock awards 

CapNostics,
 LLC transfer 

APA-RDx
 - Installment Payment 

Issuance
 - Committed Equity Facility, net of financing charges 

Purchase
 - Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Issuance
 - Due To: PAVmed Inc. Settlement in Common Stock 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2022 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

LUCID
DIAGNOSTICS INC. 

 and
SUBSIDIARIES 

 (a
majority-owned subsidiary of PAVmed Inc.) 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (in
thousands except number of shares and per share data) 

2022 
 2021 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash
 flows from operating activities 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation
 and amortization expense 

Stock-based
 compensation - Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan 

Stock-based
 compensation - PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity Plan 

APA-RDx:
 Issue common stock - settle installment payment 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts
 receivable 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 expenses and other current liabilities 

Accrued
 CWRU License Agreement Fee 

Due
 To: PAVmed Inc. - operating expenses, employee related costs, MSA Fee 

Net
 cash flows used in operating activities 

Cash
 flows from investing activities 

Purchase of equipment 

Asset acquisition 

Net
 cash flows used in investing activities 

Cash
 flows from financing activities 

Proceeds
 issue of common stock initial public offering 

Proceeds
 issue of common stock Committed Equity Facility 

Payment
 offering costs initial public offering 

Proceeds 
 exercise of stock options 

Proceeds
 issue common stock Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Proceeds
 Due To: PAVmed Inc. - working capital cash advances 

Net
 cash flows provided by financing activities 

Net
 increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash,
 beginning of period 

Cash,
 end of period 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

LUCID
DIAGNOSTICS INC. 

 and
SUBSIDIARIES 

 (a
majority-owned subsidiary of PAVmed Inc.) 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (amounts
in these accompanying notes are presented in thousands, except number of shares and per-share amounts.) 

Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. Initial Public Offering - October 14, 2021 

On
October 14, 2021, Lucid Diagnostics Inc. completed an initial public offering IPO of its common stock under an effective
registration statement on Form S-1 (SEC File No. 333-259721), wherein a total of million IPO shares of common stock were issued,
with such total IPO shares inclusive of IPO shares issued to PAVmed Inc., at an IPO price of per share, resulting gross
proceeds of million, before underwriting fees of million, and approximately million of offering costs incurred by the
Company. 

Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies - continued 

Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies - continued 

Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies - continued 

With
 respect to stock options granted under the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan, the expected
 stock price volatility was based on the historical stock price volatility of similar entities
 within the medical device industry over the period commensurate with the expected term with
 respect to stock options granted to employees in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

The
 risk-free interest rate is based on the interest rate payable on U.S. Treasury securities
 in effect at the time of grant for a period commensurate with either the expected term or
 the remaining contractual term, as applicable, of the stock option; and, 

The
 expected dividend yield is based on annual dividends of as there have not been dividends
 paid to-date, and there is no plan to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 

The
price per share of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. common stock used in the computation of estimated fair value of stock options and restricted
stock awards granted under the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan is as follows: (i) for the period October 14, 2021 to December
31, 2022 it is its quoted closing price per share; and (ii) for the period January 1, 2021 to October 14, 2021, it was estimated using
a probability-weighted average expected return methodology PWERM ), which involves the determination of equity value under
various exit scenarios and an estimation of the return to the common stockholders under each scenario. 

The
price per share of PAVmed Inc. common stock used in the computation of estimated fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards
granted under the PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity Plan is its quoted closing price per share. 

Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies - continued 

t
have any unrecognized tax benefits resulting from uncertain tax positions. 

The
Company s policy is to record interest and penalties related to income taxes as part of its income tax provision. There were 
amounts accrued for penalties or interest as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 or recognized during the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is not aware of any issues under review to potentially result in significant payments, accruals, or material
deviations from its position. 

On
October 14, 2021, Lucid Diagnostics Inc. completed its initial public offering IPO of its common stock. While PAVmed
Inc. holds a majority-interest equity ownership and has a controlling financial interest, its ownership interest was reduced to below
80 after the IPO. Accordingly, Lucid Diagnostics Inc. is included in the PAVmed Inc and Subsidiaries consolidated income tax returns
through October 13, 2021, and effective October 14, 2021, Lucid Diagnostics Inc. will file its income tax returns on a stand-alone legal
entity basis. The Lucid Diagnostics Inc. stand-alone legal entity estimated income tax provision was computed on an assumed separate
income tax return for the periods presented through October 13, 2021, wherein, the estimated income tax provision of Lucid Diagnostics
Inc. is computed as if its income tax returns were filed by Lucid Diagnostics Inc. on a stand-alone legal entity basis. Notwithstanding
the absence of a formal tax sharing agreement between PAVmed Inc. and Lucid Diagnostics Inc., the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. stand-alone
legal entity current tax expense and /or tax refund, if any, would be settled with PAVmed Inc. (as opposed with the respective tax authority)
through October 13, 2021. The deferred tax asset and /or deferred tax liability; a valuation allowance on the deferred tax asset, net;
and /or an uncertain tax position, if any; each as discussed above, is determined based on Lucid Diagnostics Inc. stand-alone legal entity
assumed filing of separate income tax returns. 

Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies - continued 

and , respectively. The Company
recognized revenue of resulting from the delivery of patient EsoGuard test results. Revenue recognized from customer contracts deemed
to include a variable consideration transaction price is limited to the unconstrained portion of the variable consideration. In addition, the Company s revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, includes of revenue recognized under the EsoGuard
Commercialization Agreement, which represented the minimum fixed monthly fee of for the period January 1, 2022 to the February 25,
2022 termination date as discussed above. The monthly fee was deemed to be collectible for such period as RDx has timely paid the applicable
respective monthly fee. In the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized total revenue of under the EsoGuard Commercialization
Agreement. 

Cost
of Revenue 

The
cost of revenues principally includes the costs related to the Company s laboratory operations (excluding estimated costs associated
with research activities), the costs related to the EsoCheck cell collection device, cell sample mailing kits and license royalties. 

In
the year ended December 31, 2022, the cost of revenue was and was primarily related to costs for our laboratory operations and
EsoCheck device supplies, however also includes reflecting costs attributable to delivering the services under the EsoGuard Commercialization
Agreement for the period January 1, 2022 to February 25, 2022. In the year ended December 31, 2021, the cost of revenue was , which
solely related to the EsoGuard Commercialization Agreement. 

. became payable, and such amount was paid in September 2021. Additionally, also in September 2021, the Company paid a amendment
fee in connection with the Amended CWRU License Agreement. Additionally, the Amended CWRU License Agreement provides for each of patent
fees reimbursement payments; milestone payments; and royalty payments - each as discussed below. 

Patent
Fees Reimbursement 

Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. is responsible for reimbursement of certain CWRU billed patent fees. See Note 5, Related Party Transactions ,
for patent fee reimbursement payments paid to CWRU in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Milestones 

The
(predecessor) CWRU License Agreement contained milestones, including regulatory milestones with respect to the FDA 501(k) submission
of EsoCheck and the FDA clearance of EsoCheck, respectively regulatory submissions and clearances; which were achieved in accordance
with the requisite contractual due dates, for which a research and development expense was recognized and paid with respect to the
achievement of the regulatory milestone related to FDA clearance of EsoCheck. The CWRU License Agreement was amended effective February
12, 2021, to: change the achievement date of commercialization milestone from November 2020 to August 2021; to eliminate the payment
with respect to the commercialization milestone; and to add a non-refundable payment to CWRU in consideration for such changes to
the commercialization milestone CWRU License Agreement Amendment Fee ), with such fee recognized as general and administrative
expense as of December 31, 2020 and paid in February 2021. The regulatory milestone related to FDA PMA submission of a licensed product PMA Milestone is included in the Amended CWRU License Agreement, and is the sole remaining unachieved milestone, for
which a milestone payment would be payable to CWRU upon its achievement. 

Royalty
Fee 

The
base minimum annual royalty fee is 
commencing January 1 following the first anniversary of the First Commercial Sale of a Licensed Product 
(as such terms are defined in the Amended CWRU License Agreement). The minimum annual royalty fee increases to each of: 
if the annual Net Sales (as defined in the Amended CWRU License Agreement) exceed 
million up to 
million; 
if annual Net Sales exceed 
million up to 
million; and 
if annual Net Sales exceed 
million. The Company recognized a 
royalty fee payment liability as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 with respect to the revenue recognized under the EsoGuard
Commercialization Agreement, dated August 1, 2021, between Lucid Diagnostics Inc. and Research Dx Inc. The Company recorded a
royalty expense of 
and for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Additionally,
the Company is required to pay a royalty fee on (sub-license) Other Proceeds (as defined in the Amended CWRU License Agreement)
of: of sub-license proceeds to extent the sub-license proceeds are realized prior to the first commercial Sale of a Licensed Product;
or of sub-license proceeds to extent the sub-license proceeds are realized after the first commercial Sale of a Licensed Product. 

Consulting
Agreements with Physician Inventors - Intellectual Property - CWRU License Agreement 

Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. entered into consulting agreements with each of the three physician inventors of the intellectual property licensed
under the Amended CWRU License Agreement Physician Inventors ), with each such consulting agreement providing for compensation
on a contractual rate per hour for consulting services provided, and an expiration date of May 12, 2024, upon each of the respective
the agreements renewal effective May 12, 2021. Additionally, each of the Physician Inventors have been granted stock options and
restricted stock awards under the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan; and stock options under the PAVmed Inc.
2014 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan. See Note 5, Related Party Transactions, with respect to the consulting fee expense and stock
based compensation expense recognized with respect to the Physician Inventors consulting agreements and stock options and restricted
awards discussed above; and Note 14, Stock-Based Compensation , for information regarding each of the Lucid Diagnostics
Inc. 2018 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan and the separate PAVmed Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan . 

General
 and Administrative Expense 

Amended
 CWRU License Agreement - reimbursement of patent legal fees 

Stock-based
 compensation expense Physician Inventors restricted stock awards 

Research
 and Development Expense 

Amended
 CWRU License Agreement - reimbursement of patent legal fees 

Fees
 - Physician Inventors consulting agreements 

Sponsored
 research agreement 

Stock-based
 compensation expense Physician Inventors stock options 

Total
 Related Party Expenses 

PAVmed
Inc. - Management Services Agreement 

The
Company s daily operations are managed by personnel employed by PAVmed Inc., for which Lucid Diagnostics Inc. incurs a service
fee, referred to as the MSA Fee , according to the provisions of a Management Services Agreement MSA with
PAVmed Inc. The MSA does not have a termination date, but may be terminated by the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. board of directors. The MSA
Fee is charged on a monthly basis and is subject-to periodic adjustment corresponding with changes in the services provided by PAVmed
Inc. personnel to the Company, with any such change in the MSA Fee being subject to approval of the boards of directors of each of Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. and PAVmed Inc. On August 11, 2022, the respective Company s boards of directors approved a sixth amendment to
the MSA to increase the MSA Fee to per month from per month, with such increase effective on a prospective basis that commenced
July 1, 2022. Pursuant to the sixth amendment, the parties agreed PAVmed Inc. may elect to receive payment of the monthly MSA Fee in
cash or in shares of common stock of the Company, with such shares valued at the volume weighted average price VWAP during
the final ten trading days of the applicable month (subject to a floor price of per share). However, in no event will PAVmed Inc.
be entitled to receive under the MSA, as amended, more than shares of common stock the Company (representing 19.99 of our
outstanding shares of common stock as of immediately prior to the execution of the sixth amendment). The shares that may be issued under
the MSA, as amended, are being offered and sold in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
in reliance on the exemption afforded under Section 4(a)(2) thereof. 

In
accordance with the MSA, on November 30, 2022 PAVmed elected to receive payment of in aggregate monthly fees under the MSA through
the issuance of shares of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. Common Stock. 

Note
5 Related Party Transactions - continued 

The
MSA Fee expense classification in the consolidated statement of operations for the periods noted is as follows: 

Sales
 Marketing 

General
 Administrative 

Research
 Development 

Total
 MSA Fee 

The
classification of the MSA Fee as presented above is based on the PAVmed Inc. classification of employee salary expense. In this regard,
PAVmed Inc. classifies employee salary expense as cost-of-revenue for employees engaged in service delivery under the EsoGuard Commercialization
Agreement, and sales and marketing expenses for employees performing sales, marketing, and reimbursement activities and functions, general
and administrative, and research and development except for those employees who are engaged in product and services engineering development
and design and /or clinical trials activities, for which such employee salary is classified as research and development expense. 

Other
Related Party Transactions 

Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. previously entered into a consulting agreement with Stanley N. Lapidus, effective June 2020 with such consulting agreement
providing for compensation on a contractual rate per hour for consulting services provided. In July 2021, Mr. Lapidus was appointed as
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. Lucid Diagnostics Inc. recognized general and administrative expense
of in the year ended December 31, 2021 in connection with the consulting agreement. 

MSA
 fees 

On
 Behalf Of (OBO) activities 

ERC
 - Payroll Benefits 

CapNostics,
 LLC transfer 

Promissory
 Note Issuance 

Conversion
 of Promissory Note to LUCD Common Stock 

Interest
 on Promissory Note 

Cash
 payments to PAVmed Inc. 

Payment
 to PAVmed Inc. settled in LUCD stock 

Balance
 - December 31, 2021 

CapNostics,
 LLC Transfer 
 PAVmed
 Inc. OBO Payments 
 Employee- 
 Related
 Costs 
 MSA
 Fees 
 Total 
 
 Balance
 - December 31, 2021 

MSA
 fees 

On
 Behalf Of (OBO) activities 

ERC
 - Payroll Benefits 

CapNostics,
 LLC transfer 

Cash
 payments to PAVmed Inc. 

Payment
 to PAVmed Inc. settled in LUCD stock 

Balance
 - December 31, 2022 

CapNostics,
LLC 

On
October 5, 2021, PAVmed Subsidiary Corp, a wholly-owned subsidiary of PAVmed Inc., acquired of the outstanding membership interest
of CapNostics, LLC CapNostics ), an unrelated third-party, for total (gross) purchase consideration of approximately 
million in cash, paid at the closing of the transaction. Subsequently, effective April 1, 2022, PAVmed Subsidiary Corp and the Company
entered into an agreement pursuant to which PAVmed Subsidiary Corp assigned to Lucid Diagnostics Inc. of the membership interest
in CapNostics, LLC, resulting in the recognition by the Company principally of an acquired defensive technology intangible asset, and
a million payment obligation Due To: PAVmed Inc. Additionally, Lucid Diagnostics Inc. was also assigned on a prospective basis effective
April 1, 2022, the consulting agreement with the previous principal owner of CapNostics, LLC. The transfer was accounted for as entities
under common control. See Note 11, Intangible Assets, net, with respect to the transferred intangible asset. 

On
November 30, 2022, pursuant to a supplement to the CapNostics Assignment Agreement, the Company, PAVmed Sub and PAVmed agreed that the
Company would pay the price for the interests through the issuance to PAVmed of shares of the Company s common stock. 

Payroll
and Benefit Expense Reimbursement Agreement PBERA 

On
November 30, 2022, the Company and PAVmed entered into a payroll and benefit expense reimbursement agreement (the PBERA ).
Historically, PAVmed has paid for certain payroll and benefit-related expenses in respect of the Company s personnel on behalf
of the Company, and the Company has reimbursed PAVmed for the same. Pursuant to the PBERA, PAVmed will continue to pay such expenses,
and the Company will continue to reimburse PAVmed for the same. The PBERA now provides that the expenses will be reimbursed on a quarterly
basis or at such other frequency as the parties may determine, in cash or, subject to approval by the board of directors of each of PAVmed
and the Company, in shares of the Company s common stock, with such shares valued at the volume weighted average price of such
stock during the final ten trading days preceding the later of the two dates on which such stock issuance is approved by the board of
directors of each of PAVmed and the Company (subject to a floor price of per share), or in a combination of cash and shares. However,
in no event shall the Company issue any shares of its common stock to PAVmed in satisfaction of all or any portion of the expenses if
the issuance of such shares of its common stock would exceed the maximum number of shares of common stock that the Issuer may issue under
the rules or regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ), unless the Company obtains the approval of its stockholders
as required by the applicable rules of the Nasdaq for issuances of shares of its common stock in excess of such amount. In accordance
with the PBERA, on November 30, 2022, PAVmed elected for the Company to reimburse PAVmed for in accrued and unreimbursed payroll
and benefit-related expenses paid by PAVmed on behalf of the Company through the third quarter of 2022 through the issuance of 
shares of the Company s common stock. 

Note 6 Due To PAVmed Inc. - continued 

Management
Services Agreement 

In
accordance with the MSA, on November 30, 2022 PAVmed has elected to receive payment of in monthly fees under the MSA through the
issuance of shares of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. Common Stock. For further information about the MSA, see Note 5, Related Party
Transactions. 

EsoCure
License Agreement with PAVmed Inc. 

EsoCure
has been in development as an esophageal ablation device by PAVmed Inc., with the intent to allow a clinician to treat dysplastic BE
before it can progress to EAC, a highly lethal esophageal cancer, and to do so without the need for complex and expensive capital equipment.
In April 2022, following the approval from both the Company s and PAVmed Inc. s boards of directors, the companies entered
into an intercompany license agreement EsoCure License Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company was granted the rights
to commercialize EsoCure, a technology under development intended for the treatment of dysplastic Barrett s Esophagus. The EsoCure
License Agreement, includes a royalty arrangement whereby the Company will pay PAVmed Inc. a royalty on all EsoCure sales up to 
million per calendar year, and an royalty on annual sales in excess of million per calendar year. The Company is obligated
to reimburse PAVmed Inc. for any ongoing development costs and cumulative patent expenses associated with the licensed technology. 

Senior
Unsecured Promissory Note 

On
October 13, 2021, Lucid Diagnostics Inc. issued shares of its common stock to PAVmed Inc. upon the election by PAVmed Inc.
to convert the million face value principal under the terms of a Senior Unsecured Promissory Note, dated June 1, 2021. The Senior
Unsecured Promissory Note was issued by Lucid Diagnostics Inc. to PAVmed Inc. with a face value principal of million, which replaced
the aggregate outstanding and payable balance of the Due To: PAVmed Inc. as of June 1, 2021, had an annual interest rate of , a
contractual maturity date of , and, at the election of PAVmed Inc., provided for the partial or full repayment of the face
value principal and accrued but unpaid interest thereon by the issue of shares of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. common stock at a conversion
price of per share of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. common stock. 

comprised of three contractually specified periodic
payments. The APA-RDx is being accounted for as an asset acquisition, with the recognition of an intangible asset of approximately ,
which is included in Intangible assets, net on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet, as further discussed in Note
11, Intangible Assets, net. In the year ended December 31, 2022, a total of of cash was paid with respect to the periodic
payments. 

Additionally,
the APA-RDx requires the Company to pay a total of to be paid as twelve (12) equal installment payments commencing May 25, 2022
and then on each three month anniversary thereof, inclusive of a final installment payment on February 25, 2025, with such installment
payments recognized as current period expense as incurred. In the year ended December 31, 2022, as provided for in the APA-RDx, installment
payments were settled with the issuances of shares of common stock of Lucid Diagnostics Inc., with such shares having fair values
of (with the fair value measured as the quoted closing price on the dates the shares were issued), which was recognized as a current
period expense included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

The
APA-RDx provides for each of an acceleration and a cancellation of the remaining unpaid installment payments, summarized as follows: 

The
 payment of the remaining unpaid installment payments will be accelerated as immediately due
 and payable as of the date the MSA-RDx (as such agreement is discussed below)
 is either terminated by LucidDx Labs Inc. without cause or if it is terminated by mutual
 agreement between the Company and RDx. 

The
 payment of the remaining unpaid installment payments will be cancelled if the MSA-RDx is
 terminated by LucidDx Labs Inc. for cause, defined as the occurrence of any one of: (i) a
 material breach by RDx which is not cured within thirty days of LucidDx Labs Inc. written
 notice; (ii) RDx becomes insolvent and /or bankrupt; or (ii) RDx fails to comply with applicable
 statutes, is barred from participating in federal health care programs, or by action of changes
 in law or regulation, or by action of judicial interpretation of law, or by judicial civil
 proceedings decisions. 

Note 7 Asset Purchase Agreement and Management
Services Agreement - continued 

Management
Services Agreement - Research Dx Inc 

LucidDx
Labs Inc. and RDx entered into a separate management services agreement MSA-RDx ), dated and effective February 25, 2022,
with such agreement having a term of commencing on the agreement s effective date, and an initial fee of per quarter.
The MSA-RDx provides for the cancellation of the remaining unpaid installment payments upon termination of the MSA-RDx for any reason
or no reason by either party thereto. 

Termination
of Management Services Agreement and Modification of Other Payment Obligations - ResearchDx Inc 

On
February 14, 2023, through LucidDx Labs Inc, the Company entered into an agreement (the MSA Termination Agreement with
RDx, pursuant to which the parties mutually agreed to terminate the MSA-RDx without cause. The termination was effective as February
10, 2023. Until the termination of the MSA-RDx, RDx had continued to provide certain testing and related services for the Laboratory
in accordance with the terms of the MSA-RDx. 

The
MSA Termination Agreement reduces the remaining amounts of the earnout payments and management fees due under the APA-RDx and the MSA-RDx
to . The payment was satisfied through the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock in February 2023. The Company
was not required to make any cash payments in connection with the termination. 

Prepaid
 insurance 

Deposits 

EsoCheck
 cell collection supplies 

EsoGuard
 mailer supplies 

Total
 prepaid expenses, deposits and other current assets 

- 

Laboratory
 equipment 
 - 

Furniture
 and fixtures 
 - 

Leasehold
 improvements 
 - (1) 

Assets
 under construction 
 n/a 

Total
 Fixed Assets 

Less
 Accumulated Depreciation 

Total
 Fixed Assets, net 

(1) 

Depreciation
expense of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is included in general and administrative expenses
in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Short-term
 lease cost 

Variable
 lease cost 

Total
 lease cost 

2024 

2025 

Total
 lease payments 

Less:
 imputed interest 

Present
 value of lease liabilities 

Non-cash
 investing and financing activities 

Right-of-use
 assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

Weighted-average
 remaining lease term - operating leases (in years) 

Weighted-average
 discount rate - operating leases 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company s right-of-use assets from operating leases are , which are reporting in right-of-use assets
- operating leases in the consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has outstanding operating lease obligations
of , of which is reported in operating lease liabilities, current portion and is reporting in operating lease liabilities
less current portion in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The Company did not have operating leases as of December 31,
2021. The Company calculates its incremental borrowing rates for specific lease terms, used to discount future lease payments, as a function
of the financing terms the Company would likely receive on the open market. 

months 

Laboratory
 licenses and certifications and laboratory information management software 
 
 months 

Total
 Intangible assets 

Less
 Accumulated Amortization 

Intangible
 Assets, net 

The
defensive technology intangible asset of million (and approximately million of accumulated amortization) was recognized by
the Company as of the April 1, 2022 effective date of the transfer of CapNostics, LLC to the Company from PAVmed Subsidiary
Corp (a wholly-owned subsidiary of PAVmed Inc.). The transfer was accounted for as entities under common control. The defensive technology
intangible asset was recognized by PAVmed Subsidiary Corp upon its acquisition of CapNostics, LLC, an unrelated third-party, for total
purchase consideration paid on the October 5, 2021 acquisition date of approximately million in cash. The CapNostics LLC transaction
was accounted for as an asset acquisition, resulting in the recognition of the defensive technology intangible asset. The defensive technology
intangible asset is being amortized on a straight-line basis over an expected useful life months commencing on the acquisition date. 

As
noted in Note 7, Asset Purchase Agreement and Management Services Agreement , the asset purchase agreement between the Company
and ResearchDx Inc. APA-RDx ), is being accounted for as an asset acquisition. The intangible assets recognized under the
APA-RDx are the laboratory licenses and certifications (inclusive of a CLIA certification, CAP accreditation, and clinical laboratory
licenses for five (5) U.S. States transferred to the Company from RDx), and a laboratory information management software perpetual-use
royalty-free license granted under the APA-RDx, with such intangible asset having a useful life of twenty-four months commencing on the
APA-RDx February 25, 2022 transaction date. 

Amortization
expense of the intangible assets discussed above was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and
is included in amortization of acquired intangible assets in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31,
2022, the estimated future amortization expense associated with the Company s finite-lived intangible assets for each of the five
succeeding fiscal years is as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total 

CWRU
 Amended License Agreement - Royalty fee 

Operating
 expenses 

Total
 accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

See
Note 4, Patent License Agreement - Case Western Reserve University , for a discussion of the CWRU License Agreement. 

shares of common stock of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. are reserved for issuance under the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity
Plan, with shares available for grant as of December 31, 2022. The share reservation is not diminished by a total of 
stock options and restricted stock awards granted outside the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan, as of December 31, 2022.
In January 2023, the number of shares available for grant was increased by in accordance with the evergreen provisions of the
plan. 

Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. Stock Options 

- 
 
 Granted (1) 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding
 stock options at December 31, 2021 

Granted (1) 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding
 stock options at December 31, 2022 (3) 

Vested
 and exercisable stock options at December 31, 2022 

(1) 
 
 (2) 
 
 (3) stock options
 granted outside the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan, as of December 31, 2022 and
 December 31, 2021. 

See
Note 5, Related Party Transactions , for a summary of the stock-based compensation expense recognized with respect to the stock
options granted under the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan to the Physician Inventors. 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, in January and February 2023, the company granted stock options with a weighted average exercise price
of which will generally vest one-third after one year then ratably over the next eight quarters. 

Note
14 Stock-Based Compensation - continued 

Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. Restricted Stock Awards 

Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. restricted stock awards granted under the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan and restricted stock awards granted
outside such plan are summarized as follows: 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested
 restricted stock awards as of December 31, 2021 (1) 

Unvested restricted
 stock awards as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested
 restricted stock awards as of December 31, 2022 (1) 

(1) restricted
 stock awards granted outside the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan as of December 31,
 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

On
January 7, 2022, restricted stock awards were granted under the Lucid Diagnostics Inc 2018 Equity Plan, with such restricted
stock awards having a single vesting date on January 7, 2025, and an aggregate grant date fair value of approximately million, measured
as the grant date closing price of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. common stock, with such aggregate estimated fair value recognized as stock-based
compensation expense ratably on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, which is commensurate with the service period. The restricted
stock awards are subject to forfeiture if the requisite service period is not completed. 

PAVmed
Inc. 2014 Equity Plan 

The
PAVmed Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan (the PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity Plan ), is separate and apart from the Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan (as such equity plan is discussed above). 

Note
14 Stock-Based Compensation - continued 

Stock-Based
Compensation Expense 

Lucid
 Diagnostics Inc 2018 Equity Plan sales and marketing expenses 

Lucid
 Diagnostics Inc 2018 Equity Plan - general and administrative expenses 

Lucid
 Diagnostics Inc 2018 Equity Plan - research and development expenses 

PAVmed
 Inc 2014 Equity Plan - cost of revenue 

PAVmed
 Inc 2014 Equity Plan - sales and marketing expenses 

PAVmed
 Inc 2014 Equity Plan - general and administrative expenses 

PAVmed
 Inc 2014 Equity Plan - research and development expenses 

Total
 stock-based compensation expense 

The
stock-based compensation expense, as presented above, is inclusive of: stock options and restricted stock awards granted under the Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan to employees of PAVmed Inc., the Physician Inventors, and members of the board of directors of Lucid
Diagnostics Inc., as well as the stock options granted under the PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity Plan to the Physician Inventors. 

Restricted
 Stock Awards 

PAVmed
 Inc. 2014 Equity Plan 

Stock
 Options 

Restricted
 Stock Awards 

Stock-based
compensation expense recognized with respect to stock options granted under the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan was based on
a weighted average estimated fair value of such stock options of per share and per share during the periods ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, calculated using the following weighted average Black-Scholes valuation model assumptions: 

Expected
 stock price volatility 

Risk
 free interest rate 

Expected
 dividend yield 

Note
14 Stock-Based Compensation - continued 

Lucid
Diagnostics, Inc Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP 

The
Lucid Diagnostics Inc Employee Stock Purchase Plan Lucid Diagnostics Inc ESPP ), initial six-month stock purchase period
was April 1, 2022 to September 30, 2022. A total of shares of common stock of Lucid Diagnostics Inc were purchased for proceeds
of approximately on September 30, 2022 under the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. ESPP. The Lucid Diagnostics Inc. ESPP has a total reservation
of shares of common stock of which shares are available-for-issue as of December 31, 2022. In January 2023, the number
of shares available-for-issue was increased by in accordance with the evergreen provisions of the plan. 

and shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively.
As of December 31, 2022, PAVmed Inc. holds shares, representing a majority-interest equity ownership and PAVmed Inc. has a
controlling financial interest in Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 

Committed
Equity Facility and ATM Facility 

On
March 28, 2022, Lucid Diagnostics, Inc. entered into a committed equity facility with an affiliate of Cantor Fitzgerald Cantor ).
Under the terms of the committed equity facility, Cantor has committed to purchase up to million of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. common
stock from time to time at the request of the Company. While there are distinct differences, the facility is structured similarly to
a traditional at-the-market equity facility, insofar as it allows the Company to raise primary equity capital on a periodic basis at
prices based on the existing market price. As of December 31, 2022, under the committed equity facility, a total of shares of
common stock of the Company were issued for proceeds of approximately . 

In
connection with the execution of the agreement for the committed equity facility, the Company paid Cantor million as consideration
for its irrevocable commitment to purchase the shares upon the terms and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in such
agreement. In addition, pursuant to the agreement, we agreed to reimburse Cantor for certain of its expenses. The Company also entered
into a registration rights agreement with Cantor. The Company has the right to terminate the agreement at any time after initial satisfaction
of the conditions to Cantor s obligation to purchase shares under the facility, at no cost or penalty, upon three trading days 
prior written notice. 

In November 2022, the Company entered into an at-the-market offering for up to million of its
common stock that may be offered and sold under a Controlled Equity Offering Agreement between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald 
Co. In the year ended December
31, 2022, there were shares sold through the at-the-market equity facility. Subsequent to
December 31, 2022, through March 9, 2023, we sold shares through its at-the-market equity facility for
approximately million. 

State
 and Local 

Current
 and Deferred tax (benefit) expense 

Less:
 Valuation allowance reserve 

Income
 tax (benefit) expense 

U.S.
 state and local income taxes, net of federal benefit 

Permanent
 differences 

Tax
 credits 

Revaluation of state deferred taxes 

Valuation
 allowance 

Effective
 tax rate 

Stock-based
 compensation expense 

Accrued
 expenses 

Depreciation
 amortization 

Research and development expenditures 

Research
 and development tax credit carryforwards 

Deferred
 tax assets 

Deferred
 Tax Liabilities 

Depreciation 

Deferred
 Tax Liabilities 

Deferred
 tax assets, net of deferred tax liabilities 

Less:
 valuation allowance 

Deferred
 tax assets, net after valuation allowance 

Note
16 Income Taxes - continued 

Deferred
tax assets and deferred tax liabilities resulting from temporary differences are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to
taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of the change in
the tax rate is recognized as income or expense in the period the change in tax rate is enacted. 

As
required by FASB ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, ASC 740), a more-likely-than-not criterion is applied when assessing
the estimated realization of deferred tax assets through their utilization to reduce future taxable income, or with respect to a deferred
tax asset for tax credit carryforward, to reduce future tax expense. A valuation allowance is established, when necessary, to reduce
deferred tax assets, net of deferred tax liabilities, when the assessment indicates it is more-likely-than-not, the full or partial amount
of the net deferred tax asset will not be realized. Accordingly, the Company evaluated the positive and negative evidence bearing upon
the estimated realizability of the net deferred tax assets, and based on the Company s history of operating losses, concluded it
is more-likely-than-not the deferred tax assets will not be realized, and therefore recognized a valuation allowance reserve equal to
the full amount of the deferred tax assets, net of deferred tax liabilities, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. has federal and state net operating loss NOL carryforwards, available to reduce future taxable income,
if any, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, as follows: federal NOL carryforward of approximately million and million, respectively,
with such federal NOL carryforward not having a statutory expiration date; and state NOL carryforward of approximately million
and million, respectively, with such state NOL carryforward having statutory . The Company has
not yet conducted a formal analysis and the NOL carryforward may be subject-to limitation under U.S. Internal Revenue Code IRC Section 382 (provided there was a greater than 50 ownership change, as computed under such IRC Section 382). 

As
discussed herein, on October 14, 2021, Lucid Diagnostics Inc. completed its initial public offering IPO of its common
stock. While PAVmed Inc. holds a majority-interest equity ownership and has a controlling financial interest, its ownership interest
was reduced from 81.8477 before the IPO to 79.9796 after the IPO. Accordingly, Lucid Diagnostics Inc. is included in the PAVmed Inc
and Subsidiaries consolidated income tax returns through October 13, 2021, and effective October 14, 2021, Lucid Diagnostics Inc. will
file its income tax returns on a stand-alone legal entity basis. The Lucid Diagnostics Inc. stand-alone legal entity estimated income
tax provision was computed on an assumed separate income tax return for the periods presented through October 13, 2021, wherein, the
estimated income tax provision of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. is computed as if its income tax returns were filed by Lucid Diagnostics Inc.
on a stand-alone legal entity basis. Notwithstanding the absence of a formal tax sharing agreement between PAVmed Inc. and Lucid Diagnostics
Inc., the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. stand-alone legal entity current tax expense and /or tax refund, if any, would be settled with PAVmed
Inc. (as opposed with the respective tax authority) through October 13, 2021. The deferred tax asset and /or deferred tax liability;
a valuation allowance on the deferred tax asset, net; and /or an uncertain tax position, if any; each as discussed above, is determined
based on Lucid Diagnostics Inc. stand-alone legal entity assumed filing of separate income tax returns. 

The
Company files income tax returns in the United States in federal and applicable state and local jurisdictions. The Company s tax
filings for the years 2018 and thereafter each remain subject to examination by taxing authorities. The Company s policy is to
record interest and penalties related to income taxes as part of its income tax provision. The Company has not recognized any penalties
or interest related to its income tax provision. 

In August 2022, 

Denominator 

Weighted
 average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

Net
 loss per share 

Net
 loss per share - basic and diluted 

Basic
weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 include the shares of the
Company issued and outstanding during such periods, each on a weighted average basis. The basic weighted average number of shares common
stock outstanding excludes common stock equivalent incremental shares, while diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding includes
such incremental shares. However, as the Company was in a loss position for all periods presented, basic and diluted weighted average
shares outstanding are the same, as the inclusion of the incremental shares would be anti-dilutive. The common stock equivalents excluded
from the computation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding are as follows: 

Unvested
 restricted stock awards 

Total 

shares of Series A preferred stock (the
 Series A Preferred Stock ). Each share of the Series A Preferred Stock has a stated value of 
and a conversion price of . . The Series A Preferred Stock is a non-voting security, other than with respect to limited
matters related to changes in terms of the Series A Preferred Stock. The aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of shares in such
offering were million. 

Private Placement - Securities Purchase Agreement 

Effective
as of March 13, 2023, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement SPA with an accredited institutional
investor Investor , Lender , and /or Holder ), pursuant to which we agreed to sell, and the
Investor agreed to purchase a Senior Secured Convertible Note with a face value principal of million (the March
2023 Senior Convertible Note ). The issuance of the March 2023 Senior Convertible Note is subject to customary closing
conditions. As of the date hereof, the March 2023 Senior Convertible Note has not yet been issued. 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

Exhibit
4.1 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As
of December 31, 2022, Lucid Diagnostics Inc. Lucid, the Company or we, us or
 our had one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ): common stock, 0.001 par value per share. The common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. 

In
the discussion that follows, we have summarized selected provisions of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and the Delaware General
Corporation Law (the DGCL relating to our common stock. This summary is not complete. This summary is subject to the relevant
provisions of the DGCL and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our
bylaws. Please read the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our bylaws as currently in effect for
provisions that may be important to you. 

General 

The
Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value .001, and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value
 .001. As of December 31, 2022: 

42,610,212 shares of common stock were outstanding (inclusive of 2,041,420 shares underlying unvested restricted stock awards granted under the
 Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan as of such date); 

1,119,006 shares of our common stock were issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options, including 695,706 shares issuable upon the
 exercise of stock options granted under our equity incentive plans, and 423,300 shares are reserved for issuance, but not subject to
 outstanding options or restricted stock awards, under our incentive equity plans; and 

415,970
 shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 

As
of December 31, 2022, no shares of our preferred stock were outstanding. 

Furthermore, (i) in March
2022, we entered into a committed equity facility with an affiliate of Cantor Fitzgerald Cantor ), pursuant to which Cantor
has committed to purchase up to 50 million in shares of our common stock from time to time at our request, at prices based on the current
market price; (ii) in November 2022, we entered into an at-the-market offering for up to 6.5 million of our common stock
that may be offered and sold under a Controlled Equity Offering Agreement between us and Cantor Fitzgerald Co., (iii) in August
2022, we entered into a sixth amendment to the management services agreement with PAVmed, pursuant to which PAVmed may elect to receive
payment of the monthly fee under the management services agreement in cash or in shares of our common stock; and (iv) in November 2022,
we entered into a payroll and benefits expense reimbursement agreement with PAVmed, pursuant to which PAVmed will continue to pay certain
payroll and benefit-related expenses on our behalf and we will reimburse PAVmed on a quarterly basis or at such other frequency as the
parties may determine, in cash or, subject to approval by each of our boards of directors, in shares of our common stock, or in a combination
of cash and shares. 

As of March 9, 2023, the Company has issued additional shares of its common stock, and shares of preferred stock convertible into shares of its common stock, as more fully described under Recent Events in Item I of the
Form 10-K to which this Exhibit 4.1 is attached. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
board of directors has the authority, without further action by our stockholders, to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series
and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions thereof. These rights, preferences and privileges could include dividend
rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences, and sinking fund terms, any or all of which may
be greater than the rights of common stock. The issuance of preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power of holders of common
stock and the likelihood that such holders will receive dividend payments and payments upon our liquidation. In addition, the issuance
of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our company or other corporate action.
Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. 

Common
Stock 

Holders
of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. There is no
cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for
the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Subject to any preferential dividend rights of any outstanding shares of preferred
stock, holders of common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if declared by our board of directors, out of funds that we may legally
use to pay dividends. If we liquidate or dissolve, holders of common stock are entitled to share ratably in our assets once our debts
and any liquidation preference owed to any then-outstanding preferred stockholders are paid. Our common stockholders have no conversion,
preemptive or other subscription rights, and no liquidation preference, and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable
to the common stock. All shares of common stock that are outstanding are fully-paid and non-assessable. 

Page 1 of 4 (Exhibit 4.1) 

Exhibit
4.1 

 (continued) 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our shares of common stock to date. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent
upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition and will be within the discretion of our
Board of Directors. It is the present intention of our Board of Directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations
and, accordingly, our Board of Directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Anti-Takeover
Provisions 

Some
provisions of Delaware law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated by-laws contain provisions
that could make it more difficult to acquire us by means of a tender offer or a proxy contest or otherwise, or to remove our incumbent
officers and directors. 

These
provisions of Delaware law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated by-laws could have the
effect of preventing changes in the composition of our board of directors and management. These provisions may also have the effect of
discouraging others from attempting hostile takeovers and, as a consequence, they may also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the market
price of our common stock that often result from actual or rumored hostile takeover attempts. It is possible that these provisions could
make it more difficult to accomplish or could deter transactions that stockholders may otherwise consider to be in their best interest
or in our best interests, including transactions which provide for payment of a premium over the market price for our shares. 

These
provisions are intended to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to
encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of the
increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or
restructure us outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging these proposals because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement
of their terms. 

Delaware
Anti-Takeover Statute 

We
are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, which prohibits persons deemed to be interested stockholders from engaging in a
 business combination with a publicly held Delaware corporation for three years following the date these persons become
interested stockholders unless the business combination is, or the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder was,
approved in a prescribed manner or another prescribed exception applies. Generally, an interested stockholder is a person
who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status
did own, 15 or more of a corporation s voting stock. Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset
or stock sale, or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. The existence of this provision may
have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by the Board of Directors. A Delaware corporation may
 opt out of these provisions with an express provision in its original certificate of incorporation or an express provision
in its certificate of incorporation or by-laws resulting from a stockholders amendment approved by at least a majority of the
outstanding voting shares. We have not opted out of these provisions. As a result, mergers or other takeover or change in control attempts
of us may be discouraged or prevented. 

Page 2 of 4 (Exhibit 4.1) 

Exhibit
4.1 

 (continued) 

Undesignated
Preferred Stock 

The
ability of our board of directors, without action by the stockholders, to issue undesignated shares of preferred stock with voting or
other rights or preferences as designated by our board of directors could impede the success of any attempt to change control of us.
These and other provisions may have the effect of deferring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control or management of our company. 

Authorized
Common Stock 

Our
authorized but unissued shares of common stock will be available for future issuance without stockholder approval. These additional shares
may be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital and corporate acquisitions.
The existence of authorized but unissued shares of common stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control
of a majority of our common stock by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Classified
Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors is divided into three classes. The number of directors in each class will be as nearly equal as possible. Directors
elected to succeed those directors whose terms expire shall be elected for a term of office to expire at the third succeeding annual
meeting of stockholders after their election. The existence of a classified board may extend the time required to make any change in
control of the board of directors when compared to a corporation with an unclassified board. It may take two annual meetings for our
stockholders to effect a change in control of the board of directors, because in general less than a majority of the members of the board
of directors will be elected at a given annual meeting. Because our board of directors is classified and our certificate of incorporation
does not otherwise provide, under Delaware law, our directors may only be removed for cause. 

Vacancies
on the Board 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated by-laws provide that any vacancy occurring on the board
of directors, including by reason of removal of a director, and any newly created directorship may be filled only by a majority of the
remaining directors in office. This system of appointing directors may discourage a third party from making a tender offer or otherwise
attempting to obtain control of our company, because it generally makes it more difficult for stockholders to replace a majority of the
directors. 

Advance
Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations 

Our
amended and restated by-laws provide advance notice procedures for stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of
stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at any meeting of stockholders. Our amended and restated by-laws also
will specify certain requirements regarding the form and content of a stockholder s notice. These provisions may preclude our stockholders
from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our meetings of stockholders. 

No
Cumulative Voting; Special Meeting of Stockholders 

Stockholders
will not be permitted to cumulate their votes for the election of directors. Furthermore, special meetings of our stockholders may be
called only by Chief Executive Officer, our President, our board of directors, or a majority of our stockholders. 

Page 3 of 4 (Exhibit 4.1) 

Exhibit
4.1 

 (continued) 

Exclusive
Forum Selection 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, subject to limited exceptions, that
derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar
actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing
the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel in any action brought to enforce
the exclusive forum provision. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall
be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability
created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. In addition, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent
jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the
rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision provides that the Court of Chancery and the federal district
court for the District of Delaware will have concurrent jurisdiction over any action arising under the Securities Act or the rules and
regulations thereunder, and the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by
the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction.
To the extent the exclusive forum provision restricts the courts in which our stockholders may bring claims arising under the Securities
Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provision. Investors cannot
waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Although
we believe this provision benefits our company by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of
lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision
may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers and increasing the cost to stockholders of bringing such
lawsuits. 

Listing
of our Common Stock 

Our
common stock has been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol LUCD. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company located at 1 State Street, 30th Floor,
New York, NY 10004. 

Page 4 of 4 (Exhibit 4.1) 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.4-6>
 3
 ex10-4_6.htm
 EX-10.4-6

Exhibit 10.4.6 

FIFTH
AMENDMENT TO MANAGEMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT 

Reference
is made to the Management Services Agreement (as amended from time to time, the Agreement capitalized terms used
but not defined herein have the meaning ascribed to them in the Agreement), dated as of May 12, 2018, by and between PAVmed Inc., a Delaware
corporation PAVmed and Lucid Diagnostics Inc., a Delaware corporation Customer ). 

WHEREAS,
as set forth in Section 3(b) of the Agreement, the parties have considered in good faith an adjustment to the Service Fee and hereby
wish to amend the Agreement to reflect such adjustment as set forth herein. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements hereinafter set forth, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows: 

1.
 Amendment . The first sentence of Section 3(a) of the Agreement is hereby amended
effective October 15, 2021 by replacing 290,000 with 390,000 having previously been amended on
February 1, 2021 from 190,000 to 290,000 . 

2.
 Terms of Agreement . Except as expressly set forth in this amendment, the terms of
the Agreement remain unchanged and in full force and effect. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this agreement as of November 10, 2021. 

AGREED
AND ACCEPTED BY: 

PAVmed
 Inc. 
 
 Lucid
 Diagnostics Inc. 

Name:
 
 Lishan
 Aklog, MD 
 
 Name:
 
 Lishan
 Aklog, MD 
 
 Title:
 
 Chairman
 CEO 
 
 Title:
 
 Chairman
 CEO 

</EX-10.4-6>

<EX-10.5>
 4
 ex10-5.htm

Exhibit 10.5 

PAYROLL
AND BENEFIT EXPENSE REIMBURSEMENT agreement 

This
Payroll and Benefit Expense Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2022 (this Agreement ), is by and between
PAVmed Inc., a Delaware corporation PAVmed ), and Lucid Diagnostics Inc., a Delaware corporation Lucid
Diagnostics ). 

WHEREAS,
Lucid Diagnostics is a subsidiary of PAVmed; and 

WHEREAS,
PAVmed desires to pay for certain payroll and benefit-related expenses in respect Lucid Diagnostics personnel on behalf of Lucid Diagnostics,
and Lucid Diagnostics desires to reimburse PAVmed for the same. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, the parties hereby agree as follows: 

1.
 Covered Expenses 

(a) General .
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein, during the term of this Agreement, PAVmed has paid, and will continue
to pay, for certain payroll and benefit-related expenses Covered Expenses in respect of Lucid Diagnostics personnel
on behalf of Lucid Diagnostics, and Lucid Diagnostics desires to reimburse PAVmed for the same. 

(b) Records .
PAVmed shall maintain appropriate and accurate books and records pertaining to the Covered Expenses it incurs in respect hereof, and
will make such books and records available to Lucid Diagnostics and its representatives at reasonable times and upon reasonable notice. 

2. Term
and Termination . The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and shall continue until such time as either party
gives the other party written notice of its election to terminate this Agreement. 

3. Reimbursement .
Lucid Diagnostics shall reimburse PAVmed for all Covered Expenses paid by PAVmed in respect of Lucid Diagnostics personnel on behalf
of Lucid Diagnostics in accordance with the terms hereof. The Covered Expenses shall be reimbursed on a quarterly basis or at such other
frequency as the parties may determine, in cash or, subject to approval by the board of directors of each of PAVmed and Lucid Diagnostics,
shares of Lucid Diagnostics common stock (which shall be valued at the volume weighted average price of such stock during the final ten
trading days preceding the later of the two dates on which such stock issuance is approved by the board of directors of each of PAVmed
and Lucid Diagnostics, but in no event shall such shares be valued at a price per share lower than 0.40 (as may be equitably adjusted
for stock dividends, subdivisions, combinations, or other similar events affecting the Lucid Diagnostics common stock as a whole)), or
a combination of the two. If PAVmed does not notify Lucid Diagnostics of its election as to the form of payment of the Covered Expenses
at least sixty (60) days after the end of the quarter in respect of which such payment is due, PAVmed shall be deemed to have elected
that the fee for such month be paid in shares of Lucid Diagnostics common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall Lucid
Diagnostics issue any shares of its common stock to PAVmed in satisfaction of all or any portion of any Covered Expenses if the issuance
of such shares of common stock would exceed the maximum number of shares of common stock which Lucid Diagnostics may issue hereunder
without breaching Lucid Diagnostics obligations under the rules or regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ),
unless Lucid Diagnostics obtains the approval of its stockholders as required by the applicable rules of the Nasdaq for issuances of
shares of its common stock hereunder in excess of such amount. If PAVmed elects for all or any portion of the Covered Expenses to be
paid in cash, Lucid Diagnostics may defer payment of all or any portion of the Covered Expenses payable in cash until such time that
it has sufficient cash to pay such amount, and in such case any unpaid Covered Expenses shall continue to accrue (without interest) so
long as they remain unpaid. 

4. Tax
Matters . 

(a) Lucid
Diagnostics will be liable for and will reimburse PAVmed or pay, as applicable, any applicable sales or similar taxes with respect to
the Covered Expenses. 

(b) If
Lucid Diagnostics is required to withhold from any amount owed to PAVmed for any taxes for which PAVmed is responsible, the amount withheld
shall be subtracted from the amount owed by Lucid Diagnostics and PAVmed will receive the amount remaining after the tax withheld. 

5. Limitation of Liability 

(a) General
Limitation . PAVmed shall not be liable to Lucid Diagnostics or any other person for any act or omission or any alleged act or omission
in connection with its performance of (or failure to perform) its obligations under this Agreement, except where such act or omission
or alleged act or omission is finally judicially determined to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of PAVmed.
In no event shall PAVmed have liability under or in respect of this Agreement in the aggregate in excess of the Covered Expenses actually
reimbursed by Lucid Diagnostics. 

(b) Force
Majeure . PAVmed shall not be liable to Lucid Diagnostics or any other person for any act or omission or any alleged act or omission
in connection with its performance of (or failure to perform) its obligations under this Agreement from any cause beyond its reasonable
control, including without limitation acts of God, acts of civil or military authority, embargoes, epidemics, war, terrorist acts, riots,
insurrections, fires, explosions, earthquakes, nuclear accidents, floods, strikes, and power blackouts. 

(c) No
Consequential Damages . Neither party shall have any liability to the other party hereunder for any consequential, exemplary, incidental,
indirect, prospective, punitive, remote or speculative damages. 

(d) Indemnification.
 Lucid Diagnostics shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless PAVmed, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives
(collectively, the Indemnified Persons from and against any and all losses, liabilities, claims, damages, actions,
fines, penalties, expenses or costs (including court costs and reasonable attorneys fees) suffered or incurred by any such Indemnified
Person relating to any claim of a third party arising from or in connection with PAVmed s performance of (or failure to perform)
its obligations under this Agreement, except where such performance (or non-performance) is finally judicially determined to have resulted
from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Person. 

2 

(e) Survival .
The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the provisions of this Section 5 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

6. Dispute Resolution 

Any
dispute or controversy among the parties hereto arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be finally settled by arbitration
in the City of New York, NY, administered by the American Arbitration Association. Judgment on the award may be enforced in any court
of competent jurisdiction. The parties expressly authorize the arbitrator to require that all or a portion of the prevailing party s
fees and expenses in the arbitration be allocated to and borne by the other party, if the arbitrator determines that the other party s
positions were sufficiently non-meritorious so as to make such allocation equitable. 

7. Miscellaneous 

(a) Entire
Agreement . This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes
all other agreements, arrangements or understandings, written or oral, with respect to such subject matter. 

(b) Headings .
Headings to Sections herein are for the convenience of the parties only, and are not intended to affect the meaning or interpretation
of this Agreement. 

(c) Amendments .
This Agreement may not be amended except by a written instrument signed by both of the parties. 

(d) Assignment .
Neither party may assign its rights or delegate its duties hereunder without the prior written consent of the other party. This Agreement
will be binding upon, and will inure to the benefit of, the successors and permitted assigns of the parties. 

(e) Relationship
of the Parties . The parties are independent contractors, and are not partners or joint venturers, and nothing contained herein is
intended to create an agency relationship or a partnership or joint venture. 

(f) Employees .
Employees or subcontractors of PAVmed shall not be considered employees of Lucid Diagnostics by reason of this Agreement. 

(g) Notices .
All notices or other communications to be given hereunder to a party shall be in writing and shall be sent by delivery in person, by
nationally recognized courier service, by telecopy or by electronic mail. Any notice given hereunder shall be deemed to have been given
upon the earlier of: (i) receipt and (ii) two days after being sent by a nationally recognized courier service, return receipt or proof
of delivery requested. 

3 

(h) Governing
Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard
to conflicts of law rules. 

(i) No
Waiver . No failure or delay on the part of any party hereto in exercising any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a
waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof
or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless the same
shall be made in writing and signed by the party against whom such waiver is sought to be enforced. 

(j) Severability .
If it is finally determined that any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, the parties agree that the court
making the determination of invalidity or unenforceability shall reduce the scope, duration, or area of the term or provision, delete
specific words or phrases, or replace any invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable
and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision, and this Agreement shall be enforceable
as so modified. 

(k) No
Third-Party Beneficiaries . Except for the right of PAVmed s affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives
to enforce their rights to indemnification under Section 5(d), this Agreement benefits solely the parties to this Agreement and their
respective permitted successors and assigns and nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, confers on any other person any legal
or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement. 

(l) Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in two counterparts. 

[ Signature
page follows ] 

4 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

PAVMED
 INC. 

By: 

Name:

Title:

LUCID
 DIAGNOSTICS INC. 

By: 

Name:

Title:

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.9>
 5
 ex10-9.htm

Exhibit 10.9 

LUCID
DIAGNOSTICS INC. 

2018
LONG-TERM INCENTIVE EQUITY PLAN 

STOCK
OPTION AGREEMENT 

THIS
STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT is made as of the Grant Date by and between Lucid Diagnostics Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ),
and Grantee. 

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Company s 2018 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan (the Plan ), the
Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board authorized the grant to the Grantee of an option (the Option to purchase up to the number of shares of the authorized
but unissued common stock of the Company, .001 par value Common Stock set forth in the table below opposite Number
of Shares Subject to Option (the Option Shares ), conditioned upon the Grantee s acceptance thereof
upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and subject to the terms of the Plan (capitalized terms used herein and not
otherwise defined have the meanings set forth in the Plan); and 

WHEREAS,
the Grantee desires to acquire the Option on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and subject to the terms of the Plan; 

Grantee: 

Grant Date: 

Number of Shares Subject to Option: 

Exercise Price (Per Share): 

Expiration Date: 

Vest Schedule: 
 See Vest Schedule online
 on etrade.com 1 
 
 Type of Grant: 

1 As shown on the Vest Schedule at etrade.com,
the Option will vest one-third on or about the one-year anniversary of the most recent quarter end as of the Grant Date, with the remaining
portion of the Option vesting in eight, equal quarterly installments. 

IT
IS AGREED: 

1. Grant
of Stock Option . The Company hereby grants to the Grantee the right and option to purchase all or any part of the Option Shares on
the terms and conditions set forth herein and subject to the provisions of the Plan. 

2. Non-Incentive
Stock Option . The Option represented hereby is not intended to be an Option that qualifies as an Incentive Stock Option 
under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

3. Exercise
Price . The exercise price (the Exercise Price of the Option is defined as the closing price of the Company s
common stock on Grant Date, subject to adjustment as hereinafter provided. 

4. Effect
of Termination of Employment . 

4.1. Termination
Due to Death . If Grantee s employment by the Company terminates by reason of death, the portion of the Option, if any, that
was exercisable as of the date of death may thereafter be exercised by the legal representative of the estate or by the legatee of the
Grantee under the will of the Grantee, for a period of one year from the date of such death or until the expiration of the Exercise Period,
whichever period is shorter. The portion of the Option, if any, that was not exercisable as of the date of death shall immediately terminate
upon death. 

2 

4.2. Termination
Due to Disability . If Grantee s employment by the Company terminates by reason of Disability, the portion of the Option, if
any, that was exercisable as of the date of termination of employment may thereafter be exercised by the Grantee or legal representative
for a period of one year from the date of such termination or until the expiration of the Exercise Period, whichever period is shorter.
The portion of the Option, if any, that was not exercisable as of the date of Disability shall immediately terminate upon disability. 

4.3. Termination
Due to Retirement . If Grantee s employment by the Company terminates due to Normal Retirement, then the portion of the Option
that was exercisable as of the date of termination of employment may be exercised for a period of one year from the date of such termination
or until the expiration of the Exercise Period, whichever is shorter. The portion of the Option not yet exercisable on the date of termination
of employment shall immediately expire. 

4.4. Termination
by the Company Without Cause or by the Grantee . If Grantee s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause 
or by the Grantee, then the portion of the Option that was exercisable as of the date of termination of employment may be exercised for
a period of three months from the date of such termination or until the expiration of the Exercise Period, whichever is shorter. The
portion of the Option not yet exercisable on the date of termination of employment shall immediately expire. 

4.4.1. As
used herein, Cause shall mean: (a) the refusal or failure by Grantee to carry out specific directions of the Grantee s
supervisor which are of a material nature and consistent with Grantee s position at the Company; (b) the commission by Grantee
of a material breach of any of the provisions of any agreement with the Company or of any written policies or procedures of the Company;
(c) fraud or dishonest action by Grantee in Grantee s relations with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates dishonest 
for these purposes shall mean Employees knowingly or recklessly making a material misstatement or omission for her personal benefit);
or (d) the conviction of Grantee of a felony under federal or state law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Cause shall
be deemed to exist with respect to Grantee s acts described in clauses (a) or (b) above, unless the Company shall have given written
notice to Grantee within a period not to exceed ten (10) calendar days of the initial existence of the occurrence, specifying the Cause 
with reasonable particularity and, within thirty (30) calendar days after such notice, Grantee shall not have cured or eliminated the
problem or thing giving rise to such Cause provided, however, no more than two cure periods need be provided during any
twelve-month period. 

3 

4.5. Change
of Control . If a Change of Control (as defined in the Company s form of Indemnification Agreement in use as of the date hereof)
occurs upon or prior to a termination of Grantee s employment, then upon termination of Grantee s employment following such
event (other than a termination by the Company for Cause), the Option immediately shall become exercisable as to all the Option Shares
and may be exercised for a period of three months (or in the case of the death, Disability or Normal Retirement of Grantee, one year)
from the date of such termination or until the expiration of the Exercise Period, whichever is shorter. 

4.6. Other
Termination . 

4.6.1. If
Grantee s employment is terminated for any reason other than (i) death, (ii) Disability, (iii) Normal Retirement, (iv) without
Cause by the Company or (v) by the Grantee, the Option shall expire on the date of termination of employment. 

4.6.2. In
the event the Grantee s employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may annul any
award granted hereunder and require the Grantee to return to the Company the economic benefit of any Option Shares purchased hereunder
by the Grantee within the 6 month period prior to the date of termination. In such event, the Grantee hereby agrees to remit to the Company,
in cash, an amount equal to the difference between the Fair Market Value of the Option Shares on the date of termination (or, if higher,
the sales price of such Shares if the Option Shares were sold during such 6 month period) and the Exercise Price of such Shares. 

4.6.3. Competing
With the Company . If Grantee s employment with the Company or a Subsidiary is terminated for any reason whatsoever and within
12 months after the date thereof such Grantee either (i) accepts employment with any competitor of, or otherwise engages in competition
with, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) solicits any customers or employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to do
business with or render services to the Holder or any business with which the Grantee becomes affiliated or to which the Grantee renders
services or (iii) uses or discloses to anyone outside the Company any confidential information or material of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries in violation of the Company s policies or any agreement between the Grantee and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
the Committee, in its sole discretion, may require the Grantee to return to the Company the economic value of any award that was realized
or obtained by such Grantee at any time during the period beginning on the date that is 6 months prior to the date such Grantee s
employment is terminated; provided, however, that if Grantee is a resident of the State of California, such right must be exercised by
the Company for cash within six months after the date of termination of Grantee s service to the Company or within six months after
exercise of the Option, whichever is later. In such event, Grantee agrees to remit the economic value to the Company in accordance with
Section 4.6.2. 

5. Withholding
Tax . Not later than the date as of which an amount first becomes includible in the gross income of the Grantee for Federal income
tax purposes with respect to the Option, the Grantee shall pay to the Company, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Committee regarding
the payment of, any Federal, state and local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld or paid with respect to such amount Withholding
Tax ). The obligations of the Company under the Plan and pursuant to this Agreement shall be conditional upon such payment
or arrangements with the Company and the Company shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any Withholding Taxes
from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Grantee from the Company. 

6. Adjustments .
In the event of any change in the shares of Common Stock of the Company as a whole occurring as the result of a common stock split, or
reverse split, common stock dividend payable on shares of Common Stock, combination or exchange of shares, or other extraordinary or
unusual event occurring after the grant of the Option, the Committee shall determine, in its sole discretion, whether such change equitably
requires an adjustment in the terms of this Option or the aggregate number of shares reserved for issuance under the Plan. Any such adjustments
will be made by the Committee, whose determination will be final, binding and conclusive. 

4 

7. Method
of Exercise . 

7.1. Notice
to the Company . The Option shall be exercised in whole or in part by written notice in substantially the form attached hereto as
 Exhibit A directed to the Company at its principal place of business accompanied by full payment as hereinafter provided of the
exercise price for the number of Option Shares specified in the notice and of the Withholding Taxes, if any. 

7.2. Delivery
of Option Shares . The Company shall deliver a certificate for the Option Shares to the Grantee as soon as practicable after payment
therefor. 

7.3. Payment
of Purchase Price . 

7.3.1. Cash
Payment . The Grantee shall make cash payments by wire transfer, certified or bank check or personal check, in each case payable to
the order of the Company; the Company shall not be required to deliver certificates for Option Shares until the Company has confirmed
the receipt of good and available funds in payment of the purchase price thereof. 

7.3.2. Cashless
Payment . Provided that prior approval of the Company has been obtained, the Grantee may use Common Stock of the Company owned by
him to pay the purchase price for the Option Shares by delivery of stock certificates in negotiable form which are effective to transfer
good and valid title thereto to the Company, free of any liens or encumbrances. Shares of Common Stock used for this purpose shall be
valued at the Fair Market Value. 

7.3.3. Payment
of Withholding Tax . Any required Withholding Tax may be paid in cash or with Common Stock in accordance with Sections 7.3.1 and 7.3.2. 

7.3.4. Exchange
Act Compliance . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall have the right to reject payment in the form of Common Stock if
in the opinion of counsel for the Company, (i) it could result in an event of recapture under Section 16(b) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; (ii) such shares of Common Stock may not be sold or transferred to the Company; or (iii) such transfer could create
legal difficulties for the Company. 

5 

8. Transfer .
Except as may be set forth in the next sentence of this Section, the Option shall not be transferable by the Grantee other than by will
or by the laws of descent and distribution, and the Option shall be exercisable, during the Grantee s lifetime, only by the Grantee
(or, to the extent of legal incapacity or incompetency, the Grantee s guardian or legal representative). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Grantee, with the approval of the Committee, may transfer all or a portion of the Option (i) (A) by gift, for no consideration, or
(B) pursuant to a domestic relations order, in either case, to or for the benefit of the Grantee s Immediate Family 
(as defined below), or (ii) to an entity in which the Grantee and/or members of Grantee s Immediate Family own more than fifty
percent of the voting interest, in exchange for an interest in that entity, subject to such limits as the Committee may establish, and
the transferee shall remain subject to all the terms and conditions applicable to the Option prior to such transfer. The term Immediate
Family shall mean any child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew,
mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law or sister-in-law, including adoptive relationships, any person
sharing the Grantee s household (other than a tenant or employee), a trust in which these persons have more than fifty percent
beneficial interest, and a foundation in which these persons (or the Grantee) control the management of the assets. 

9. Company
Representations . The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Grantee that: 

9.1. the
Company, by appropriate and all required action, is duly authorized to enter into this Agreement and consummate all of the transactions
contemplated hereunder; and 

9.2. the
Option Shares, when issued and delivered by the Company to the Grantee in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof, will be duly
and validly issued and fully paid and non-assessable. 

10. Grantee
Representations . The Grantee hereby represents and warrants to the Company that the Grantee: 

10.1.
is acquiring the Option and shall acquire the Option Shares for their own account and not with a view towards the distribution thereof; 

6 

10.2. has
received a copy of the Plan as in effect as of the date of this Agreement; 

10.3. has
received a copy of all reports and documents required to be filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant
to the Exchange Act, within the last 24 months and all reports issued by the Company to its stockholders; 

10.4. understands
that the Grantee is subject to the Company s Insider Trading Policy and has received a copy of such policy as of the date of this
Agreement; 

10.5. understands
that the Grantee must bear the economic risk of the investment in the Option Shares, which cannot be sold by the Grantee unless they
are registered under the Securities Act of 1933 1933 Act or an exemption therefrom is available thereunder and
that the Company is under no obligation to register the Option Shares for sale under the 1933 Act; 

10.6. in
their position with the Company, has had both the opportunity to ask questions and receive answers from the officers and directors of
the Company and all persons acting on its behalf concerning the terms and conditions of the offer made hereunder and to obtain any additional
information to the extent the Company possesses or may possess such information or can acquire it without unreasonable effort or expense
necessary to verify the accuracy of the information obtained pursuant to Section 10.3 above; 

10.7. is
aware that the Company shall place stop transfer orders with its transfer agent against the transfer of the Option Shares in the absence
of registration under the 1933 Act or an exemption therefrom as provided herein; and 

10.8. if,
at the time of issuance of the Option Shares, the issuance of such shares have not been registered under the 1933 Act, the certificates
evidencing the Option Shares shall bear the following legends: 

The
shares represented by this certificate have been acquired for investment and have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933.
The shares may not be sold or transferred in the absence of such registration or an exemption therefrom under said Act. 

7 

The
shares represented by this certificate have been acquired pursuant to a Stock Option Agreement dated as of the Grant Date ,
a copy of which is on file with the Company, and may not be transferred, pledged or disposed of except in accordance with the terms and
conditions thereof. 

11. Restriction
on Transfer of Option Shares . Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, the Grantee hereby agrees that they shall
not sell, transfer by any means or otherwise dispose of the Option Shares acquired by him unless (i) the Option Shares are registered
under the 1933 Act, or in the event that they are not so registered, an exemption from the 1933 Act registration requirements is available
thereunder and the Grantee has furnished the Company with notice of such proposed transfer and the Company s legal counsel, in
its reasonable opinion, shall deem such proposed transfer to be so exempt, and (ii) such transfer is in compliance with the Company s
Insider Trading Policy, as in effect at such time. 

12. Miscellaneous . 

12.1. Notices .
All notices, requests, deliveries, payments, demands and other communications which are required or permitted to be given under this
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be either delivered personally or sent by registered or certified mail, or by private courier
to the parties at their respective addresses set forth herein, or to such other address as either party shall have specified by notice
in writing to the other. Notice shall be deemed duly given hereunder when delivered or mailed as provided herein. 

12.2. Conflicts
with the Plan . In the event of a conflict between the provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Agreement, the provisions
of the Plan shall in all respects be controlling. 

12.3. Grantee
and Stockholder Rights . The Grantee shall not have any of the rights of a stockholder with respect to the Option Shares until such
shares have been issued after the due exercise of the Option. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to confer upon Grantee
any right to continue as an employee of the Company or any subsidiary or to employment or engagement with the Company or any subsidiary
thereof in any capacity whatsoever. 

8 

12.4. Waiver .
The waiver by any party hereto of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other
or subsequent breach. 

12.5. Entire
Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement
may not be amended except by writing executed by the Grantee and the Company. 

12.6. Binding
Effect; Successors . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and, to the extent not prohibited
herein, their respective heirs, successors, assigns and representatives. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended
to confer on any person other than the parties hereto and as provided above, their respective heirs, successors, assigns and representatives
any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities. 

12.7. Governing
Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to choice
of law provisions). 

12.8. Headings .
The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning
or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement. 

12.9.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have signed this Agreement as of the day and year first above: 

LUCID DIAGNOSTICS INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 Lishan Aklog, M.D. 

Title: 
 Chairman and CEO 

Date: 

GRANTEE: 

9 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.16>
 6
 ex10-16.htm

Exhibit 10.16 

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT 

THIS
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement dated as of April 18, 2022 is entered into between Michael Gordon Executive ),
and Lucid Diagnostics Inc., a Delaware corporation having its principal office at One Grand Central Place, Suite 4600, New York, New
York 10165 Company to become effective immediately. 

WHEREAS,
the Company and the Executive desire to enter into this Agreement to set forth the terms and conditions of Executive s employment
with the Company. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth, the Company and the Executive
hereby agree as follows: 

1. Employment, Duties and Acceptance . 

1.1 General .
The Company hereby agrees to employ the Executive as its General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. All of Executive s powers and
authority in any capacity shall at all times be subject to the direction and control of the Company s Chief Executive Officer CEO ).
The Executive may be assigned such management and supervisory responsibilities and executive duties for the Company or any subsidiary
of the Company, including serving as an executive officer and/or director of any subsidiary, as are consistent with Executive s
status as General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. 

1.2 Full-Time
Position . Executive accepts such employment and agrees to devote his best efforts and full time to promote the business and
affairs of the Company and its affiliated entities and shall be engaged in other business activities only to the extent that such
activities do not materially interfere or conflict with his obligations to the Company hereunder. Nothing herein, other than Section
5.4 below, shall be construed as preventing Executive from making and supervising personal investments, or serving on civic,
philanthropic, educational, or charitable boards or committees, or with the prior written consent of the Board, in its sole
discretion, on either public or private corporate boards so long as such activities are not restricted under the Company s
Code of Conduct and employment practices. Executive acknowledges and agrees that Schedule 1.2 attached hereto represents a complete
list of corporate boards on which the Executive serves as of the effective date of this agreement. Notwithstanding any provision of
this Section to the contrary, in no event shall the Executive invest in any business competitive with the Company or that would
otherwise violate the provisions of Section 5.4 below. 

1.3 Location .
Executive will perform his duties in New York, NY or in such other location as may be mutually agreed by Executive and the Company. Executive
shall undertake such travel, within or outside the United States, as is necessary to perform his duties hereunder. 

2. Term .
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on May 2, 2022 Effective Date and terminate on the third anniversary
of the Effective Date (the Initial Term unless terminated earlier as provided in this Agreement. In addition, the term
of this Agreement shall thereafter automatically renew for periods of one-year (the Renewal Term unless either party gives
written notice to the other party at least 60 days prior to the end of the term or at least 60 days prior to any one-year renewal period,
that the Agreement shall not be further extended. The period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the date on which the term
of the Executive s employment under the Agreement terminates is referred to herein as the Term . 

3. Compensation and Benefits . 

3.1 Salary .
The Company shall pay to Executive a salary Base Salary at the annual rate of 250,000. Executive s compensation
shall be paid in equal, periodic installments in accordance with the Company s normal payroll procedures. The Executive s
base salary shall be reviewed periodically by the Board or Committee (as defined below) pursuant to the Board or Committee s normal
performance review policies for senior level executives. 

3.2
 Bonus . In addition to the Base Salary, Executive shall be eligible to receive a discretionary performance bonus Bonus with a target of fifty percent (50 of the Executive s Base Salary in effect as of December 31 st of the preceding year
based on Executive s and the Company s performance over the preceding year. The payment and amount of any Bonus shall be
in the sole discretion of the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Committee ). 

3.3 Equity
Awards . Subject to approval by the Committee, Executive will be granted an option (the Option to acquire 200,000 shares
of the Company s common stock, at an exercise price per share basis equal to the closing price of the Company s common stock
as of the date immediately prior to the date of grant (the Grant Date ). Such option will be subject to the terms and conditions
of the Company s 2018 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan and a stock option agreement in the Company s standard form (pursuant
to which the Option shall be granted). 

3.4 Benefits .
Executive shall be entitled to such medical, life, disability and other benefits as are generally afforded to other executives of the
Company, subject to applicable waiting periods and other conditions, as well as participation in all other company-wide employee benefits,
including a defined contribution pension plan and 401(k) plan, as may be made available generally to executive employees from time to
time. The Executive shall be eligible to participate in the Company s annual and long-term incentive plans and programs in accordance
with the terms of such plans and programs as in effect and afforded to other senior executives of the Company at levels determined by
the Board (or committee of the Board). 

3.5 Vacation .
Executive shall be entitled to twenty (20) days of paid vacation in each year during the Term and to a reasonable number of other days
off for religious and personal reasons in accordance with customary Company policy. 

3.6 Expenses .
The Company shall pay or reimburse Executive for all transportation, hotel and other expenses reasonably incurred by Executive on business
trips and for all other ordinary and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses actually incurred by him in the conduct of the business of the
Company, including expenses relating to his laptop, cell phone or other similar devices, against itemized vouchers submitted with respect
to any such expenses and approved in accordance with customary procedures. 

4. Termination . 

4.1
 Death . If Executive dies during the Term, Executive s employment hereunder shall terminate and the Company shall pay to
Executive s estate the amount set forth in Section 4.6(a). 

4.2 Disability .
The Company, by written notice to Executive, may terminate Executive s employment hereunder if Executive shall fail because of
illness or incapacity to render services of the character contemplated by this Agreement for one hundred eighty (180) days. Upon such
termination, the Company shall pay to Executive the amount set forth in Section 4.6(a). 

4.3 By
Company for Cause or By the Executive Without Good Reason . The Company, by written notice to Executive,
may terminate Executive s employment hereunder for Cause. As used herein, Cause shall mean: (a) the
refusal or failure by Executive to carry out any lawful direction of the Board which are of a material nature and consistent with his
status as General Counsel (or whichever positions Executive holds at such time), or the refusal or failure by Executive to perform a
material part of Executive s duties hereunder; (b) the commission by Executive of a material breach of any of the provisions of
this Agreement; (c) fraud or dishonest action by Executive in his relations with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates dishonest for these purposes shall mean Executive s knowingly or recklessly making of a material misstatement or
omission for his personal benefit); or (d) the conviction of Executive of a felony under federal or state law. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no Cause for termination shall be deemed to exist with respect to Executive s acts described in clauses (a) or (b)
above, unless the Company shall have given written notice to Executive within a period not to exceed thirty (30) calendar days of the
initial existence of the occurrence, specifying the Cause with reasonable particularity and, within thirty (30) calendar
days after such notice, Executive shall not have cured or eliminated the problem or thing giving rise to such Cause; provided,
however, no more than two cure periods need be provided during any twelve- month period. Upon such termination, the Company shall pay
to Executive the amount set forth in Section 4.6(b). The Company shall also pay such amount to Executive upon his termination of employment
without Good Reason (as defined below), which Executive shall have the right to do on at least thirty (30) days written
notice to the Company. 

4.4
 By Executive for Good Reason . The Executive, by written notice to the Company, may terminate Executive s employment
hereunder if a Good Reason exists. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean the occurrence
of any of the following circumstances without the Executive s prior written consent: (a) a substantial and material adverse change
in the nature of Executive s title, duties or responsibilities with the Company (other than as a director of the Company) that
represents a demotion from his title, duties or responsibilities as in effect immediately prior to such change (such change, a Demotion );
(b) material breach of this Agreement by the Company; (c) a failure by the Company to make any payment to Executive when due, unless
the payment is not material and is being contested by the Company, in good faith; (d) a change of the principal office or work place
assigned to the Executive to a location more than 35 miles distant from its location immediately prior to such change; (e) a material
reduction of the Executive s Base Salary or bonus opportunity, unless pursuant to a reduction in such items applicable proportionally
to all senior management and board members; or (f) a liquidation, bankruptcy or receivership of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no Good Reason shall be deemed to exist with respect to the Company s acts described in clauses (a), (b), (c), (d)
or (e) above, unless Executive shall have given written notice to the Company within a period not to exceed thirty (30) calendar days
of the initial existence of the occurrence, specifying the Good Reason with reasonable particularity and, within thirty
(30) calendar days after such notice, the Company shall not have cured or eliminated the problem or thing giving rise to such Good
Reason provided, however, that no more than two cure periods shall be provided during any twelve-month period of a breach of
clauses (a), (b), (c), (d), or (e) above. Upon such termination, the Company shall pay to Executive the amount set forth in Section 4.6(c). 

4.5 By
Company Without Cause . The Company may terminate Executive s employment hereunder without Cause 
by giving at least thirty (30) days written notice to Executive. Upon such termination, the Company shall pay to Executive the amount
set forth in Section 4.6(c). 

4.6 Compensation
Upon Termination . In the event that Executive s employment hereunder is terminated, the Company shall pay to Executive the
following compensation: 

(a)
 Payment Upon Death or Disability . In the event that Executive s employment is terminated pursuant to Sections 4.1 or 4.2,
the Company shall no longer be under any obligation to Executive or his legal representatives pursuant to this Agreement except for:
(i) the Base Salary due Executive pursuant to Section 3.1 hereof through the date of termination; (ii) any Bonus which would have become
payable under Section 3.2 for the year in which the employment was terminated prorated by multiplying the full amount of the Bonus by
a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full calendar months worked by Executive during the year of termination
and the denominator of which is 12 (a full calendar month is a month in which the Executive worked at least two weeks);
(iii) all earned and previously approved but unpaid Bonuses for any year prior to the year of termination; (iv) all valid expense reimbursements,
and (v) all unused vacation pay through the date of termination required by law to be paid. 

(b) Payment
Upon Termination by the Company For Cause or by the Executive Without Good Reason . In the event that the Company terminates
Executive s employment hereunder pursuant to Section 4.3, the Company shall have no further obligations to the Executive hereunder,
except for: (i) the Base Salary due Executive pursuant to Section 3.1 hereof through the date of termination, (ii) all valid expense
reimbursements and (iii) all unused vacation pay through the date of termination required by law to be paid. 

(c)
 Payment Upon Termination by Company Without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason . In the event that Executive s employment
is terminated pursuant to Sections 4.4 or 4.5, the Company shall have no further obligations to Executive hereunder except for: (i) the
Base Salary (at the rate in effect immediately before Executive s termination or resignation, as applicable) due Executive pursuant
to Section 3.1 hereof until the later of the two- year anniversary of the Effective Date and the date that is twelve (12) months from
the date of termination; (ii) any Bonus which would have become payable under Section 3.2 for the year in which the employment was terminated
prorated by multiplying the full amount of the Bonus by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full calendar months 
worked by Executive during the year of termination and the denominator of which is 12 (a full calendar month is a month
in which the Executive worked at least two weeks); (iii) the Base Salary due Executive pursuant to Section 3.1 hereof through the date
of termination; (iv) all valid expense reimbursements; (v) to the extent the Executive timely elects to receive continuation coverage
pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended COBRA ), the Company shall pay or reimburse
the Executive, on a monthly basis, an amount equal to the full monthly premium for such coverage, from the date of termination until
the earlier of (A) the date twelve (12) months following the date of termination, and (B) the date of Executive becoming eligible for
coverage under a new employer s health insurance plan (the COBRA health care continuation coverage period under Section 4980B of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code shall run concurrently with the foregoing period); and (vi) all
unused vacation pay through the date of termination required by law to be paid, subject, in the case of clause (i) and (ii), to Executive s
compliance with Section 5 and to Executive s execution of a release of claims in favor of the Company, its affiliates and their
respective officers and directors in a form provided by the Company and such release becoming effective,. 

(d) Executive
shall have no duty to mitigate awards paid or payable to him pursuant to this Agreement, and any compensation paid or payable to Executive
from sources other than the Company will not offset or terminate the Company s obligation to pay to Executive the full amounts
pursuant to this Agreement. 

5. Protection of Confidential Information; Non-Competition . 

5.1 Acknowledgment . Executive acknowledges that: 

(a) As
a result of his employment with the Company, Executive will obtain secret and confidential information concerning the business of the
Company and its subsidiaries (referred to collectively in this Section 5 as the Company ), including, without limitation,
financial information, proprietary rights, trade secrets and know-how, customers and sources Confidential Information ). 

(b) The
Company will suffer substantial damage which will be difficult to compute if, during the period of his employment with the Company or
thereafter, Executive should enter a business competitive with the Company or divulge Confidential Information. 

(c) The
provisions of this Agreement are reasonable and necessary for the protection of the business of the Company. 

5.2 Confidentiality .
Executive agrees that he will not at any time, during the Term or thereafter, divulge to any person or entity any Confidential
Information obtained or learned by him as a result of his employment with the Company, except (i) in the course of performing his
duties hereunder, (ii) with the Company s prior written consent; (iii) to the extent that any such information is in the
public domain other than as a result of Executive s breach of any of his obligations hereunder; or (iv) where required to be
disclosed by law, regulation, stock exchange rule, court order, subpoena or other government process. If Executive shall be required
to make disclosure pursuant to the provisions of clause (iv) of the preceding sentence, Executive promptly, but in no event more
than 48 hours after learning of such subpoena, court order, or other government process, shall notify, confirmed by mail, the
Company and, at the Company s expense, Executive shall: (a) take all reasonably necessary and lawful steps required by the
Company to defend against the enforcement of such subpoena, court order or other government process, and (b) permit the Company to
intervene and participate with counsel of its choice in any proceeding relating to the enforcement thereof. 

5.3 Documents .
Upon termination of his employment with the Company, Executive will promptly deliver to the Company all memoranda, notes, records, reports,
manuals, drawings, blueprints and other documents (and all copies thereof) relating to the business of the Company and all property associated
therewith, which he may then possess or have under his control; provided, however, that Executive shall be entitled to retain copies
of such documents reasonably necessary to document his financial relationship with the Company. 

5.4 Non-competition .
During the Term and for a period of one (1) year thereafter, or two (2) years thereafter in the event of a Change of Control, Executive,
without the prior written permission of the Company, shall not, anywhere in the world, (i) be employed by, or render any services to,
any person, firm or corporation engaged in the medical device industry (or any other business) which is directly in competition with
any material business conducted or proposed to be conducted by the Company or any of its subsidiaries at the time of termination Competitive Business ); (ii) engage in any Competitive Business for his own account; (iii) be associated with or interested
in any Competitive Business as an individual, partner, shareholder, creditor, director, officer, principal, agent, employee, trustee,
consultant, advisor or in any other relationship or capacity; (iv) employ or retain, or have or cause any other person or entity to employ
or retain, any person who was employed or retained by the Company while Executive was employed by the Company; or (v) solicit, interfere
with, or endeavor to entice away from the Company, for the benefit of a Competitive Business, any of its customers or other persons with
whom the Company has a contractual relationship. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall preclude Executive from
investing his personal assets in any manner he chooses, provided, however, that Executive may not, during the period referred to in this
Section 5.4, own more than 4.9 of the equity securities of any Competitive Business. 

5.5 Injunctive
Relief . If Executive commits a breach, or threatens to commit a breach, of any of the provisions of Sections 5.2 or 5.4, the Company
shall have the right and remedy to seek to have the provisions of this Agreement specifically enforced by any court having equity jurisdiction,
it being acknowledged and agreed by Executive that the services being rendered hereunder to the Company are of a special, unique and
extraordinary character and that any such breach or threatened breach will cause irreparable injury to the Company and that money damages
will not provide an adequate remedy to the Company. The rights and remedies enumerated in this Section 5.5 shall be in addition to, and
not in lieu of, any other rights and remedies available to the Company under law or equity. In connection with any legal action or proceeding
arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be entitled to be reimbursed by
the other party for the reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred by the prevailing party. 

5.6 Modification .
If any provision of Sections 5.2 or 5.4 is held to be unenforceable because of the scope, duration or area of its applicability, the
tribunal making such determination shall have the power to modify such scope, duration, or area, or all of them, and such provision or
provisions shall then be applicable in such modified form. 

5.7 Survival .
The provisions of this Section 5 shall survive the termination of employment under this Agreement for any reason. 

6. Miscellaneous Provisions . 

6.1 Notices .
All notices provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing, and shall be deemed to have been duly given when (i) delivered personally
to the party to receive the same, or (ii) when mailed first class postage prepaid, by certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed
to the party to receive the same at his or its address set forth below, or such other address as the party to receive the same shall
have specified by written notice given in the manner provided for in this Section 6.1, or sent via email or facsimile. 

If
to Executive, to his address as set forth in the Company s books and records. 

If to the Company: 

Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. 

 One
Grand Central Place, Suite 4600 

 New York, New York 10165 

Attn:
Lishan Aklog, M.D. 

 Email: la@pavmed.com 

6.2 Entire
Agreement; Waiver . This Agreement and the separate indemnification agreement being entered simultaneously herewith sets forth the
entire agreement of the parties relating to the employment of Executive and is intended to supersede all prior negotiations, understandings
and agreements. No provisions of this Agreement may be waived or changed except by a writing by the party against whom such waiver or
change is sought to be enforced. The failure of any party to require performance of any provision hereof or thereof shall in no manner
affect the right at a later time to enforce such provision. 

6.3 Governing
Law . All questions with respect to the construction of this Agreement, and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder, shall
be determined in accordance with the law of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely in New York. 

6.4 Binding
Effect; Nonassignability . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and assigns of the Company.
This Agreement shall not be assignable by Executive, but shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Executive s heirs and
legal representatives. 

6.5 Severability .
Should any provision of this Agreement become legally unenforceable, no other provision of this Agreement shall be affected, and this
Agreement shall continue as if the Agreement had been executed absent the unenforceable provision. 

6.6 Section
409A . This Agreement is intended to comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code Section 409A ).
To the extent that any payments and/or benefits provided hereunder are not considered compliant with Section 409A, the parties agree
that the Company shall take all actions necessary to make such payments and/or benefits become compliant. 

7. Arbitration;
Expenses . In the event of any dispute under the provisions of this Agreement, other than a dispute in which the primary relief
sought is an equitable remedy such as an injunction, the parties shall be required to have the dispute, controversy or claim settled
by arbitration in the non-moving parties jurisdiction in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures
then in effect of the American Arbitration Association, before an arbitrator agreed to by both parties. If the parties cannot agree
upon the choice of arbitrator, the Company and the Executive will each choose an arbitrator. The two arbitrators will then select a
third arbitrator who will serve as the actual arbitrator for the dispute, controversy or claim. Any award entered by the arbitrator
shall be final, binding and nonappealable and judgment may be entered thereon by either party in accordance with applicable law in
any court of competent jurisdiction. This arbitration provision shall be specifically enforceable. The arbitrator shall have no
authority to modify any provision of this Agreement or to award a remedy for a dispute involving this Agreement other than a benefit
specifically provided under or by virtue of the Agreement. Each party shall be responsible for its own expenses relating to the
conduct of the arbitration (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) and shall share the fees of the American
Arbitration Association. 

8.
 Attorneys Fees . Except as provided in Section 7 above, in any action at law or in equity to enforce or construe any provisions
or rights under this Agreement, the unsuccessful party or parties to such litigation, as determined by the courts pursuant to a final
judgment or decree, shall pay the successful party or parties all costs, expenses, and reasonable attorneys fees incurred by such
successful party or parties (including, without limitation, such costs, expenses, and fees on any appeals), and if such successful party
or parties shall recover judgment in any such action or proceedings, such costs, expenses, and attorneys fees shall be included
as part of such judgment. 

[Signature
Page Follows] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the date first above written. 

LUCID
 DIAGNOSTICS INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 Lishan
 Aklog, M.D. 

Title: 
 Chairman
 and CEO 

By:

Name: 
 Michael
 Gordon 

Schedule
1.2. Schedule of Consultancy, Advisory, or Board of Directors 

Alpha
Chi Alpha (Dartmouth College) Alumni Association 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-10.18>
 7
 ex10-18.htm

Exhibit 10.18 

TERMINATION
AGREEMENT 

This
Termination Agreement (this Termination Agreement is entered as of February 10, 2023 (the Effective
Date ), by and among ResearchDx, Inc., a California corporation ResearchDx ), Lucid Diagnostics
Inc., a Delaware corporation Lucid Diagnostics ), and LucidDx Labs Inc., a Delaware corporation LucidDx
Labs ). Each of ResearchDx, Lucid Diagnostics and LucidDx Labs is referred to herein as a Party 
and, collectively, as the Parties . 

WHEREAS,
ResearchDx, Lucid Diagnostics and LucidDx Labs are parties to that certain Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2022 (as
amended from time to time, the Asset Purchase Agreement ), pursuant to which LucidDx Labs purchased from ResearchDx
certain assets in respect of that certain CLIA-certified, high-complexity clinical laboratory located at 14 Orchard Road, Lake Forest,
CA 92630 (the Laboratory ), where the EsoGuard assay was then conducted for the benefit of LucidDx Labs 
parent company, Lucid Diagnostics. 

WHEREAS,
in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, ResearchDx and LucidDx Labs entered into
that certain License Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2022 (as amended from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Management
Services Agreement capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings assigned thereto in the Management
Services Agreement), pursuant to which LucidDx Labs engaged ReseachDx to provided certain services related to the operation of the Laboratory
following consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Asset Purchase Agreement; 

WHEREAS,
the Parties have mutually agreed to the termination of the Management Services Agreement without cause (as that phrase is defined in
the Management Services Agreement) on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and releases set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties each intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

1. Termination
of Management Services Agreement . The Parties hereby agree that the Management Services Agreement is hereby terminated without
cause (as that phrase is defined in the Management Services Agreement), effective as of the Effective Date, and of no further force and
effect. Except as expressly provided herein, none of the Parties shall have any further rights or obligations under or otherwise in respect
of the Management Services Agreement, notwithstanding anything in the Management Services Agreement to the contrary (except that the
recordkeeping provisions in Article I, Section 1(c)(1) of the Management Services Agreement, and the confidentiality provisions in Article
X, Section 1(c)(1) of the Management Services Agreement shall continue in full force and effect). 

2. Earnout
Payment and Minimum Quarterly Payments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Asset Purchase Agreement or the Management
Services Agreement, the Parties hereby further agree that, from and after the Effective Date: 

(a) the
aggregate amount of earned but unpaid Earnout Payments (as defined in the Asset Purchase Agreement) shall be 725,000; and 

(b) ResearchDx
shall have no further right to receive, and neither LucidDx Labs nor Lucid Diagnostics shall have any further obligation to pay to ResearchDx
or any of its affiliates, any Minimum Quarterly Payment or portion thereof pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement or the Management
Services Agreement. 

ResearchDx
hereby directs Lucid Diagnostics to issue to Endeavour Investments, LLC 553,436 shares of Lucid Diagnostics common stock, in full
satisfaction of LucidDx Labs and Lucid Diagnostics obligations with respect to Earnout Payments. Lucid Diagnostics hereby
agrees to make such issuance within fifteen (15) days of the Effective Date. 

3. Mutual
Releases . 

(a) Each
of Lucid Diagnostics and LucidDx Labs, on behalf of itself, their respective affiliates, and its and their respective affiliates 
officers, directors, successors or assigns, licensees, agents, employees and all those acting under their direction or pursuant to their
control (collectively, the Lucid Release Parties ), releases and discharges ResearchDx, its affiliates and
its and its affiliates officers, directors, successors or assigns, licensees, agents, employees and all those acting under their
direction or pursuant to their control (the ResearchDx Release Parties ), from any and all actions, causes
of action, rights of action, damages, suits, notes, debts, costs, sums of money, obligations, accounts, liabilities, covenants, contracts,
controversies, agreements, promises, losses, damages, judgments, claims, and demands whatsoever (collectively, Claims ),
whether known or unknown, liquidated or contingent, foreseeable or unforeseeable, and whether or not alleged or made in law or equity,
that any of the Lucid Release Parties has, owns or holds, or might have had, owned or held, whether individually, representatively, derivatively
or in any other capacity, from the beginning of the world to the Effective Date, arising from or otherwise related to the Management
Services Agreement or the termination thereof. 

(b) ResearchDx,
on behalf of itself and each of the other ResearchDx Release Parties, releases and discharges each of the Lucid Release Parties from
any and all Claims, whether known or unknown, liquidated or contingent, foreseeable or unforeseeable, and whether or not alleged or made
in law or equity, that any of the ResearchDx Release Parties has, owns or holds, or might have had, owned or held, whether individually,
representatively, derivatively or in any other capacity, from the beginning of the world to the Effective Date, arising from or otherwise
related to the Management Services Agreement or the termination thereof. 

(c) The
foregoing mutual releases shall not release any Claims (i) to enforce this Agreement or (ii) that may arise from or otherwise be related
to the Asset Purchase Agreement Lease Agreement; provided that it is agreed and understood that the foregoing mutual releases shall release
any Claims in respect of the Asset Purchase Agreement related to Earnout Payments or Minimum Quarterly Payments. 

4. No
Admission of Liability; No Precedent Regarding Future Disputes . The Parties agree that this Termination Agreement does not constitute
an admission of liability by any Party, it does not constitute any factual or legal precedent or finding whatsoever with respect to any
future disputes, and it may not be used as evidence in any subsequent proceeding of any kind, except in an action alleging breach of
this Termination Agreement. 

2 

5. Confidentiality .
Except as expressly permitted in this Section 5 , none of the Parties shall, and they shall not permit any of their respective
affiliates or their and their respective affiliates officers, directors, employees, agents and attorneys (collectively, Representatives to, make any press releases or other public or private communications about this Termination Agreement. The only such use, disclosures
and communications permitted are as follows: 

(a) The
Parties are permitted to disclose that the Parties have mutually agreed to terminate the Management Services Agreement without
cause (and not for any other reason); 

(b) The
Parties are permitted to disclose the terms of the this Termination Agreement to their respective officers, directors, attorneys, , and
accountants or other financial advisors, and to their respective parent companies only to the extent necessary for the conduct of the
parties respective financial affairs; provided that all such persons are informed of the confidential nature of the Termination
Agreement and agree to keep such information confidential; 

(c) The
Parties, and their successors and assigns, are permitted to disclose the terms of this Termination Agreement pursuant to a subpoena issued
by a court of competent jurisdiction or a legislative body, provided that the disclosing party shall immediately inform the non-disclosing
parties upon receipt of the subpoena, by means of written notice, and that the disclosing party shall apprise the third party seeking
disclosure of the confidential nature of the information and shall use its good faith efforts to secure and assure the confidentiality
and non-disclosure of the information to and/or by the third party; 

(d) The
Parties are permitted to disclose the terms of this Termination Agreement to the extent necessary to enforce its rights hereunder, but
only in a confidential mediation or arbitration; and 

(e) Lucid
Diagnostics and its parent company, PAVmed Inc., a Delaware corporation, are permitted to disclose the fact of and terms of this Termination
Agreement to the extent necessary to comply with any securities laws or regulations applicable to either of them as a publicly-traded
company. Any such disclosure must say the Parties have mutually agreed to terminate the Management Services Agreement without
cause. 

The
Parties agree that any breach of the non-use, non-disclosure and other confidentiality obligations set forth herein shall result in immediate
and irreparable harm and each Party acknowledges that there may be no adequate remedy at law for such breach or disclosure and that in
the event thereof the non-breaching party shall be entitled to equitable relief in the nature of injunction and to all other available
relief at law or in equity. 

6. Non-Solicitation .
Each of Lucid Diagnostics and LucidDx Labs agrees that from the Effective Date through the one-year anniversary thereof (the Restricted
Period ), each of them will not directly or indirectly, for its own account or for the account of others, hire, urge, induce,
entice, or in any manner whatsoever solicit any ResearchDx employee to leave the employment of ResearchDx or any of its affiliates. ResearchDx
agrees that during the Restricted Period, it will not directly or indirectly, for its own account or for the account of others, hire,
urge, induce, entice, or in any manner whatsoever solicit any Lucid Diagnostics or LucidDx Labs employee to leave the employment of Lucid
Diagnostics, LucidDx Labs or any of their respective affiliates. 

3 

7. Non-Disparagement .
Each of Lucid Diagnostics and LucidDx shall not, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause its directors, managers,
officers, employees and affiliates not to, disparage or make any false or inaccurate statements (whether in oral, written, electronic
or other form) regarding ResearchDx or any of its affiliates. ResearchDx shall not, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts
to cause its directors, managers, officers, employees and affiliates not to, disparage or make any false or inaccurate statements (whether
in oral, written, electronic or other form) regarding Lucid Diagnostics, LucidDx Labs or any of their respective affiliates. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing in this Section 7 shall prohibit the making of truthful statements in the course of sworn testimony in any legal
proceedings (including, without limitation, depositions in connection with such proceedings) or otherwise as required by law. 

8. Representations .
Each of the Parties represents and warrants to the other Party that: 

(a) it
has entered into this Termination Agreement and executed this Termination Agreement voluntarily and willingly; 

(b) it
has relied upon the legal advice of its attorneys, who are the attorneys of its own choice and that the terms of this Termination Agreement
have been completely read and explained to it by its attorneys, and that those terms are fully understood and voluntarily accepted by
it; and 

(c) it
is the sole and exclusive owner of the claims it is releasing hereby, it has the sole and exclusive right and is duly authorized to settle
and release the other Party from such claims, and it has not assigned or otherwise transferred to any other party any such claims being
settled and/or released pursuant to this Termination Agreement. 

9. Governing
Law . This Termination Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without reference to conflict of law
principles, and any dispute arising under this Termination Agreement shall be adjudicated in accordance with the dispute resolution provisions
set forth in the Management Services Agreement. The Parties acknowledge and waive any challenge to the exercise of jurisdiction over
them by such an arbitration tribunal in connection with any dispute arising from or related to this Termination Agreement. 

10. Amendments .
This Termination Agreement may not be modified except in writing signed by all Parties hereto. 

11. Further
Assurance . The Parties hereto agree to execute such other writings, documents and instruments as may be necessary or desirable
to effectuate the purposes of this Termination Agreement but in the event of any difference between this Termination Agreement and such
other writings, the provisions herein shall control. 

12. Counterparts .
This Termination Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each one of which may be deemed the original. 

[ signature
page follows ] 

4 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Termination Agreement to be duly executed in duplicate counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed to constitute an original, effective as of the date first above written. 

LUCID
 DIAGNOSTICS INC. 

By:

Name:
 
 Lishan
 Aklog, M.D. 

Title:
 
 Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 

LUCIDDX
 LABS INC. 

By: 

Name:
 
 Lishan
 Aklog, M.D. 

Title:
 
 Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 

RESEARCHDX,
 INC. 

By:

Name: 

Title: 

5 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-14.1>
 8
 ex14-1.htm

Exhibit
14.1 

LUCID
DIAGNOSTICS INC. 

 CODE
OF ETHICS 

 (As
Adopted as of October 14, 2021) 

1.
Introduction 

The
Board of Directors (the Board of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. (the Company has adopted this code
of ethics (this Code ), which is applicable to all directors, officers, and employees (each a person , 
as used herein) of the Company, with the intent to: 

promote
 honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional
 relationships; 

promote
 the full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with, or submits
 to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), as well as in other public communications made by or on
 behalf of the Company; 

promote
 compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules, and regulations; 

deter
 wrongdoing; and 

require
 prompt internal reporting of breaches of, and accountability for adherence to, this Code. 

This
Code also is designed to ensure an appropriate and timely response to detected violations, establish appropriate disciplinary mechanisms
and create procedures to prevent further offenses, including modification of this Code, when necessary. 

This
Code codifies the personal and professional ethical and legal standards of conduct required of Company employees, officers and directors,
the procedures by which complaints of violations of those standards will be investigated and the disciplinary actions which may be taken
to enforce this Code. This Code is intended to supplement, but not to replace, our Employee Handbook and any other policies that we
have established. 

This
Code shall constitute the Company s written code of ethics under Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as
amended, in compliance with the standards set forth in Item 406 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. This Code also shall be a program
that has been reasonably designed, implemented, and enforced so that it generally will be effective in preventing and detecting criminal
conduct as designated by the Federal Sentencing Guidelines for Organizations. 

This
Code may be amended only by resolution of the Board. In this Code, references to the Company include, in appropriate
context, its subsidiaries. 

Page 1 of 6 (Exhibit 14.1) 

Exhibit
14.1 

 (continue) 

2.
Honest, Ethical and Fair Conduct 

Each
person owes a duty to the Company to act with integrity. Integrity requires, among other things, being honest, fair, and candid. Deceit,
dishonesty, and subordination of the Company s interests to personal interests are inconsistent with integrity. Service to the
Company should never be subordinated to personal gain or advantage. 

Each
person must: 

Act
 with integrity, including being honest and candid while still maintaining the confidentiality of the Company s information
 where required or in the Company s interests. 

Observe
 all applicable governmental laws, rules, and regulations within the United States and other jurisdictions in which the Company operates. 

Comply
 with the requirements of applicable accounting and auditing standards, as well as Company policies, in order to maintain a high standard
 of accuracy and completeness in the Company s financial records and other business-related information and data. 

Adhere
 to a high standard of business ethics and not seek competitive advantage through unlawful or unethical business practices. 

Deal
 fairly with the Company s customers, suppliers, competitors, and employees. 

Refrain
 from taking advantage of anyone through manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation of material
 facts, or any other unfair-dealing practice. 

Page 2 of 6 (Exhibit 14.1) 

Exhibit
14.1 

 (continue) 

Maintain
 the confidentiality of information entrusted to them by the Company or by its customers, suppliers, or partners, except when disclosure
 is expressly authorized or is required or permitted by law. Confidential information includes all nonpublic information (regardless
 of its source) that might be of use to the Company s competitors or harmful to the Company or its customers, suppliers or partners
 if disclosed. 

that
 are discovered through the use of corporate assets, (ii) using corporate assets, information, or position for personal gain, and
 (iii) competing with the Company. 

Board
 (or the appropriate committee of the Board). Anything that would be a conflict for a person subject to this Code also will be a conflict
 if it is related to a member of his or her family or a close relative. Examples of conflict of interest situations include, but are
 not limited to, the following: 

any
 significant ownership interest in any supplier or customer; 

any
 consulting or employment relationship with any customer, supplier, or competitor; 

any
 outside business activity that detracts from a person s ability to devote appropriate time and attention to his or her responsibilities
 with the Company; 

receipt
 or provision, directly or indirectly, of any payment, gift of more than nominal value, meal, entertainment or any form of preferential
 treatment from any vendor, customer, partner or competitor of the Company or any other individual or entity with which the Company
 has current or prospective business dealings. For example, no payments, direct or indirect, including gifts of more than nominal
 value, or any form of preferential treatment, may be solicited or accepted to obtain or retain the Company s business or to
 realize a certain price for the Company s products. Any such payments, gifts, meals, entertainment or other preferential treatment
 which would imply or incur an obligation must not be accepted or provided by any person, or any child, stepchild, parent, stepparent,
 spouse, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law or sister-in-law, significant other of
 any such person, or any person (other than a tenant or employee) sharing such person s household immediate family
 member ), in connection with transactions involving the Company. For example, acceptance of any such payment, gift, meal,
 entertainment or preferential treatment by an immediate family member of a person from one of the Company s suppliers could
 create a conflict of interest and result in a violation of this Code by such person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent
 consistent with other Company policies, inexpensive gifts and meals and entertainment that are not excessive and do not create an
 appearance of impropriety may be accepted in the normal course of business relations and, to the extent practical, may be reciprocated.
 Questions regarding whether a particular payment, gift, meal, entertainment or preferential treatment violates this policy are to
 be directed to the Chief Financial Officer; 

being
 in the position of supervising, reviewing, or having any influence on the job evaluation, pay, or benefit of any immediate family
 member; 

selling
 anything to the Company or buying anything from the Company, except on the same terms and conditions as comparable officers or directors
 are permitted to so purchase or sell; 

any
 other financial transaction, arrangement, or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the
 Company; and 

any
 other circumstance, event, relationship, or situation in which the personal interest of a person subject to this Code interferes
 or even appears to interfere with the interests of the Company as a whole. 

Page 3 of 6 (Exhibit 14.1) 

Exhibit
14.1 

 (continue) 

3.
Disclosure 

The
Company strives to ensure that the contents of and the disclosures in the reports and documents that the Company files with the SEC and
other public communications shall be full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable in accordance with applicable disclosure standards,
including standards of materiality, where appropriate. Each person must: 

not
 knowingly misrepresent, or cause others to misrepresent, facts about the Company to others, whether within or outside the Company,
 including to the Company s independent auditors, governmental regulators, self-regulating organizations, and other governmental
 officials, as appropriate; and 

in
 relation to his or her area of responsibility, properly review and critically analyze proposed disclosure for accuracy and completeness. 

In
addition to the foregoing, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company and each subsidiary of the Company
(or persons performing similar functions), and each other person that typically is involved in the financial reporting of the Company
must familiarize himself or herself with the disclosure requirements applicable to the Company as well as the business and financial
operations of the Company. 

Each
person must promptly bring to the attention of the chairperson of the audit committee of the Board (the Audit Committee ),
or the chairperson of the Board if no Audit Committee exists, any information he or she may have concerning (a) significant deficiencies
in the design or operation of internal and/or disclosure controls which could adversely affect the Company s ability to record,
process, summarize, and report financial data or (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
who have a significant role in the Company s financial reporting, disclosures, or internal controls. 

4.
Compliance 

It
is the Company s obligation and policy to comply with the letter and spirit of all applicable governmental laws, rules, and regulations.
It is the personal responsibility of each person to, and each person must, adhere to the standards and restrictions imposed by those
laws, rules, and regulations, including those relating to accounting and auditing matters. 

5.
Reporting and Accountability 

The
Audit Committee is responsible for applying this Code to specific situations in which questions are presented to it and has the authority
to interpret this Code in any particular situation. Any person who becomes aware of any existing or potential breach of this Code is
required to notify the chairperson of the Board or Audit Committee promptly. Failure to do so is itself a breach of this Code. 

Specifically,
each person must: 

Notify
 the chairperson promptly of any existing or potential violation of this Code. 

Not
 retaliate against any other person for reports of potential violations that are made in good faith. 

The
Company will follow the following procedures in investigating and enforcing this Code and in reporting on this Code: 

The
 Audit Committee will promptly take all appropriate action to diligently and expeditiously investigate any breaches reported to it. 

If
 the Audit Committee determines by majority decision that a breach has occurred, it will inform the Board. 

Upon
 being notified that a breach has occurred, the Board by majority decision will take or authorize such disciplinary or preventive
 action as it deems appropriate, after consultation with the Audit Committee and/or the Company s counsel, up to and including
 dismissal or, in the event of criminal or other serious violations of law, notification of the SEC or other appropriate law enforcement
 authorities. 

No
person following the above procedure shall, as a result of following such procedure, be subject by the Company or any officer or employee
thereof to discharge, demotion, suspension, threat, harassment, or, in any manner, discrimination against such person in terms and conditions
of employment. 

Page 4 of 6 (Exhibit 14.1) 

Exhibit
14.1 

 (continue) 

6.
Waivers and Amendments 

Any
waiver (defined below) or implicit waiver (defined below) from a provision of this Code for the principal executive officer, principal
financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions and any amendment (as defined
below) to this Code is required to be disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K or in a Current Report on Form 8-K
filed with the SEC or, as and to the extent required or permitted by SEC regulations, on the Company s website. 

A
 waiver means the approval by the Board of a material departure from a provision of this Code. An implicit waiver 
means the Company s failure to take action within a reasonable period of time regarding a material departure from a provision of
this Code that has been made known to an executive officer of the Company. An amendment means any amendment to this Code
other than minor technical, administrative, or other non-substantive amendments hereto. 

All
persons should note that it is not the Company s intention to grant or to permit waivers from the requirements of this Code. The
Company expects full compliance with this Code. 

7.
Financial Statements and Other Records 

All
of the Company s books, records, accounts and financial statements must be maintained in reasonable detail, must appropriately
reflect the Company s transactions and must both conform to applicable legal requirements and to the Company s system of
internal controls. Unrecorded or off the books funds or assets of the Company should not be maintained unless permitted
by applicable law or regulation and shall be disclosed to the extent required by applicable law or regulation. Company records should
always be retained or destroyed according to the Company s record retention policies. In accordance with those policies, in the
event of litigation or governmental investigation, please consult the Board or the Company s internal or external legal counsel. 

8.
Improper Influence on Conduct of Audits 

No
director, officer, or employee, or any other person acting under the direction thereof, shall directly or indirectly take any action
to coerce, manipulate, mislead or fraudulently influence the public or certified public accountant engaged in the performance of an audit
or review of the financial statements of the Company or take any action that such person knows or should know that if successful could
result in rendering the Company s financial statements materially misleading. Any person who believes such improper influence is
being exerted should report such action to such person s supervisor, or if that is impractical under the circumstances, to any
of our directors. 

Types
of conduct that could constitute improper influence include, but are not limited to, directly or indirectly: 

offering
 or paying bribes or other financial incentives, including future employment or contracts for non-audit services; 

providing
 an auditor with an inaccurate or misleading legal analysis; 

threatening
 to cancel or canceling existing non-audit or audit engagements if the auditor objects to the Company s accounting; 

seeking
 to have a partner removed from the audit engagement because the partner objects to the Company s accounting; 

blackmailing;
 and 

making
 physical threats. 

Page 5 of 6 (Exhibit 14.1) 

Exhibit
14.1 

 (continue) 

9.
Anti-Corruption Laws 

The
Company complies with the anti-corruption laws of the countries in which it does business, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act. To the extent prohibited by applicable law, directors, officers, and employees will not directly or indirectly give anything of
value to government officials, including employees of state-owned enterprises or foreign political candidates. These requirements apply
both to Company employees and agents, such as third-party sales representatives, no matter where they are doing business. If you are
authorized to engage agents, you are responsible for ensuring they are reputable and for obtaining a written agreement to uphold the
Company s standards in this area. 

10.
Violations 

All
persons will be held accountable for adherence to this Code. Persons who violate the policies set forth in this Code will be subject
to discipline. Disciplinary measures will vary, depending on the seriousness of the violation and the individual circumstances involved.
Available disciplinary sanctions include suspension, termination, and referral to public law enforcement authorities for possible prosecution. 

11.
Other Policies and Procedures 

Any
other policy or procedure set out by the Company in writing or made generally known to employees, officers, or directors of the Company
prior to the date hereof or hereafter are separate requirements and remain in full force and effect. 

12.
Inquiries 

All
inquiries and questions in relation to this Code or its applicability to particular people or situations should be addressed to the Company s
Chief Financial Officer. 

Page 6 of 6 (Exhibit 14.1) 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-21.1>
 9
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

List
of Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

 (Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. DE - 82-5488042) 

Subsidiary
 Legal Entity Name 
 
 State
 of Incorporation 

LucidDx
 Labs Inc. (87-41661458) 
 
 Delaware 
 
 -
 Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Lucid Diagnostics Inc . 
 
 Incorporated
 November 21, 2021 

CapNostics
 LLC (84-4876240) 
 
 North
 Carolina 
 
 -
 Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Lucid Diagnostics Inc . 
 
 (Established
 January 20, 2020) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 10
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. on Form S-1 [File No. 333-265662],
Form S-8 [Files No. 333-269702, 333-269699, 333-263566, and 333-261807], and Form S-3 [Files No. 333-268560] of our report dated March
13, 2023, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. and Subsidiaries as of December 31,
2022 and 2021 and for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
Marcum LLP 

Marcum
LLP 

 New
York, NY 

 March
13, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 11
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
BY PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I,
Lishan Aklog, M.D., certify that: 

1 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. and Subsidiaries; 

2 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Lishan Aklog, M.D. 

Lishan
 Aklog, M.D., Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 12
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
BY PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I,
Dennis M. McGrath, certify that: 

1 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. and Subsidiaries; 

2 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Dennis M. McGrath 

Dennis
 M. McGrath 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 13
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company for the year ended
December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned,
Lishan Aklog, M.D., Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to his knowledge: 

(1) 
 the
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 March 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Lishan Aklog, M.D. 

Lishan
 Aklog, M.D. 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 14
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company for the year ended
December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned,
Dennis M. McGrath, President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to
his knowledge: 

(1) 
 the
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 March 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Dennis M. McGrath 

Dennis
 M. McGrath 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 lucd-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 lucd-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 lucd-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 lucd-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

