<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230221_10-K_edgar_data_1124198_0001628280-23-004139.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16472614</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>328989</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2574467</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5883114</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3949239</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3459591</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-004139.hdr.sgml : 20230221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230221071206
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-004139
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		125
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FLUOR CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001124198
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HEAVY CONSTRUCTION OTHER THAN BUILDING CONST - CONTRACTORS [1600]
		IRS NUMBER:				330927079
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16129
		FILM NUMBER:		23645244

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6700 LAS COLINAS BLVD
		CITY:			IRVING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75039
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4693987000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6700 LAS COLINAS BLVD
		CITY:			IRVING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75039

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-004139.txt : 20230221

10-K
 1
 flr-20221231.htm
 10-K

flr-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

 FLUOR CORPORATION INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 - 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting fi rm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicat e by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately billion based on the closing sale price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 As of January 31, 2023, shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.01 par value per share, were outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 INDEX TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Page Glossary of Terms 
 1 
 Forward-Looking Information 
 2 
 PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 30 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 30 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 31 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 31 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 32 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 43 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 44 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 44 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 44 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 46 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 46 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 47 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 47 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 47 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 48 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 48 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 49 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 51 
 Signatures 
 52 

i 

Table of Contents 

 Glossary of Terms 
 The definitions and abbreviations set forth below apply to the indicated terms used throughout this filing. Abbreviation/Term Definition 2022 10-K Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 ABO Accumulated benefit obligation AMECO American Equipment Company, Inc. AOCI Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) APIC Additional paid-in capital ASC Accounting Standards Codification ASU Accounting Standards Update CFIUS Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFM Customer-Furnished Materials Cont Ops Continuing operations COOEC China's Offshore Oil Engineering Co., Ltd COVID Coronavirus pandemic CPS Convertible preferred stock CTA Currency translation adjustment DB plan Defined benefit pension plan DC plan Defined contribution pension plan Disc Ops Discontinued operations DOE U.S. Department of Energy DOJ U.S. Department of Justice EPC Engineering, procurement and construction EPS Earnings per share ESG Environmental, social and governance Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934 FEMA U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency Fluor Fluor Corporation FTC Foreign tax credit G A General and administrative expense GAAP Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GILTI Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income ICFR Internal control over financial reporting IT Information technology LNG Liquefied natural gas LOGCAP Logistics Civil Augmentation Program NCI Noncontrolling interests NM Not meaningful NNSA National Nuclear Security Administration NOL Net operating loss NRC U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission NuScale NuScale Power Corporation OCI Other comprehensive income (loss) PBO Projected benefit obligation PIPE Private investment in public equity PP E Property, plant and equipment 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 RSU Restricted stock units RUPO Remaining unsatisfied performance obligations SEC Securities and Exchange Commission SGI Stock growth incentive awards SMR Small modular reactor SPAC Special purpose acquisition company Spring Valley Spring Valley Acquisition Corporation Stork Stork Holding B.V. and subsidiaries; Acquired by Fluor in 2016 VIE Variable interest entity 
 
 Forward-Looking Information 
 From time to time, we make certain comments and disclosures in reports and statements, including this 2022 10-K, or statements are made by its officers or directors, that, while based on reasonable assumptions, may be forward-looking in nature. Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, a "safe harbor" may be provided to us for certain of these forward-looking statements. We caution readers that forward-looking statements, including disclosures which use words such as "will, "may," "could," "should" "believes," "anticipates," "plans," "expects," "intends," "estimates," "projects," "potential," "continue" and similar statements are subject to various future risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results of operations to differ materially from expectations. 
 Any forward-looking statements that we may make are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those anticipated by us. Any forward-looking statements are subject to the risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results of operations, financial condition, cost reductions, acquisitions, dispositions, financing transactions, operations and other events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. 
 We are subject to known risks and to potentially unknown risks. While most risks affect only future cost or revenue anticipated by us, some risks may relate to accruals that have already been reflected in earnings. Our failure to receive payments of expected amounts or the incurrence of liabilities in excess of amounts recorded, could result in charges against future earnings. As a result, we caution readers to recognize and consider the inherently uncertain nature of forward-looking statements and not to place undue reliance on them. 
 These factors include those referenced or described in this 2022 10-K (including in "Item 1A. Risk Factors"). We cannot control all risks and uncertainties, and in many cases, we cannot predict the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements. You should consider these risks and uncertainties when you are evaluating us and deciding whether to invest in our securities. Except as otherwise required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 Defined Terms 
 Except as the context otherwise requires, the terms "Fluor" or the "Registrant" as used herein are references to Fluor Corporation and its predecessors and references to the "company," "we," "us," or "our" as used herein shall include Fluor Corporation, its consolidated subsidiaries and joint ventures. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Fluor is building a better world by applying world-class expertise in order to solve our clients' greatest challenges. We provide professional and technical solutions that deliver safe, well-executed, capital-efficient projects to clients around the globe. Fluor Corporation was incorporated in Delaware in September 2000. However, through our predecessors, we have been in business for more than 110 years, providing services that are the essential building blocks of development and progress. 
 Acting through our many subsidiaries and interests in joint ventures, we are one of the larger global professional services firms providing EPC, fabrication and modularization, and project management services. We provide th ese services to our clients in a diverse set of industries worldwide including advanced technologies and manufacturing, chemicals, infrastructure, life sciences, LNG, mining and metals, nuclear project services, and oil and gas production and fuels. We are also a service provider to the U.S. federal government and governments abroad. 
 We operate our business through four segments: Energy Solutions, Urban Solutions, Mission Solutions and Other. 
 Strategic Priorities 
 Since January 2021, we have been guided by four strategic priorities for driving value creation for our shareholders: 
 Drive growth across our portfolio , by growing markets outside of the traditional oil and gas sector, including energy transition, advanced technology and life sciences, high-demand metals, infrastructure and nuclear and civil, defense and intelligence for governments; 
 Pursue contracts with fair and balanced commercial terms , focusing on more favorable, risk-adjusted agreements that reward Fluor for value; 
 Reinforce financial discipline , maintaining a solid balance sheet by generating predictable cash flow and earnings; and 
 Foster a high-performance culture with purpose , by advancing our diversity, equity and inclusion efforts and promoting social progress and sustainability. Importantly, this also means excellence in execution, which brings value to all our stakeholders. 
 In 2022, we continued to make progress on our strategic priorities. 67 of our new awards in 2022 were from outside of our traditional oil and gas markets. As of December 31, 2022, 63 of our backlog is reimbursable. In February 2022, we renewed and expanded our credit facility, and since 2021 we have redeemed 550 million of our outstanding 2023 and 2024 Notes in open market transactions. For further information on these transactions, please see the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In addition, in the second quarter of 2022, NuScale, in which we are the majority investor, became a public company (NYSE ticker:SMR) through a reverse recapitalization with a public shell company. We remain a majority owner of NuScale and are considering the appropriate time and approach to monetize our investment. 
 Our Core Values 
 Our Core Values serve as our behavioral compass, guiding all of our actions. They are not only what we believe, they are the foundation of how we achieve our purpose to build a better world. 
 SAFETY INTEGRITY TEAMWORK EXCELLENCE We care for each other We do what is right We work better together We deliver solutions Living Safer Together SM promotes the well-being of all people, our communities and the environment. 
 Trust, accountability and fairness define our character. Collectively we thrive when we include, respect and empower one another. Our high-performance teams embrace opportunities, solve challenges and continuously improve. 
 Competitive Strengths 
 As a world-class provider of technical and professional services, we believe that we bring capital efficient business solutions to our clients. We believe that our business advantages and global positioning provide us with significant competitive strengths, including: 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Safety. Maintaining a safe and secure workplace is a key business driver for us and our clients. In our experience, whether in an office or at a jobsite, a safe environment decreases risks, provides for the well-being of all workers, enhances morale, improves productivity, reduces project cost and generally improves client relations. We believe that our commitment to safety is one of our most distinguishing features. 
 Global Execution Platform. As one of the larger publicly traded EPC companies, we have a global footprint with employees located throughout the world. Our global presence enables us to build local relationships to capitalize on opportunities as well as mobilize quickly to project sites around the world and to draw on our local knowledge and talent pools. We continue to form strategic alliances with local partners, leverage our supply chain expertise and emphasize local training programs. We also provide services from our distributed execution centers on a cost-efficient basis. 
 Excellence in Execution. We believe that our ability to execute, maintain and manage complex projects, large or small and often in geographically challenging locations, gives us a distinct competitive advantage. We strive to complete our projects meeting or exceeding all client specifications. We have continued to shift to ward data-driven execution, which we expect will enhance our ability to meet our clients' needs. 
 Market Diversity. We serve multiple markets across a broad spectrum of industries around the globe. Our market diversity helps to mitigate the impact of the cyclicality in the markets we serve and allows us to strive for more consistent growth. We believe that maintaining a good mixture within our entire business portfolio permits us to both focus on our more stable business markets and to capitalize on cyclical markets when the timing is appropriate. 
 Client Relationships. We actively pursue relationships with new clients while also building on our long-term relationships with existing clients. We believe that long-term relationships with existing clients serve us well by allowing us to better understand and be more responsive to their requirements. Regardless of whether our clients are new or have been with us for many decades, our ability to successfully foster relationships is a key strength. 
 Risk Management. We believe we have the ability to assess, mitigate and manage project risk, especially in difficult locations or circumstances. We have an experienced management team, and utilize a systematic and disciplined approach towards identifying, assessing and managing risks. We believe that our risk management approach helps us control costs and meet clients' schedules. 
 Sustainability. Our sustainability charter is to conduct business in a socially, economically and environmentally responsible manner. Sustainability is integrated into our business practices, and our employees are engaged in delivery on our charter. Our strong, socially responsible corporate identity enables us to build and sustain the global community and provide value for our stakeholders. 
 General Operations 
 Our services fall into six broad categories (outlined below). Our services can range from basic consulting activities, often at the early stages of a project, to complete design-build, operations and maintenance contracts. 
 In engineering and design , we develop solutions to address our clients most complex problems. Our engineering services range from traditional engineering disciplines such as piping, mechanical, electrical, control systems, civil, structural and architectural to advanced engineering specialties including process engineering, chemical engineering, simulation, integrated automation processes and interactive 3-D modeling. Through our design solutions, we can provide clients with varied offerings which can include front-end engineering, conceptual design, estimating, feasibility studies, permitting, process simulation, technology and licensing evaluation, scope definition and siting. 
 Project management involves managing all aspects of the effort to deliver projects on schedule and within budget, and is critical on every project. We are often hired as the overall program manager on large complex projects where various contractors and subcontractors are involved and multiple activities need to be integrated to ensure the success of the overall project. Our services include logistics, development of project execution plans, detailed schedules, cost forecasts, progress tracking and reporting, and the integration of EPC efforts. Project management is accountable to the client to deliver the safety, functionality and financial performance requirements of the project. 
 Our procurement offerings include procurement and supply chain solutions aimed at improving product quality and performance while also reducing project cost and schedule. Our clients draw upon our global sourcing and supply expertise, global purchasing power, technical knowledge, processes, systems and experienced global resources. Our procurement activities include strategic sourcing, material management, contracts management, buying, expediting, supplier quality inspection and logistics. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 We offer operations and maintenance services intended to improve the performance and extend the life of our clients facilities. This may include the delivery of services to include facility management, technical facility operations, plant readiness, commissioning, start-up and maintenance technology, small capital projects, turnaround and outage services and recapitalization of facilities and infrastructure. Among other things, we can provide key management, staffing and management skills to clients on-site at their facilities. These activities also include routine and outage/turnaround maintenance services, general maintenance and asset management, emissions reduction technologies and services, and restorative, repair, predictive and prevention services. 
 In construction , we mobilize, execute and commission projects on a self-perform and subcontracted basis. Generally, we are responsible for the completion of a project, often in difficult locations and under challenging circumstances. We are frequently designated as program manager, and serve as such in cases where the client has facilities in multiple locations, complex phases in a single project location, or a large-scale investment in one facility. 
 We also provide a variety of fabrication and modularization services, including integrated engineering and modular fabrication and assembly, as well as modular construction and asset support services to clients around the globe from our joint venture yards. By leveraging internal and third-party yards in key regions of the world, we help our clients achieve cost and schedule savings by reducing on-site craft needs and shifting work to inherently safer and more controlled work environments. 
 Business Segments 
 Energy Solutions 
 We are a partner in the production of safer, cleaner and sustainable solutions to meet the world's increasing energy and chemicals demand. Our Energy Solutions segment provides EPC services for the production and fuels, chemicals, LNG and nuclear project services markets. We focus on the energy transition markets, including asset decarbonization, carbon capture, renewable fuels, waste-to-energy, green chemicals, hydrogen, nuclear power and other low-carbon energy sources. At the same time, we continue to serve the oil, gas and chemical industries with full project life-cycle services, including expansion and modernization projects as well as in sustaining capital work. 
 While we perform work on projects that range greatly in size and scope, we believe that one of our distinguishing features is our global strength and experience to perform very large projects in difficult locations. As energy and chemicals projects have become more challenging geographically, geopolitically or otherwise, we believe that clients will continue to look to us to manage their complex projects based on our size, strength, global reach, experience, technical expertise and proven track record. 
 Our role can vary with each specific project. We may be involved in providing front-end engineering, program management and final design services, construction management services, self-perform construction, or oversight of other contractors, and we may also assume responsibility for the procurement of materials, equipment and subcontractors. We have the capacity to design, fabricate and construct new facilities, upgrade, modernize and expand existing facilities, and rebuild facilities following fires and explosions. We also provide consulting services ranging from feasibility studies to process assessments to project finance structuring. 
 In production and fuels, we execute projects for the oil and gas production, processing and refining industries, including an increasing component of energy transition. In the upstream sector, our typical projects involve the production, processing and transporting of oil and gas, including the development of infrastructure associated with major new fields and pipelines. We are also involved in offshore production facilities and in gas processing projects. In the downstream sector, our clients have been modernizing and modifying existing refineries to increase capacity, improve margins and enhance environmental performance. We are active in the repurposing of existing refining facilities for the production of renewable fuels. We are also focused on other transition markets, such as carbon capture and sequestration, blue and green hydrogen, ammonia and other low carbon solutions, as an increasing number of clients and countries implement stronger sustainable energy goals. 
 We have been very active for several decades in the chemicals and petrochemicals market, with major projects in the ethylene-based markets as well as in a variety of specialty chemicals. We are also active in battery chemicals projects and we are engaging with clients on implementing lower carbon solutions on their existing and new facilities. 
 We have participated in a wide variety of LNG developments, including liquefaction, floating LNG facilities, mid-scale LNG solutions and regasification terminals. Our work in LNG has included feasibility studies, technology evaluations, process equipment optimization and selection, basic design, front-end engineering and design, detailed EPC and start-up assistance. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 In the nuclear project services market, we provide a full range of services for projects utilizing small modular reactor technologies, as well as conventional and advanced reactor technologies. Through our relationship with NuScale, we can offer a complete project solution for carbon free power by utilizing NuScale's proprietary SMR technology, a market that is gaining momentum with the push to more carbon free energy sources. 
 Urban Solutions 
 We believe that urbanization will drive demand for innovative and sustainable solutions in advanced technologies and manufacturing, life sciences, mining and metals, infrastructure and professional staffing project teams. Urban Solutions includes businesses to service clients addressing these evolving and growing markets. 
 For the advanced technologies and manufacturing market, we provide program management and EPC services to a wide variety of companies on a global basis. Our experience spans a wide variety of market segments, including advanced materials, data centers, fast-moving consumer goods, food and beverage, semiconductors, smart batteries and specialty products. We specialize in designing projects that incorporate lean manufacturing concepts while also satisfying client sustainability goals. 
 In life sciences, we provide front end studies and EPC services to the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical devices and animal health industries. We also specialize in providing validation and commissioning services where we not only bring new facilities into production, but we also extend the life, or improve efficiencies, of existing facilities. We believe the ability to complete projects on a large-scale basis, especially in a business where time to market is critical, enables us to better serve our clients and is a key competitive advantage. 
 In mining and metals, we provide a full range of services to our clients who produce a variety of commodities, including copper, iron ore, bauxite, alumina, aluminum, steel, diamond, gold, phosphates and rare earth minerals. We support our clients as they meet the growing demand for copper and battery metals, including lithium, platinum and nickel. We also serve the fertilizer industry and provide services in the downstream metals market. Our services include conceptual and feasibility studies through detailed EPC, commissioning and startup support. Many of our opportunities are being developed in remote and logistically challenging environments, such as the Andes Mountains, Western Australia and Africa. We believe we are one of the few companies with the size, regional presence and experience to execute large scale mining and metals projects, regardless of location. 
 In infrastructure, we support the development of infrastructure projects with a focus on state departments of transportation. We provide a broad range of services including consulting, design, planning, financial structuring, engineering and construction and operation and maintenance services. Continuing urbanization and the replacement and expansion of aging infrastructure in North America continues to drive project opportunities. 
 The segment's staffing services are provided through TRS Staffing Solutions . TRS is a global enterprise of staffing specialists that provides us and third-party clients with technical, professional and craft resources either on a contract or permanent placement basis. 
 Mission Solutions 
 Mission Solutions is a provider of high-end technical solutions to the U.S. and other governments. The segment's nuclear and civil business holds a tier 1 position with differentiated expertise in managing complex national security missions across the Department of Energy and the National Nuclear Security Administration. We deliver solutions for nuclear security and operations, nuclear waste management and laboratory management. Additionally, we are an industry leader in nuclear remediation at governmental facilities providing site management, environmental remediation, and decommissioning of facilities and have been successful in addressing environmental and regulatory challenges associated with legacy and operational nuclear sites. We also provide services to commercial nuclear clients. In civil services, we are a partner to FEMA for disaster recovery and are one of their top contractors. 
 In defense, we deliver operations and maintenance, global logistics, EPC, life support and operations of mission critical facilities across U.S. military service organizations. We can rapidly mobilize people and equipment to deliver solutions across the globe and in the harshest environments. We believe we can deliver the solutions to our military clients no matter how remote the location or how quickly services are required. We believe we have the people, tools and skills to provide services that are unmatched among our peers. 
 For our intelligence clients, we have more than 600 security-cleared personnel providing critical infrastructure solutions such as data center management, operations and maintenance of secure facilities and technology platform services. We construct and renovate secure facilities around the world for a number of government departments and agencies in support of their enduring missions. We believe we are trusted by our clients to ensure their mission success. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Other 
 Our Other segment includes the operations of NuScale, in which we are the majority investor. NuScale has developed an NRC standard design approved SMR technology, which we believe will be a leader in the development of light water, passively safe SMRs, providing us with significant future project opportunities. 
 In the first quarter of 2022, we determined that our Stork business and the remaining unsold AMECO equipment business no longer met all of the requirements to be classified as Disc Ops, primarily because of uncertainties related to the timing of these sales. Therefore, both Stork and the remaining AMECO operations are reported as Cont Ops for all periods presented and included in the Other segment. Stork provides asset maintenance and asset integrity services to the oil and gas, chemicals, life sciences, power, mining and metals, consumer products and manufacturing industries. Our equipment business provides integrated construction equipment, tool, scaffolding and fleet service solutions to us and third-party clients in a focused number of locations around the world for construction projects and client production assets. 
 We made the decision to retain Stork's North American operations, which largely consists of our operations and maintenance business owned prior to the acquisition of Stork. This business line, renamed Plant Facility Services, will be included in our Urban Solutions segment beginning in the first quarter of 2023, and on a comparable basis for earlier periods. 
 Other Matters 
 Backlog 
 Backlog represents the total amount of revenue we expect to record in the future based upon contracts that have been awarded to us. Backlog is stated in terms of gross revenues and may include significant estimated amounts of third-party, subcontracted and pass-through costs. 
 Backlog in the engineering and construction industry is a measure of the value of work to be performed on contracts already awarded and those in progress. December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (in millions) Energy Solutions 9,134 9,324 Urban Solutions 9,900 7,048 Mission Solutions 5,666 2,562 Other 1,349 1,866 Total Backlog (1)(2) 
 26,049 20,800 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (1) The temporary staffing business in the Urban Solutions segment does not report backlog or new awards based on the nature of its business. For projects related to proportionately consolidated joint ventures, we include only our percentage ownership of each joint venture's backlog. 
 (2) Includes backlog of 1.8 billion and 1.1 billion for legacy projects in a loss position as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 (in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 North America 16,807 12,949 Asia Pacific (including Australia) 3,688 1,125 Europe 2,561 2,822 Central and South America 2,670 3,378 Middle East and Africa 323 526 Total Backlog 26,049 20,800 
 
 Although backlog reflects business that we consider to be firm, cancellations, deferrals or scope adjustments may occur. Backlog is adjusted to reflect any known project cancellations, revisions to project scope and cost, foreign currency exchange fluctuations and project deferrals, as appropriate. The terms and conditions of some contracts include elements of both lump-sum and reimbursable contracts. Also, certain contracts may be converted from reimbursable to lump-sum. Due to additional 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 factors outside of our control, such as changes in project schedules, we cannot predict the exact timing that our December 31, 2022 backlog will be earned as revenue. Accordingly, backlog is not necessarily indicative of future earnings or revenues and no assurances can be provided that we will ultimately realize revenue on our backlog. 
 The following table sets forth our changes in consolidated backlog: 2022 2021 (in millions) Backlog at beginning of year 20,800 25,569 New awards 19,815 9,970 Adjustments and cancellations, net (1) 
 (1,019) (809) Work performed (13,547) (13,930) Backlog at end of year 26,049 20,800 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) During 2021, we removed 2 billion from backlog due to the cancellation of a steel project and a chemicals project. 
 In 2023, we expect to perform approximately 55 of our total backlog reported as of December 31, 2022, which is in line with the last three years. 
 Types of Contracts 
 While the basic terms and conditions of the contracts that we perform may vary considerably, we typically perform our work under two types of contracts: (a) reimbursable contracts and (b) lump-sum or guaranteed maximum contracts. In some markets, we are seeing hybrid contracts containing both lump-sum and reimbursable elements. As of December 31, 2022, the following table summarizes contract type within our ending backlog: 
 December 31, December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Reimbursable 16,500 63 8,497 41 Lump-Sum and Guaranteed Maximum 9,549 37 12,303 59 
 In accordance with industry practice, most of our contracts are subject to termination at the discretion of our client. In such situations, our contracts typically provide for the payment of fees earned through the date of termination and the reimbursement of costs incurred including demobilization costs. 
 Under reimbursable contracts, the client reimburses us based upon negotiated rates and pays us a pre-determined fee, or a fee based upon a percentage of the cost incurred in completing the project. Our profit may be in the form of a fee, a simple markup applied to labor cost incurred in performing the contract, or a combination of the two. The fee element may also vary. The fee may be an incentive fee based upon achieving certain performance factors, milestones or targets; it may be a fixed amount in the contract; or it may be based upon a percentage of the cost incurred. In some cases, reimbursable contracts may be converted into lump-sum contracts. 
 Our Mission Solutions segment, primarily acting as a prime contractor or a major subcontractor for a number of government programs, generally performs its services under reimbursable contracts subject to applicable statutes and regulations. In many cases, these contracts include incentive fee arrangements. The programs may span many years and may be implemented by awards under multiple contracts. Some of our government contracts are known as indefinite delivery indefinite quantity IDIQ agreements. Under these arrangements, we work closely with the government to define the scope and amount of work required based upon an estimate of the maximum amount that the government desires to spend. While the scope is often not initially fully defined or does not require any specific amount of work, once the project scope is determined, additional work may be awarded to us without the need for further competitive bidding. 
 Under lump-sum contracts, we may bid based upon preliminary engineering drawings and specifications provided by the client. This type of contracting presents risk because, among other things, it requires us to predetermine the work to be performed, the project execution schedule and all costs associated with the work based on incomplete information, all of which requires us to make pricing assumptions based on judgment informed by prior experience on other projects. As noted below, this risk may be higher when we provide a lump-sum bid in competition with other contractors because we may not be selected for the work if our bid is higher than the competition. Another type of lump-sum contract is a negotiated fixed-price contract, under which we are selected as contractor first and then negotiate a lump-sum price with the client. This may reduce the risk associated with bidding in competition. Furthermore, negotiated fixed-price contracts may occur under a 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 compensation model in which we perform some of the early work on a project, including to advance the engineering, on a reimbursable basis before agreeing upon and converting to a lump-sum price for the remainder of the project. Depending upon when in the lifecycle of a project we convert from reimbursable to lump-sum pricing, the risk may be lower because we may have had greater insight into the details of the project scope, engineering and schedule thereby reducing the number and character of the pricing assumptions in the agreed-upon lump-sum price. Another type of lump-sum contract is a unit price contract under which we are paid a set amount for every unit of work performed. If we perform well under any type of lump-sum contract, we can benefit from cost savings gained from the effects of our efficiencies. However, if the project does not proceed as originally planned, we may not be able to recover cost overruns, which may cause us to lose money. 
 Guaranteed maximum price contracts are reimbursable contracts except that the total fee plus the total cost cannot exceed an agreed upon guaranteed maximum price. We can be responsible for some or all of the total cost of the project if the cost exceeds the guaranteed maximum price. Where the total cost is less than the negotiated guaranteed maximum price, we may receive the benefit of the cost savings based upon a negotiated agreement with the client. 
 Some of our contracts, regardless of type, may operate under joint ventures or other teaming arrangements. Typically, we enter into these arrangements with companies with whom we have worked previously. These arrangements are generally made to strengthen our market position or technical skills, or where the size, scale or location of the project directs the use of such arrangements. 
 Competition 
 The markets served by our business are highly competitive and, for the most part, require substantial resources and highly skilled and experienced technical personnel. A large number of companies compete against us, including U.S.-based companies such as AECOM, Amentum Services, Inc., Bechtel Group, Inc., EMCOR Group, Inc., Jacobs Solutions, Inc., KBR, Inc., Kiewit Corporation, Granite Construction, Inc. and Quanta Services, Inc., and international-based companies such as ACS Actividades de Construccion y Servicios, Balfour Beatty plc, Chiyoda Corporation, Hyundai Engineering Construction Company, Ltd., JGC Corporation, McDermott International, Inc., Petrofac Limited, SNC-Lavalin Group, Inc., Samsung Engineering, Stantec Inc., Technip Energies N.V., Wood Group plc, and WorleyParsons Limited. 
 Competition for our Energy Solutions and Urban Solutions segments is based on an ability to provide the design, engineering, planning, management and project execution skills required to complete complex projects in a safe, timely and cost-efficient manner. We believe our engineering, procurement, fabrication and construction business derives its competitive strength from our market diversity, excellence in execution, reputation for quality, technology, cost-effectiveness, worldwide procurement capability, project management expertise, geographic coverage, ability to meet client requirements by performing construction on either a union or an open shop basis, ability to execute complex projects of varying sizes, strong safety record and lengthy experience with a wide range of services and technologies. 
 In Urban Solutions, temporary staffing is a highly fragmented market with over 1,000 companies competing globally. The key competitive factors in this business line are price, service, quality, client relationships, breadth of service and the ability to identify and retain qualified personnel and geographic coverage. 
 In our Mission Solutions segment, key competitive factors are primarily centered on performance, qualified personnel and the ability to provide the design, engineering, planning, management and project execution skills required to complete complex projects in a safe, timely, cost-efficient and compliant manner. 
 Raw Materials 
 The principal products we use in our business include structural steel, metal plate, concrete, cable and various electrical and mechanical components. These products and components are subject to raw material (aluminum, copper, nickel, iron ore, etc.) availability and pricing fluctuations, which we monitor on a regular bas is. We have access to numerous global supply sources; however, the availability and cost of these products, components and raw materials may vary significantly from year to year due to various factors including the logistics market, client demand, prod ucer capacity, inflation, market conditions and specific material shortages. 
 Compliance with Government Regulations 
 We provide services at sites throughout the world. Work at some of these sites involves activities related to nuclear facilities, hazardous waste, hydrocarbon production, distribution and transport, the military and infrastructure. Some of our work can be performed adjacent to environmentally sensitive locations such as wetlands, lakes and rivers. We also contract with governments to remediate hazardous materials, including chemical agents, as well as to decontaminate and decommission nuclear sites. These activities can require us to manage, handle, remove, treat, transport and dispose of toxic, radioactive or hazardous substances, and are subject to many environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 We believe that we are compliant with all environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. We further believe that any accruals with respect to future environmental costs are adequate and that any future costs will not have a material effect on our financial position or results of operations. Some factors, however, could result in additional expenditures or the provision of additional accruals in expectation of such expenditures. These include the imposition of more stringent requirements under environmental laws or regulations, new developments or changes regarding site cleanup costs or the allocation of such costs among potentially responsible parties, or a determination that we are potentially responsible for the release of hazardous substances at sites other than those currently identified. 
 Sustainability 
 Our sustainability mission envisions meeting the needs of our clients while conducting business in an environmentally and socially responsible manner. We consistently apply prudent governance principles to the benefit of current and future generations, thereby creating value for all stakeholders. Every day, we help clients safeguard the environment, conserve energy, protect lives, and strengthen the economies and social structures of communities in which our employees work and live. 
 As a key component for our sustainability program, we have committed to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions. Early in 2021, we committed to achieving net zero emissions for Scopes 1 and 2 absolute greenhouse gas emissions by the end of 2023, and we believe we are on track to meet that objective. 
 We have a Sustainability Committee to oversee our sustainability policies, strategies and programs. The Sustainability Committee includes representatives from each of our business segments, as well as a cross-functional team of subject matter experts from communications, health, safety and environmental, human resources, supply chain, investor relations and legal, who serve as advisors to the Sustainability Committee. In furtherance of our Board of Directors' commitment to sustainability, our Board of Directors and Governance Committee review and receive reports from management on our sustainability efforts. 
 Human Capital 
 We have built a high-performance culture with purpose and foster a diverse and inclusive workplace as a business imperative because people are our greatest asset. A high performance culture, where everyone is treated fairly and respectfully and has equal access to opportunities based on capabilities and performance, regardless of background, raises both the individual and collective performance of our company. Our culture drives employee engagement, productivity and a sustainable competitive advantage. 
 The following summarizes our human capital information as of December 31, 2022: 
 Number of Employees Salaried Employees 19,573 Craft and Hourly Employees 17,239 TRS Agency 2,764 Total 39,576 
 The number of craft and hourly employees can vary in relation to the number, size and phase of execution of our projects. 
 We have employees in the following regions: 
 Region of Global Workforce North America 36 Europe, Africa and Middle East 21 Central and South America 30 Asia Pacific (includes Australia) 13 
 Health and Safety 
 Safety is one of our core values. We are committed to taking care of our employees and preventing injuries in our offices and project locations. Our robust programs and procedures help us mitigate the hazards inherent in the work we do. We are committed to fostering a caring, preventive culture founded on proactive action by engaged employees. We call this 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Safer Together SM . Our 2022 safety performance, calculated in accordance with OSHA record keeping requirements, resulted in a total case incident rate of 0.31 when excluding COVID cases (or 0.34 including COVID cases), which outperformed our goal of less than 0.38 (on the same basis) and well below comparable industry benchmarks. We also provide resources to improve employee wellbeing including various mental health awareness campaigns, our global Employee Assistance Program, site-specific wellbeing programs, and suicide prevention and mental health first aid training. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 We are committed to advancing Diversity, Equity and Inclusion ("DE I"). We believe that every voice matters, and we value DE I at every level of our organization. We encourage diversity of cultures and perspectives as we build inclusive, high-performance teams. We listen actively, respect one another and foster an environment of inclusivity and a sense of belonging. We engage and partner with stakeholders who represent and support gender, generation, sexual orientation, mental and physical ability, race and ethnic diversity. We encourage knowledge sharing among our employees and stakeholders. 
 We are focused on delivering four key impact pillars to advance DE I: 
 Champion an inclusive culture; 
 Recruit, develop and retain talent; 
 Enhance employee experience; and 
 Improve social progress and impact. 
 We work with a variety of outreach, community and education organizations, including a range of universities. Fluor s Global University Sponsorship Program includes 24 partner institutions on six continents and we continue to grow our relationships across a range of diverse colleges and technical schools with the majority of funding focused on underserved minorities, women and veterans. 
 We are committed to strengthening our talent pipeline by expanding our diversity lens in our recruitment and selection processes. We post our job openings internally and externally to reach a broad, diverse pool of candidates from all backgrounds. Our balanced slate candidate selection practice supports the inclusive selection of candidates based on capability, skills and qualifications for positions across our offices and business lines. 
 We have established five regional inclusion councils, with 11 chapters, to drive region-specific diversity and inclusion actions. In addition, we have five employee resource groups ("ERGs"): Black Employee Alliance, Emerging Leaders Group, Graduates Advancing to Professionalism, Growing Representation Opportunity for Women and PRIDE for LGBTQ+ communities and allies. Active ERGs are a critical component of strengthening our culture of inclusion by providing representation on regional inclusion councils, encouraging employee engagement, attracting and retaining talent, hosting intersectional events and offering allyship opportunities and a sense of community for all employees. 
 Development Opportunities 
 One of our top priorities is to provide ongoing training and development for our employees through multiple avenues. In 2022, we extended our catalog of leadership development offerings and methods of delivery. This included delivery of critical learning opportunities to our executives, project execution and functional employees based in offices, remote locations and project field assignments. Additionally, employees can access Fluor University, our online platform, where they can select from a wide variety of self-paced, online, virtual and instructor-led training courses. Topics range from our internally developed Fluor University courses focused on discipline-specific training, to commercially available technical learning and general knowledge topics, such as leadership, business acumen, communication and inclusive management. In 2022, our employees received nearly 73,000 hours of training through Fluor University. For group-focused development and networking, our global mentoring circles provide an avenue for small groups to generate dialogue about meaningful and relevant topics related to the company, work environment and career development. 
 Community Responsibility 
 A high-performance culture with purpose offers employees robust and enriching opportunities to help build a better world. For more than 40 years, our employee giving and volunteering program, Fluor Cares, has empowered e mployees to give back to the communities where we live and work. In 2022, Fluor and our Fluor Foundation contributed 5 million to community initiatives and programs with the majority of funding allocated to programs that support underserved minorities and women. Additionally, we expanded our Fluor Cares platform to further empower our employees to invest in organizations and causes that best resonate with them. This employee giving and volunteering program now includes 22 countries on six continents and resulted in donations of 4 million. In 2022, thousands of our employees donated 22,500 volunteer hours, nearly double 2021, to improve the communities where we live and operate. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 We remain true to our legacy of giving back even as a variety of natural disasters and regional unrest affected lives and communities in far-reaching and profound ways. In 2022, Fluor and our employees donated funds and supplies to provide critical relief to those affected by the conflict in Eastern Europe. Donations included emergency food, clothing, medicine and housing. We also donated 125,000 to the World Food Program to provide Ukrainian refugees with meals and basic necessities. In addition, through our charitable partners, we delivered nearly 2 million hours of STEM (science, technology, engineering and math) instruction to 200,000 students and teachers to equip students with the skills to participate in tomorrow's workforce. We provided 850,000 meals to the hungry. We planted 24,000 trees, including reconstituting a mangrove forest on the Philippines coast, and delivered environmental education to over 19,000 students to help create sustainable communities. 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 The following information is being furnished with respect to our executive officers as of January 31, 2023: 
 Name Age Position with the Company(1) Joseph L. Brennan 55 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer James R. Breuer 54 Group President, Energy Solutions Alvin C. Collins III 49 Group President, Corporate Development and Sustainability David E. Constable 61 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Thomas P. D'Agostino 64 Group President, Mission Solutions Stacy L. Dillow 49 Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer Mark E. Fields 64 Group President, Project Execution John C. Regan 53 Executive Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer John R. Reynolds 66 Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary Terry W. Towle 62 Group President, Urban Solutions 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) All references are to positions held with Fluor Corporation. All officers serve in their respective capacities at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. 
 Joseph L. Brennan 
 Mr. Brennan has been Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since July 2020. Prior to that, he was Senior Vice President and Operations Controller in 2020, Senior Vice President and Segment Controller Energy Chemicals from 2018 to 2020 and Vice President and Segment Controller Energy Chemicals from 2016 to 2018 and as the general manager of our Southern California operations from 2013 to 2016. Mr. Brennan joined the company in 1991. 
 James R. Breuer 
 Mr. Breuer has been Group President, Energy Solutions since January 2021. Prior to that, he was President, Downstream Energy Chemicals from 2019 to 2021, Vice President and General Manager, South America Mining Metals from 2017 to 2019 and Director of Operations, ICA Fluor from 2013 to 2017. Mr. Breuer joined the company in 1993. 
 Alvin C. Collins III 
 Mr. Collins has been Group President, Corporate Development and Sustainability since January 2021. Prior to that, he was Senior Vice President, Operations Energy Chemicals from 2019 to 2021, Senior Vice President, Global Business Development Energy Chemicals in 2019, Senior Vice President, Operations in Europe, Africa and the Middle East Energy Chemicals from 2016 to 2019. Mr. Collins joined the company in 1994. 
 David E. Constable 
 Mr. Constable has been Chief Executive Officer since January 2021, after serving as a member of Fluor's Board of Directors since 2019. He previously served as Chief Executive Officer (from 2011) and Chief Executive Officer and President (from 2014) of Sasol Ltd., an integrated energy and chemical company, until 2016. Prior to that, he was Group President, Project Operations at the company from 2009 to 2011 and Group President, Power from 2005 to 2009. Mr. Constable first joined the company in 1982. Mr. Constable was appointed Chairman of the Board in May 2022. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Thomas P. D'Agostino 
 Mr. D'Agostino has been Group President, Mission Solutions since January 2021. Prior to that, he was Group President, Government from 2017 to 2021, Senior Vice President, Sales Government from 2015 to 2017 and Senior Vice President, Strategic Planning and Development Government from 2013 to 2015. Mr. D'Agostino joined the company in 2013. 
 Stacy L. Dillow 
 Ms. Dillow has been Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer since 2019. Prior to that, she was Head of Supply Chain Transformation, Southeast Asia and Australasia at Unilever, a consumer goods company, from 2018 to 2019. Prior to that, she was Senior Project Director Energy Chemicals at the company from 2014 to 2017. Ms. Dillow first joined the company in 1996. 
 Mark E. Fields 
 Mr. Fields has been Group President, Project Execution since January 2021. Prior to that, he was Group President, Energy Chemicals from 2019 to 2021, Senior Vice President, Energy Chemicals Americas from 2017 to 2019 and Senior Vice President, Project Director Energy Chemicals from 2009 to 2017. Mr. Fields joined the company in 1981. 
 John C. Regan 
 Mr. Regan has been Executive Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer since June 2020. He was previously Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Alta Mesa Resources, Inc., an upstream exploration and production company, from 2019 to 2020, and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Vine Oil and Gas LP and Brix Oil and Gas LP, private companies focused on natural gas exploration, from 2015 to 2018. 
 John R. Reynolds 
 Mr. Reynolds has been Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer since 2019 and Secretary since 2020. Prior to that, he was Vice President and Senior Managing General Counsel from 2017 to 2019 and Managing General Counsel from 2005 to 2017. Mr. Reynolds joined the company in 1985. 
 Terry W. Towle 
 Mr. Towle has been Group President, Urban Solutions since January 2021. Prior to that, he was Group President, Infrastructure Power from 2019 to 2021, Senior Vice President, Project Director Infrastructure from 2015 to 2019 and Senior Vice President, Business Line President Infrastructure from 2014 to 2015. Mr. Towle joined the company in 1985. 
 Available Information 
 Our website address is www.fluor.com . You may obtain free electronic copies of our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports on the Investor Relations portion of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with the SEC. These reports, and any amendments to them, are also available at the SEC's website, www.s ec.gov. We also use our investor relations website as a channel of distribution for important company information. Investors and others can receive notifications of new information posted on our investor relations website in real time by signing up for e-mail alerts and RSS feeds. We also maintain various documents related to our corporate governance including our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Board Committee Charters and our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Members of the Board of Directors on the Sustainability portion of our website under Governance. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 We operate in a complex and rapidly changing global environment that involves numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and stock price. The risks described below highlight some of the factors that have affected and could affect us in the future. We may also be affected by unknown risks or risks that we currently think are immaterial. If any such events actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and stock price could be materially adversely affected. 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 The following summarizes the risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and stock price. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description of each risk factor contained below. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to our Operations 
 We are vulnerable to the cyclical nature of the markets we serve. 
 Our revenue and earnings are largely dependent on new awards, which are driven by our clients. 
 The nature of our contracts, particularly our lump-sum contracts, subject us to risks associated with delays and cost overruns, which may not be recoverable and may result in reduced profits or losses that could have a material impact on us. 
 Intense competition in the EPC industry can impact our revenue and profits. 
 Our ability to grow requires us to hire and retain qualified personnel. 
 The success of teaming arrangements and joint ventures depends on the satisfactory performance by our venture partners over whom we may have little or no control, and the failure of those partners to perform their obligations could impose additional obligations on us that could have a material impact on us. 
 We are dependent upon suppliers and subcontractors to complete many of our contracts. 
 Cybersecurity breaches of our systems and IT could adversely impact us. 
 Systems and IT interruption, as well as new systems implementation, could adversely impact our ability to operate. 
 We have international operations that are subject to foreign economic and political uncertainties and risks. Unexpected and adverse changes in the foreign countries in which we operate could result in project disruptions, increased cost and potential losses. 
 Our backlog is subject to unexpected adjustments and cancellations. 
 
 Our employees work on projects that are inherently dangerous and in locations where there are high security risks, and a failure to maintain a safe work site could result in significant losses. 
 Our businesses could be materially and adversely affected by events outside of our control. 
 We must successfully manage the demands, supply and operational challenges associated with the effects of widespread health concerns, such as COVID. 
 Our actual results could differ from the assumptions and estimates used to prepare our financial statements. 
 If we experience delays or defaults in client payments, we could be negatively impacted. 
 Our U.S. government contracts and contracting rights may be terminated or otherwise adversely impacted at any time, and our inability to win or renew government contracts during regulated procurement processes could harm our operations and reduce our projects and revenues. 
 Our effective tax rate and tax positions may vary. 
 It can be very difficult and expensive to obtain the insurance we need for our business operations. 
 If we do not have adequate indemnification for our nuclear services, it could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 Foreign currency risks could have an adverse impact on us. 
 The loss of one or a few clients could have an adverse effect on us. 
 Our business may be negatively impacted if we are unable to adequately protect intellectual property rights. 
 Our results of operations could be adversely affected as a result of asset impairments. 
 Climate change and related environmental issues could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 Increasing scrutiny and changing expectations from investors with respect to sustainability practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to reputational or other risks. 
 Risks Related to Indebtedness and other Credit Related Risks 
 Adverse credit and financial market conditions, including increasing interest rates, could impair our clients', our partners' and our own borrowing capacity, which could negatively affect us. 
 Our indebtedness could lead to adverse consequences or adversely affect our financial position and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under such indebtedness, and any refinancing of this debt could be at significantly higher interest rates. 
 We may be unable to win new contract awards if we cannot provide clients with financial assurances. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 We are involved in litigation and regulatory proceedings, potential liability claims and contract disputes that may have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our failure to recover adequately on claims against project owners, subcontractors or suppliers for payment or performance could have a material effect on our financial results. 
 We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 We could be adversely impacted if we fail to comply with domestic and international import and export laws. 
 Employee, agent or partner misconduct or our overall failure to comply with laws or regulations could impair our ability to compete for contracts. 
 New or changing legal requirements could adversely affect us. 
 Past and future environmental, safety and health regulations could impose significant additional costs on us. 
 Risks Related to Strategic Plans and Mergers Acquisitions 
 We may be unsuccessful implementing our strategic and operational initiatives. 
 We may be unsuccessful integrating acquisitions or capitalizing on investments we make. 
 Risks Related to our Preferred Stock and our Equity 
 Conversion of our CPS will dilute the ownership interest of existing common stockholders or may otherwise depress the price of our common stock. 
 Our CPS has rights, preferences and privileges that are not held by, and are preferential to the rights of, our common stockholders, which could adversely affect the value of the common stock, our liquidity and our financial condition. 
 Provisions attendant to our CPS may deter or prevent a business combination that may be favorable to our common stockholders. 
 If we issue additional equity securities, stockholders' ownership percentages would be diluted. 
 Delaware law and our charter documents may impede or discourage a takeover or change of control. 
 Risks Related to our Operations 
 We are vulnerable to the cyclical nature of the markets we serve. 
 The demand for our services is dependent upon the existence of clients with capital investments. Our clients' interest in approving new projects, budgets for capital expenditures and need for our services have in the past been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by, among other things, poor economic conditions (including inflation, slow growth or recession, changes to governments' fiscal or monetary policy and higher interest rates), low oil prices, political uncertainties and currency devaluations. Clients have been and remain selective in how they allocate their capital, especially the larger scale projects in which we specialize. For example, in our Energy Solutions segment, capital expenditures by our clients are influenced by factors such as prevailing hydrocarbon prices and expectations about future prices for underlying commodities, technological advances, the costs of exploration, production and delivery of product, domestic and international political, military, regulatory and economic conditions and other similar factors. There is no guarantee that current oil prices will be sustained, and the timing and extent of any future improvements in demand remain uncertain. Industries served by that segment and many of the others we serve have historically been and will continue to be vulnerable to general downturns, which in turn could materially and adversely affect the demand for our services. 
 Our revenue and earnings are largely dependent on new awards, which are driven by our clients. 
 The awarding and timing of projects is unpredictable and driven by our clients. Awards, including expansions of existing projects, often involve complex and lengthy negotiations and competitive bidding processes. These processes can be impacted by a wide variety of factors including a client's decision to not proceed with the development of a project, governmental approvals, financing contingencies, oil prices, environmental conditions and overall market and economic conditions. We may not win contracts that we have bid on due to price, a client's perception of our ability to perform and/or perceived technology advantages held by others. Many of our competitors may be more inclined to take greater risks or include terms and conditions that we might not deem acceptable, especially when the markets for the services we typically offer are relatively soft. Because a significant portion of our revenue is generated from large projects, our results can fluctuate depending on whether and when large project awards occur and the commencement and progress of work under large contracts already awarded. As a result, we are subject to the risk of losing new awards to competitors or the risk that revenue may not be derived from awarded projects as quickly as anticipated. Additionally, uncertain economic and political conditions may make it difficult for our clients, our vendors and us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities. For example, changes to U.S. policies related to global trade and tariffs in recent years, and responsive changes in policy by foreign jurisdictions, have resulted in uncertainty surrounding the future of the global economy as well as retaliatory trade measures implemented by other countries. We cannot predict the outcome of changing trade policies or other unanticipated economic or political conditions, nor can we predict the timing, strength or duration of any worldwide economic recovery or downturn or in the markets that we serve. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 The nature of our contracts, particularly our lump-sum contracts, subject us to risks associated with delays and cost overruns, which may not be recoverable and may result in reduced profits or losses that could have a material impact on us. 
 Because our projects are often technically complex, with multiple phases occurring over several years, we incur risks in our project execution activities. These risks could result in project delays, cost overruns or other problems and can include the following: 
 Incorrect assumptions related to productivity, scheduling estimates or future economic conditions, including with respect to the impacts of inflation on lump-sum contracts; 
 Unanticipated technical problems, including design or engineering issues; 
 Inaccurate representations of site conditions and unanticipated changes in the project execution plan; 
 Project modifications creating unanticipated costs or delays and failure to properly manage project modifications; 
 Inability to achieve guaranteed performance or quality standards with regard to engineering, construction or project management obligations; 
 Insufficient or inadequate project execution tools and systems needed to record, track, forecast and control cost and schedule; 
 Reliance on historical cost and/or execution data that is not representative of current economic and/or execution conditions; 
 Failure to accurately estimate the timing and cost of projects, including due to inflation, supply chain disruption, rising construction costs or unforeseen increases in the cost of labor; 
 Unanticipated increases in the cost of raw materials, components or equipment, including due to inflation or the imposition of import tariffs; 
 Failure to properly make judgments in accordance with applicable professional standards, including engineering standards; 
 Failure to properly assess and update appropriate risk mitigation strategies and measures; 
 Difficulties related to the performance of our clients, partners, subcontractors, suppliers or other third parties; 
 Delays or productivity issues caused by weather; and 
 Changes in local laws or difficulties or delays in obtaining permits, rights of way or approvals. 
 These and other risks have in the past and may in the future result in our failure to achieve contractual cost or schedule commitments, safety performance, overall client satisfaction or other performance criteria. As a result, we may receive lower fees or lose our ability to earn incentive fees. In other cases, our fee will not change but we will have to continue to perform work without additional fees until the performance criteria is achieved. We may also be required to pay liquidated damages if we fail to complete a project on schedule. In addition, if we fail to meet guaranteed performance or quality standards, we may be held responsible under the guarantee or warranty provisions of our contract for cost impact to the client, generally in the form of contractually agreed-upon liquidated damages or an obligation to re-perform work. To the extent these events occur, the total cost to the project (including any liquidated damages we become liable to pay) could be material and could, in some circumstances, equal or exceed the full value of the contract. In such events, our financial condition or results of operations could be materially and negatively impacted. 
 In circumstances where the contract is lump-sum or the revenue is otherwise fixed, we bear significant risk for delays and cost overruns. Reimbursable contract types, such as those that include negotiated hourly billing rates, may restrict the kinds or amounts of costs that are reimbursable, therefore exposing us to the risk that we may incur certain costs in executing these contracts that are above our estimates and not recoverable from our clients. 
 Intense competition in the EPC industry can impact our revenue and profits. 
 We serve markets that are highly competitive and in which a large number of multinational companies compete. These markets require substantial resources and investment in technology and skilled personnel. We also see a continuing influx of non-traditional competitors offering below-market pricing while accepting greater risk. Competition places downward pressure on our contract prices and profit margins, and could cause us to accept contractual terms and conditions that are not 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 normal or customary, thereby increasing the risk of losses on such contracts. Intense competition is expected to continue in our markets, presenting us with challenges to maintain acceptable profit margins. To the extent we are unable to meet these competitive challenges, we could lose revenue and experience reduced profitability. 
 Our ability to grow requires us to hire and retain qualified personnel. 
 The success of our business is dependent upon being able to attract, develop and retain personnel, including engineers, project management, craft employees and management, who have the necessary and required experience and expertise, and who will perform these services at a reasonable and competitive rate. Competition for these and other experienced personnel is intense. It may be difficult to attract and retain qualified individuals with the expertise and in the timeframe demanded by our clients. In certain geographic areas, for example, we may be unable to satisfy the demand for our services because of our inability to deploy qualified personnel. Also, it may be difficult to replace personnel who hold government required credentials. Loss of the services of, or failure to recruit, qualified technical and management personnel, including a preference for some candidates to work remotely, could limit our ability to successfully complete existing projects and compete for new projects. In addition, as costs related to our workforce are dependent on market conditions, inflationary pressure has increased, and may continue to increase, labor costs in certain geographic areas. 
 As some of our executives and other key personnel approach retirement age or otherwise leave the company, we need to provide for smooth transitions, which requires succession planning to identify and integrate new personnel into leadership roles. Changes in our management team may disrupt our business and the failure to successfully transition and assimilate executives or other key personnel could adversely affect our results. If we are unable to employ a sufficient number of skilled personnel or effectively implement appropriate succession plans, our ability to pursue projects may be adversely affected, the costs of executing our existing and future projects may increase. 
 In addition, the cost of providing our services, including the extent to which we utilize our workforce, affects our profitability. For example, the uncertainty of contract award timing can present difficulties in matching our workforce size with project needs. If an expected contract award is delayed or not received, we could incur costs resulting from excess staff, reductions in staff, or redundancy of facilities that could have a material adverse impact on us. 
 The success of teaming arrangements and joint ventures depends on the satisfactory performance by our venture partners over whom we may have little or no control, and the failure of those partners to perform their obligations could impose additional obligations on us that could have a material impact on us. 
 In the ordinary course of business in our industry, we execute specific projects and otherwise conduct certain operations through joint ventures, consortiums, partnerships and other collaborative arrangements (collectively, "ventures"). We have various ownership interests in these ventures, with such ownership typically being proportionate to our decision-making and distribution rights. The ventures generally contract directly with our client; however, services may be performed directly by the venture, or may be performed by us, our partners, or a combination thereof. 
 Our success in many markets is impacted by the pre sence or capability of our partners. If we are unable to compete alone, or with a quality partner, our ability to win work and successfully complete our contracts may be impacted. Differences in opinions or views between venture partners can result in delayed decision-making or failure to agree on material issues, which could adversely affect the business and operations of our ventures. In many of the countries in which we engage in joint ventures, it may be difficult to enforce our contractual rights under the applicable joint venture agreement. 
 At times, we also participate in ventures where we are not a controlling party or where we team with unaffiliated parties on a particular project. In such instances, we may have limited control over venture decisions and actions, including ICFR, which may have an impact on our business. If internal control problems arise within a venture, or if our venture partners have financial or operational issues, there could be a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 The success of our ventures also depends, in large part, on the satisfactory performance by our venture partners of their obligations, including their obligation to commit working capital, equity or credit support as required by the venture and to support their indemnification and other contractual obligations. If our venture partners fail to satisfactorily perform their obligations, the venture may be unable to adequately perform or deliver its contracted services. Under these circumstances, we may be required to make additional investments and provide additional services to ensure the adequate performance and delivery of the contracted services and to meet any performance guarantees. From time to time, in order to establish or preserve a relationship, or to better ensure venture success, we may accept risks or responsibilities for the venture that are not necessarily proportionate with the reward we expect to receive or that may differ from risks or responsibilities we would normally accept in our own operations. We may also be subject to joint and several liability under the contracts for venture projects. These additional obligations could result in reduced profits or, in some cases, increased liabilities or significant losses for us with respect to the venture, and in turn, our business and operations. In addition, a failure by a venture partner to 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 comply with applicable regulations could negatively impact our business and reputation and could result in fines, penalties, suspension or, in the case of government contracts, even debarment. 
 We are dependent upon suppliers and subcontractors to complete many of our contracts. 
 Some of the work performed under our contracts is performed by third-party subcontractors. We also rely on third-party suppliers to provide much of the equipment and materials used for projects. If we are unable to hire qualified subcontractors or find qualified suppliers, our ability to successfully or timely complete a project could be impaired. If the amount we are required to pay for subcontractors or equipment and supplies exceeds what we have estimated, especially in a lump-sum contract, we may suffer losses on these contracts. If a supplier or subcontractor fails to provide supplies, technology, equipment or services as required under a contract to us, our joint venture partner, our client or any other party involved in the project for any reason, or provides supplies, technology, equipment or services that are not an acceptable quality, we may be required to source those supplies, technology, equipment or services on a delayed basis or at a higher price than anticipated, which could impact our profitability. In addition, faulty workmanship, equipment or materials could impact the overall project, resulting in claims against us for failure to meet required project specifications. These risks may be intensified during an economic downturn if these suppliers or subcontractors experience financial difficulties or find it difficult to obtain sufficient financing to fund their operations or access to bonding, and are not able to provide the services or supplies necessary for our business. A failure by a third-party subcontractor or supplier to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations could negatively impact our business and reputation and could result in fines, penalties, suspension, or in the case of government contracts, even debarment. 
 Cybersecurity breaches of our systems and IT could adversely impact our ability to operate. 
 We utilize, develop, install and maintain a number of IT systems. Various privacy and security laws require us to protect sensitive and confidential information from disclosure. In addition, we are bound by our contracts, as well as our own business practices, to protect confidential and proprietary information. Our computer systems, as well as those of our clients, partners, contractors and other vendors, face the threat of unauthorized access, computer hacking, viruses, malicious code, cyber attacks, phishing and other security incursions and system disruptions. As many of our employees use our computer systems to collaborate with colleagues in different geographic locations and access our systems remotely, we may be subject to heightened risks, including the risk of cyber attacks. While we endeavor to maintain or exceed industry-accepted security measures and technology to secure our computer systems and while we endeavor to ensure our cloud vendors that store our data maintain similar measures, these systems and the information stored on these systems are still subject to threats. There can be no assurance that our efforts, including cybersecurity training for our employees, will protect us against all threats. Further, as these security threats continue to evolve, we may be required to devote additional resources to protect, detect and respond against such threats. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to IT systems change frequently, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. A party who circumvents our security measures, or those of our clients, contractors or other vendors, could misappropriate confidential or proprietary information, improperly manipulate data, or cause damage or interruptions to systems. While to date we have not experienced any material impact as a result of cyber attacks, the ultimate impact of these and similar events remains unknown, and additional vulnerabilities may arise in the future. Any of these events could damage our reputation, result in litigation and regulatory fines and penalties, impact our operations (including our ability to report our financial results), or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Furthermore, while we maintain insurance that specifically covers cybersecurity threats, our coverage may not sufficiently cover all types of losses or claims that may arise. 
 In addition, new or evolving laws and regulations governing data privacy and the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, including the European Union General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), the California Consumer Privacy Act, the California Privacy Rights Act, and other U.S. state and global emerging privacy laws, pose increasingly complex compliance challenges and could potentially elevate our compliance costs. Any failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in significant penalties and legal liability, which could have a negative impact on our results of operation. 
 Systems and IT interruption, as well as new systems implementation, could adversely impact our ability to operate and our operating results. 
 We are heavily reliant on computer, information and communications technology and related systems, some of which are hosted by third party providers. From time to time, we experience system interruptions and delays that may be planned for upgrades or that may be unplanned. Unplanned interruptions could result from natural disasters, power loss, telecommunications failures, acts of war or terrorism, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins and similar events or disruptions. Any of these or other events could cause system interruptions, delays, loss of critical or sensitive data (including personal or financial data) or loss of funds; could delay or prevent operations (including the processing of transactions and reporting of financial results); and could adversely affect our reputation or our operating results. While we have and require 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 the maintenance of reasonable safeguards designed to protect against unavailability or loss of data, these safeguards may not be sufficient. We may be required to incur significant costs to protect against or alleviate damage caused by systems interruptions and delays, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 We continue to evaluate the need to upgrade and/or replace our systems and network infrastructure to protect our computing environment, to stay current on vendor supported products, to improve the efficiency of our systems and for other business reasons. The implementation of new systems and IT could adversely impact our operations by imposing substantial capital expenditures, demands on management time and risks of delays or difficulties in transitioning to new systems. Our systems implementations also may not result in productivity improvements at the levels anticipated. Systems implementation disruption and any other IT disruption, if not anticipated and appropriately mitigated, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We have international operations that are subject to foreign economic and political uncertainties and risks. Unexpected and adverse changes in the foreign countries in which we operate could result in project disruptions, increased cost and potential losses. 
 Our business is subject to international economic and political conditions that change (sometimes frequently) for reasons that are beyond our control. We expect that a significant portion of our revenue and profits will continue to come from non-U.S. projects for the foreseeable future. 
 Operating in the international marketplace exposes us to a number of risks including: 
 abrupt changes in government policies, laws, treaties (including those impacting trade), regulations or leadership; 
 embargoes or other trade restrictions, including sanctions; 
 restrictions on currency movement; 
 tax or tariff changes and withholding requirements; 
 currency exchange rate fluctuations; 
 changes in labor conditions and difficulties in staffing and managing international operations, including logistical and communication challenges; 
 U.S. government trade or other policy changes in relation to the foreign countries in which we operate; 
 other regional, social, political and economic instability, including recessions and other economic crises; 
 natural disasters and public health crises, including pandemics; 
 expropriation and nationalization of our assets; 
 international hostilities, such as the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, which has resulted in the imposition by the U.S. and other nations of restrictive actions against Russia and certain banks, companies and individuals; and 
 unrest, civil strife, acts of war, terrorism and insurrection. 
 During the first quarter of 2022, we suspended any new investment in our Russian operations. Our backlog on projects in the impacted region is not significant to future revenue or margin. We continue to monitor the circumstances in Eastern Europe and are winding down our existing contractual obligations while complying with all regulatory limitations placed on new and existing business for projects and clients based in the region. 
 The lack of a well-developed legal system in some of the countries where we operate may make it difficult to enforce our contractual rights or to defend ourself against claims made by others. We operate in locations where there is a significant amount of political risk. In addition, nationalization, military action or continued unrest could impact the supply or pricing of oil, disrupt our operations in the region and elsewhere, and increase our security costs. Our level of exposure to these risks may vary with each project, depending on the location of the project and its stage of completion. For example, our risk exposure with respect to a project in an early development phase, such as engineering, will generally be less than our risk exposure on a project that is in the construction phase. To the extent that our international business is affected by unexpected and adverse foreign economic and political conditions and risks, we may experience project disruptions and losses. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Our backlog is subject to unexpected adjustments and cancellations. 
 Our backlog generally consists of projects for which we have an executed contract or commitment with a client and reflects our expected revenue from the contract or commitment, which is often subject to revision over time. We cannot guarantee that the revenue projected in our backlog will be realized or profitable or will not be subject to delay or suspension. Project cancellations, scope adjustments or deferrals, or foreign currency fluctuations may occur with respect to contracts reflected in our backlog and could reduce the value of our backlog and the revenue and profits that we actually earn; or, may cause the rate at which we perform on our backlog to decrease. Most of our contracts have termination for convenience provisions in them allowing clients to cancel projects. Our contracts typically provide for the payment of fees earned through the date of termination and the reimbursement of costs incurred including demobilization costs. In addition, projects may remain in our backlog for an extended period of time. During periods of economic slowdown, or decreases and/or instability in oil prices, the risk of projects being suspended, delayed or canceled generally increases. Finally, poor project or contract performance could also impact our backlog and profits. Such developments could have a material adverse effect on our business and our profits. 
 Our employees work on projects that are inherently dangerous and in locations where there are high security risks, and a failure to maintain a safe work site could result in significant losses. 
 We often work on complex projects, frequently in geographically remote or high-risk locations that are subject to political, social or economic risks, or war or civil unrest. In those locations where we have employees or operations, we may expend significant efforts and incur substantial security costs to maintain safety. In addition, our project sites can place our employees and others near large equipment, dangerous processes or substances or highly regulated materials, and in challenging environments. Safety is a primary focus of our business and is critical to our reputation and performance. Many of our clients require that we meet certain safety criteria to be eligible to bid on contracts, and some of our contract fees or profits are subject to satisfying safety criteria. Unsafe work conditions also have the potential of increasing employee turnover, increasing project costs and raising our operating costs. If we fail to implement appropriate safety procedures and/or if our procedures fail, our employees or others may suffer injuries or loss of life, the completion of a project could be delayed and we could experience investigations or litigation. Although we have a safety function to implement effective health, safety and environmental procedures throughout our company, the failure to comply with such procedures, client contracts or applicable regulations could subject us to losses and liability. Despite these activities we cannot guarantee the safety of our personnel, nor can we guarantee our work, equipment or supplies will be free from damage. 
 Our businesses could be materially and adversely affected by events outside of our control. 
 Extraordinary or force majeure events beyond our control, such as natural or man-made disasters, severe weather conditions, public health crises such as COVID, supply chain disruption, political crises or other catastrophic events, could negatively impact our ability to operate or increase our costs to operate. Such events may result in disruptions to our operations; evacuation of personnel; increased labor and material costs or shortages; inability to deliver materials, equipment and personnel to jobsites in accordance with contract schedules; and loss of productivity. We may remain obligated to perform our services after any such events, unless a contract provision provides us with relief from our obligations. The extra costs incurred as a result of these events may not be reimbursed by our clients. If we are not able to react quickly to such events, or if a high concentration of our projects are impacted by such an event, our operations may be adversely affected. In addition, if we cannot complete our contracts on time, we may be subject to potential liability claims by our clients, which may reduce our profits and result in losses. 
 We must successfully manage the demands, supply and operational challenges associated with the effects of widespread health concerns, such as COVID. 
 Our business operations, results of operations and financial position has been and may continue to be negatively impacted by epidemics, pandemics and similar widespread public health concerns, such as COVID, including as a result of the actions taken by international federal, state and local public health and governmental authorities in response, including vaccine mandates, quarantines, government restrictions on movement, distancing, business closures and suspensions, canceled events and activities, isolation, and other voluntary or mandated changes in behavior. 
 The outbreak of COVID and actions in response thereto created significant uncertainty and economic volatility and disruption, which have impacted and may continue to impact our workforce and operations and have and materially 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 adversely affected and may continue to materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial performance, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 We may experience reductions in demand for our services and the delay or abandonment of ongoing or anticipated projects due to our clients , suppliers and other third parties diminished financial conditions or financial distress, as well as governmental budget constraints. 
 Some clients have been, and may in the future be, unable to meet their payment obligations to us in a timely manner. Further, other third parties, such as suppliers, subcontractors, joint venture partners and other outside business partners, have experienced significant disruptions in their ability to satisfy their obligations with respect to us, or they may be unable to do so in the future altogether. 
 Many of our employees continue to work remotely. While many of our employees can effectively perform their responsibilities while working remotely, some work may not be completed as efficiently as if it were performed on site. 
 Various vaccine mandates issued by clients or governments could negatively impact our ability to attract and retain qualified employees, increase costs and administrative burden and make us subject to fines. 
 Illness, travel restrictions or other workforce disruptions have affected, and may continue to affect, our supply chain, our ability to timely and sa tisfactorily complete our clients projects, our ability to provide services to our clients or our other business processes. 
 Jurisdictions where we have operations may impose prolonged quarantines or further restrict travel and business activity, which could materially impair our ability to conduct our operations, to source supplies through the global supply chain and to identify, pursue and capture new business opportunities. 
 The extent to which COVID or other significant disease outbreaks will impact us depends on numerous evolving factors and future developments that we are not currently able to predict and may also exacerbate other risks discussed in this 2022 10-K, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us, our business operations, results of operations and financial position. 
 Our actual results could differ from the assumptions and estimates used to prepare our financial statements. 
 In preparing our financial statements, we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported values of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Areas requiring significant estimates by our management include: 
 recognition of revenue, costs, profits or losses; 
 recognition of revenue related to project incentives, awards or other variable consideration we expect to receive; 
 recognition of recoveries under contract change orders or claims; 
 estimated amounts for project losses, warranty costs, contract close-out or other costs; 
 collectability of receivables and the need and amount of any allowance; 
 asset valuations; 
 income tax provisions and related valuation allowances; 
 determination of expense and potential liabilities under pension and other post-retirement benefit programs; and 
 accruals for other estimated liabilities, including litigation and insurance reserves and receivables. 
 Estimates are based on management's reasonable assumptions and experience, but are only estimates. Our actual business and financial results could differ from our estimates of such results due to changes in facts and circumstances, which could have a material negative impact on our financial condition and reported results of operations. Further, we recognize contract revenue as work on a contract progresses. The cumulative amount of revenue recorded on a contract at any point is that percentage of total estimated revenue that costs incurred to date bear to estimated total costs. Accordingly, contract revenue and total cost estimates are reviewed and revised as the work progresses. Adjustments are reflected in contract revenue in the period when such estimates are revised. Such adjustments could be material and could result in reduced profitability. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 If we experience delays or defaults in client payments, we could be negatively impacted. 
 Because of the nature of our contracts, we sometimes commit resources to projects prior to receiving payments from clients in amounts sufficient to cover expenditures as they come due. Some of our clients have found it difficult to pay our invoices timely, increasing the risk that our accounts receivable could become uncollectible and ultimately be written off. In certain cases, our clients for our large projects are project-specific entities that do not have significant assets other than their interests in the project. From time to time, it is difficult for us to collect payments owed to us by these clients. In addition, clients may request extension of the payment terms otherwise agreed to under our contracts. Delays in client payments may require us to make a working capital investment, which could impact our cash flows and liquidity. If a client fails to pay invoices on a timely basis or defaults, there could be a material adverse effect on our results of operations or liquidity. 
 Our U.S. government contracts and contracting rights may be terminated or otherwise adversely impacted at any time, and our inability to win or renew government contracts during regulated procurement processes could harm our operations and reduce our projects and revenues. 
 We have a significant portfolio of government contracts, including those that we have in place with the DOE and U.S. Department of Defense. U.S. government contracts are subject to various uncertainties, restrictions and regulations, including oversight audits by government agencies and profit and cost controls, which could result in withholding or delay of payments to us. U.S. government contracts are also subject to uncertainties associated with congressional funding, including the potential impacts of budget deficits, government shutdowns and federal sequestration. Changes in U.S. government priorities, which can occur due to policy changes or economic changes, could adversely impact our revenues. The U.S. government is under no obligation to maintain program funding at any specific level, and funds for a program may even be eliminated. Our U.S. government clients may terminate or decide not to renew our contracts with little or no prior notice. 
 In addition, U.S. government contracts are subject to specific regulations such as the Federal Acquisition Regulation ("FAR"), the Truth in Negotiations Act, the Cost Accounting Standards ("CAS"), the Service Contract Act and Department of Defense security regulations. Failure to comply with any of these regulations and other government requirements may result in contract price adjustments, financial penalties or contract termination. Our U.S. government contracts are also subject to audits, cost reviews and investigations by U.S. government oversight agencies such as the U.S. Defense Contract Audit Agency (the "DCAA"). The DCAA reviews the adequacy of, and our compliance with, our internal controls and policies (including our labor, billing, accounting, purchasing, estimating, compensation and management information systems). The DCAA also has the ability to review how we have accounted for costs under the FAR and CAS. The DCAA presents its findings to the Defense Contract Management Agency ("DCMA"). Should the DCMA determine that we have not complied with the terms of our contract and applicable statutes and regulations, or if they believe that we have engaged in inappropriate accounting or other activities, payments to us may be disallowed or we could be required to refund previously collected payments. Additionally, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties, suspension or debarment from future government contracts, and qui tam litigation brought by private individuals on behalf of the U.S. government under the False Claims Act, which could include claims for treble damages. These suits may remain under seal (and hence, be unknown to us) for some time while the government decides whether to intervene on behalf of the qui tam plaintiff. Furthermore, if we have significant disagreements with our government clients concerning costs incurred, negative publicity could arise, which could adversely affect our industry reputation and our ability to compete for new contracts in the government arena or otherwise. 
 Most U.S. government contracts are awarded through a rigorous competitive process. The U.S. government has increasingly relied upon multiple-year contracts with pre-established terms and conditions that generally require those contractors that have been previously awarded the contract to engage in an additional competitive bidding process for each task order issued under the contract. Such processes require successful contractors to anticipate requirements and develop rapid-response bid and proposal teams as well as dedicated supplier relationships and delivery systems to react to these needs. We face rigorous competition and significant pricing pressures in order to win these task orders. If we are not successful in containing costs or able to timely respond to government requests, we may not win additional awards. Moreover, even if we are qualified to work on a government contract, we may be impacted in our pursuit of work by government policies designed to protect small businesses and under- represented minority contractors. 
 Many of our U.S. government contracts require security clearances. Depending upon the level of clearance required, security clearances can be difficult and time-consuming to obtain. If we or our employees are unable to obtain or retain necessary security clearances, we may not be able to win new business, and our existing government clients could terminate their contracts with us or decide not to renew them. 
 Under the Budget Control Act of 2011, an automatic sequestration process, or across-the-board budget cuts, was triggered when the Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction failed to agree on a deficit reduction plan for the U.S. federal budget. The Budget Control Act of 2011 remains in place, extended through 2029, and absent additional legislative or other remedial action, the sequestration could require reduced U.S. federal government spending through 2029. A significant 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 reduction in federal government spending or a change in budgetary priorities could reduce demand for our services, cancel or delay federal projects, and result in the closure of federal facilities and significant personnel reductions, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our effective tax rate and tax positions may vary. 
 We are subject to income taxes where we do business. A change in tax laws, treaties or regulations, or their interpretation, in any country in which we operate could change our overall tax rate, which could have a material impact on our results of operations. In addition, significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes and our judgments could prove inaccurate. There are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities, and our tax estimates and tax positions could be materially affected by many factors including the final outcome of tax audits and related litigation, the introduction of new tax accounting standards, legislation, regulations and related interpretations, our global mix of earnings, our ability to realize deferred tax assets and changes in uncertain tax positions. Future changes in our tax rate or adverse changes in tax laws could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and liquidity. We may also be exposed to limitations on our ability to reinvest earnings from operations in one country to fund our operations in other countries due to tax laws in different jurisdictions. 
 It can be very difficult and expensive to obtain the insurance we need for our business operations. 
 We maintain insurance both as a corporate risk management strategy and to satisfy the requirements of many of our contracts. Although we have been generally able to cover our insurance needs, there can be no assurances that we can secure all necessary or appropriate insurance in the future, or that such insurance can be economically secured. For example, catastrophic events can result in decreased coverage limits, more limited coverage, increased premium costs or deductibles. We also monitor the financial health of our insurance. Our insurance is purchased from a number of leading providers, often in layered insurance or quota share arrangements. If any of our third party insurers fail, abruptly cancel our coverage or o therwise cannot satisfy their obligations to us, then our overall risk exposure and operational expenses could increase and our business operations could be interrupted. 
 If we do not have adequate indemnification for our nuclear services, it could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 We provide services to the DOE and the nuclear energy industry in the on-going maintenance and modification of nuclear facilities as well as decontamination and decommissioning activities of nuclear plants. The Price-Anderson Act generally indemnifies parties performing services to nuclear power plants and DOE contractors; however, not all of our activities are covered. Thus, if the Price-Anderson Act indemnification protections do not apply to our services, or if the exposure occurs outside of the U.S. in a region that does not have protections comparable to the Price-Anderson Act, our business and financial condition could be adversely affected by our client's refusal to contract with us, by our inability to obtain commercially reasonable insurance or third party indemnification, or by the potentially significant monetary damages we could incur. 
 Foreign currency risks could have an adverse impact on revenue, earnings and/or backlog. 
 Our contracts m ay subject us to foreign currency risk, particularly when project revenue is denominated in a currency different than the expected costs. A project may be denominated in different currencies at various points in time as a project progresses. We may attempt to minimize our exposure to foreign currency risk by obtaining contract provisions that protect us from foreign currency fluctuations and/or by implementing hedging strategies utilizing derivatives. However, these actions may not always eliminate all foreign currency risk, and as a result, our profitability could be affected. 
 Our monetary assets and liabilities denominated in nonfunctional currencies are subject to remeasurement. In addition, the U.S. dollar value of our backlog may from time to time increase or decrease significantly due to foreign currency volatility. 
 The loss of one or a few clients could have an adverse effect on us. 
 A few clients, including the U.S. government, state governments and governmental agencies comprise a significant portion of our revenue. Although we have long-standing relationships with many of our significant clients, our clients may unilaterally reduce, fail to renew or terminate their contracts with us at any time. Most of our contracts have "termination for convenience" provisions in them. The loss of business from a significant client could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Our business may be negatively impacted if we are unable to adequately protect intellectual property rights. 
 Our success is impacted by our ability to differentiate our services through our technologies and know-how. This includes the ability to protect intellectual property rights. We utilize a combination of patents, copyrights, trade secrets, confidentiality agreements and other contractual arrangements to protect our interests. However, these methods only provide limited protection and may not adequately protect our interests. Our employees, contractors and joint venture partners are subject to confidentiality obligations, but this protection may be inadequate to deter or prevent misappropriation of our confidential information and/or infringement of our intellectual property rights. This can be especially true in certain foreign countries where intellectual property does not have equivalent protections as in the U.S., or when our joint venture partner is a competitor who will gain access to our procedures and know-how while working with us in the performance of services. 
 Our clients require broad ownership rights in the work product and other materials we deliver. If we are unable to retain ownership of our intellectual property and improvements thereto, it may affect our ability to provide similar services to other clients in the future, which ultimately, could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 
 Our competitors or others may independently develop technology substantially similar to our trade secret technology or we may be unsuccessful in preserving our intellectual property rights in the future. Our intellectual property rights could be invalidated, circumvented, challenged or infringed upon. Litigation to determine the scope of intellectual property rights, even if ultimately successful, could be costly and could divert management's attention. 
 In addition, our clients or other third parties may also provide us with their technology and intellectual property. There is a risk that we may not sufficiently protect against improper use, access or dissemination and, as a result, we could be subject to claims and litigation and resulting liabilities, loss of contracts or other consequences that could have an adverse impact on us. 
 We also hold licenses from third parties utilized in our business operations. If we are no longer able to license such technology on commercially reasonable terms or otherwise, we could be adversely affected. When we license our intellectual property to third parties, the scope of such license grant is generally limited. If such third party exceeds the scope of the license grant, and if we are unable to detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property or otherwise take appropriate steps to enforce our rights, our revenue and margins will be adversely impacted, and the value of our intellectual property portfolio may be adversely affected. 
 Our results of operations could be adversely affected as a result of asset impairments. 
 Our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected by impairments. Goodwill is not amortized, but instead is tested at least annually for impairment. Any future impairments, including impairments of tangible assets, goodwill, investments or deferred tax assets, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Climate change and related environmental issues could have a material adverse impact on us. 
 Climate change related events, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods, wildfires, droughts, hurricanes, freezing conditions, and other natural disasters, may have a long-term impact on our business, financial condition and results of operation. While we seek to mitigate our business risks associated with climate change, we recognize that there are inherent climate related risks regardless of where we conduct our businesses. For example, a catastrophic natural disaster could negatively impact any of our office locations and the locations of our clients. Access to clean water and reliable energy in the communities where we conduct our business is critical to our operations. Accordingly, a natural disaster has the potential to disrupt our and our clients businesses and may cause us to experience work stoppages, supply chain disruptions, project delays, financial losses and additional costs to resume operations, including increased insurance costs or loss of cover, legal liability and reputational losses. 
 Further, the risks caused by climate change span across the full spectrum of the industries we serve. The direct physical risks that climate change poses through chronic environmental changes, such as rising sea levels and temperatures, and acute events, such as hurricanes, droughts and wildfires, is common to each of these industries. Our clients could face increased costs to maintain their assets, which could result in reduced profitability and fewer resources for strategic investment. These types of physical risks could in turn lead to transitional risks (i.e., the degree to which society responds to the threat of climate change). For example, growing concerns about climate change may result in activism, protests, legislation, international protocols or treaties, regulation or other restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions or that otherwise seek to address climate change that could affect our clients, including those who (a) are involved in the exploration, production or refining of fossil fuels, such as our Energy Solutions clients, (b) emit greenhouse gases through the combustion of fossil fuels or (c) emit greenhouse gases through the mining, manufacture, utilization or production of materials or goods. Such actions could 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 increase the costs of projects for us and our clients or, in some cases, prevent a project from going forward, thereby potentially reducing the need for our services, which would in turn have a material adverse impact on us. However, policy changes and climate legislation could also accelerate energy transition, including the development of carbon capture and storage projects, alternative transportation, alternative energy facilities, such as wind farms or nuclear reactors, or incentivize increased implementation of clean fuels projects, which could positively impact the demand for our services. We cannot predict when or whether any of these legislative proposals may become law or what effect will be on us and our clients. 
 We may also incur additional expenses implementing U.S. and international regulations requiring additional disclosures regarding GHG emissions. Compliance with such regulations and the associated potential costs is complicated by various countries and regions following different approaches to the regulation of climate change. 
 Increasing scrutiny and changing expectations from investors with respect to sustainability practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to reputational or other risks. 
 Investors and clients have increasingly focused on the ESG practices of companies, including practices with respect to human capital, emissions and environmental impact and political spending. While we have programs and initiatives in place related to our ESG practices, investors may decide to reallocate capital or to not commit capital as a result of their assessment of our practices. In addition, our clients may require that we adhere to varying ESG standards. Our failure to comply with investor or client standards, which are evolving, or if we are perceived to not have responded appropriately to the growing concern for these issues could also cause reputational harm to our business and could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, organizations that provide ratings information to investors on ESG matters may have unfavorable views on us, which may lead to negative sentiment. 
 In addition, while we may create and publish voluntary disclosures regarding ESG matters, many of the statements in those voluntary disclosures are based on expectations and assumptions that may not be representative of current or actual risks, including the costs associated therewith. Such expectations and assumptions are necessarily uncertain and may be prone to error or subject to misinterpretation given the long timelines involved and the lack of an established single approach to identifying, measuring and reporting on many ESG matters. 
 Risks Related to Indebtedness and other Credit Related Risks 
 Adverse credit and financial market conditions, including increasing interest rates, could impair our clients', our partners' and our own borrowing capacity, which could negatively affect us. 
 Our ability to generate cash is important for the funding of our operations, investing in ventures, the servicing of our indebtedness, paying dividends and making acquisitions. To the extent that existing cash balances and operating cash flow, together with borrowing capacity under our credit facilities, are insufficient to make investments or acquisitions or provide needed working capital, we may require additional financing from other sources. Our ability to obtain such additional financing will depend upon prevailing capital market conditions, including those arising due to events occurring in our industry, as well as conditions in our business and our operating results; and those factors may affect our efforts to negotiate terms that are acceptable to us. Furthermore, if global economic, industry, political or other market conditions adversely affect the financial institutions that provide credit to us, it is possible that our ability to establish or draw upon our credit facilities, or refinance borrowings as they mature, may be impacted. In addition, a downgrade in our credit rating could increase the cost of our borrowings or their refinancing, limit access to sources of financing or lead to other adverse consequences such as requirements for liens or other forms of financial assurance. If adequate funds are not available, or are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to make future investments, take advantage of acquisitions or other opportunities, or respond to competitive challenges. 
 In addition, adverse credit and financial market conditions, including increasing interest rates, also adversely affect our clients' and our partners' borrowing capacity, which could result in contract cancellations or suspensions, project award and execution delays, payment delays or defaults by our clients. These disruptions could materially impact our backlog and profits. If we extend a significant portion of credit to our clients or projects in a specific geographic region or industry, we may experience higher levels of collection risk or non-payment if those clients are impacted by factors specific to their geographic industry or region. 
 Our indebtedness could lead to adverse consequences or adversely affect our financial position and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under such indebtedness, and any refinancing of this debt could be at significantly higher interest rates . 
 Our indebtedness could have important consequences, including but not limited to: 
 increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to servicing our debt, thereby reducing the availability of cash to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and investments and other general corporate purposes; and 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, challenges and opportunities, and changes in our businesses and the markets in which we operate. 
 Our ability to service our debt will depend on our future operating performance and financial results, which may be subject to factors beyond our control, including general economic, financial and business conditions. If we do not have sufficient cash flow to service our debt, we may need to refinance all or part of our existing debt, borrow more money or sell securities or assets, some or all of which may not be available to us at acceptable terms or at all. In addition, we may need to incur additional debt in the future in the ordinary course of business. Although the terms of our credit agreements and our bond indentures allow us to incur additional debt, there are limitations which may preclude us from incurring the desired amount. 
 Our current debt and any future additional debt we may incur impose, or may impose, significant operating and financial restrictions on us. In addition, our credit facilities require us to maintain specified financial covenants. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default. If a default occurs, the relevant lenders could elect to accelerate payments due. If our operating performance declines, or if we are unable to comply with any covenant, we may need to obtain amendments to our credit agreements or waivers from the lenders to avoid default. These factors could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We may be unable to win new contract awards if we cannot provide clients with financial assurances. 
 It is a common industry practice for clients to require us to provide surety bonds, letters of credit, bank guarantees or other forms of financial assurance as credit enhancements. Surety bonds, letters of credit or guarantees indemnify our clients if we fail to perform our contractual obligations. Historically, we have had strong surety bonding capacity due to our credit ratings, but bonding is provided at the surety's sole discretion. In addition, because of the overall limitations in worldwide bonding capacity, we may find it difficult to access sufficient surety bonding capacity to meet our total surety bonding needs. For letters of credit, we have historically had adequate capacity under our existing credit facilities, but any capacity that may be required in excess of our credit limits would be at our lenders' sole discretion. Failure to provide credit enhancements on terms required by a client may result in an inability to compete for or win a project. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 We are involved in litigation and regulatory proceedings, potential liability claims and contract disputes that may have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to a variety of legal or regulatory proceedings, liability claims or contract disputes. Our operating activities expose us to claims against us by clients, subcontractors or suppliers for recovery of costs they incurred in excess of what they expected to incur, or for which they believe they are not contractually liable. We may be named as a defendant in legal proceedings where parties may make a claim for damages or other remedies with respect to our projects or other matters, including shareholder litigation. During times of economic uncertainty, especially with regard to our commodity-based clients, claim frequencies and amounts tend to increase. 
 In proceedings where it is determined that we have liability, we may not be covered by insurance or these liabilities may exceed our coverage. In addition, even where insurance is maintained for such exposure, the policies have deductibles resulting in our assuming exposure for a layer of coverage with respect to any such claims. Our professional liability coverage is on a "claims-made" basis covering only claims actually made during the policy period. Any liability not covered by our insurance, in excess of our insurance limits or, if covered by insurance but subject to a high deductible, could have a material adverse impact on us. 
 We have received subpoenas from both the SEC and the DOJ seeking documents and information related to projects for which we recorded charges in the second quarter of 2019 and certain project accounting, financial reporting and governance matters. These matters remain unresolved, and we have continued to cooperate and engage with the SEC and DOJ regarding these investigations. If the SEC or DOJ commences legal action as a result of the investigations, we could be required to pay significant penalties and become subject to injunctions, cease and desist orders and other measures. We cannot predict the outcome or timing of any governmental or regulatory investigation. 
 In addition to these investigations, we have also had numerous securities class action lawsuits and stockholder derivative actions filed against us and certain of our current and former executives and directors. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 We may incur significant expenses related to legal, accounting, and other professional services in connection with the SEC investigation, the DOJ investigation, lawsuits and related legal and regulatory matters. These expenses and the diversion of our management's attention has adversely affected, and could continue to adversely affect, our operations. 
 We remain exposed to heightened risks of litigation, regulatory proceedings, and government enforcement actions and additional subpoenas. Any future investigations or additional lawsuits may have a material adverse effect on us. 
 In other legal or regulatory proceedings, liability claims or contract disputes, we may be covered by indemnification agreements that may at times be difficult to enforce. Even if enforceable, it may be difficult to recover under these agreements if the indemnitor does not have the ability to financially support the indemnity. Litigation and regulatory proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable rulings could occur, including for monetary damages. If we were to receive an unfavorable ruling in a matter, our business and results of operations could be materially harmed. Such proceedings can also be costly, time-consuming, disruptive to operations and distracting to management, regardless of the outcome. 
 Our failure to recover adequately on claims against clients, subcontractors or suppliers for payment or performance could have a material effect on our financial results. 
 We occasionally bring claims against clients for additional costs exceeding the contract price or for amounts not included in the original contract price. Similarly, we present change orders and claims to our subcontractors and suppliers. If we fail to properly provide notice or document the nature of change orders or claims, or are otherwise unsuccessful in negotiating a reasonable settlement, we could incur reduced profits, cost overruns and in some cases a loss on the project. These types of claims can occur due to matters such as owner-caused delays or changes from the initial project scope, which result in additional cost. These claims can result in lengthy and costly proceedings, and it is often difficult to accurately predict when these claims will be fully resolved. When these types of events occur and while unresolved claims are pending, we may invest significant working capital in projects to cover cost overruns pending the resolution of the relevant claims. A failure to promptly recover on these types of claims could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity and financial results. 
 We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws. 
 The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010 and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to officials or others for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. While our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws, we operate in many parts of the world that have experienced corruption to some degree and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. We train our personnel concerning anti-bribery laws and issues, and we also inform our partners, subcontractors, suppliers, agents and others who work for us or on our behalf that they must comply with anti-bribery law requirements. We also have procedures and controls in place to monitor compliance. However, there is no assurance that our internal controls will always protect us from the possible reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or agents. If we are found to be liable for anti-bribery law violations (either due to our own acts or our inadvertence, or due to the acts or inadvertence of others including our partners, agents, subcontractors or suppliers), we could suffer from criminal or civil penalties or other sanctions, including contract cancellations or debarment, and damaged reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Litigation or investigations relating to alleged or suspected violations of anti-bribery laws, even if ultimately such litigation or investigations demonstrate that we did not violate anti-bribery laws, could be costly and could distract management. 
 We could be adversely impacted if we fail to comply with domestic and international import and export laws. 
 Our global operations require importing and exporting goods and technology across international borders on a regular basis. Our policies mandate strict compliance with U.S. and foreign international trade laws. To the extent we export technical services, data and products outside of the U.S., we are subject to regulations governing international trade and exports including but not limited to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, the Export Administration Regulations and trade sanctions against embargoed countries, which are administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control within the Department of Treasury. From time to time, we identify certain inadvertent or potential export or related violations. These violations may include, for example, transfers without required governmental authorization. A failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in civil or criminal sanctions, including the imposition of fines, the denial of export privileges, and suspensi on or debarment from participation in U.S. government contracts. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Employee, agent or partner misconduct or our overall failure to comply with laws or regulations could impair our ability to compete for contracts 
 Misconduct, fraud, non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations, or other improper activities by one of our employees, agents or partners could have a significant negative impact on our business and reputation. Such misconduct could include the failure to comply with anti-corruption, export control and environmental regulations; federal procurement regulations, regulations regarding the pricing of labor and other costs in government contracts and regulations regarding the protection of sensitive government information; regulations on lobbying or similar activities; regulations pertaining to the internal control over financial reporting; and various other applicable laws or regulations. The precautions we take to prevent and detect fraud, misconduct or failures to comply with applicable laws and regulations may not be effective, and we could face u nknown risks or losses. Failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations or acts of fraud or misconduct could subject us to fines and penalties, loss of security clearance and suspension or debarment from contracting with government agencies, which could weaken our ability to win contracts and have a material adverse impact on our revenues and profits. 
 New or changing legal requirements could adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our business and results of operations could be affected by the passage of laws, policies and regulations. The implementation of trade barriers, countervailing duties, or border taxes, or the addition, relaxation or repeal of laws, policies and regulations regarding the industries and sectors in which we work could result in a decline in demand for our services, or may make the manner in which we perform our services, less profitable. Furthermore, changes to existing trade agreements may impact our business operations. We cannot predict when or whether any of these various legislative and regulatory proposals may become law or what their effect will be on us and our clients. 
 Past and future environmental, safety and health regulations could impose significant additional costs on us that reduce our profits. 
 We are subject to numerous environmental laws and health and safety regulations. Our projects can involve the handling of hazardous and other highly regulated materials, including nuclear and other radioactive materials, which, if improperly handled or disposed of, could subject us to civil and criminal liabilities. It is impossible to reliably predict the full nature and effect of judicial, legislative or regulatory developments relating to health and safety regulations and environmental protection regulations applicable to our operations. The applicable regulations, as well as the length of time available to comply with those regulations, continue to develop and change. The cost of complying with regulations, satisfying any environmental remediation requirements for which we may be found responsible, or satisfying claims or judgments alleging personal injury, property damage or natural resource damages as a result of exposure to, or contamination by, hazardous materials, including as a result of commodities such as lead or asbestos-related products, could be substantial, may not be covered by insurance, could impact profitability and materially impact our operations. 
 We are subject to a number of regulations such as those from the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission and non-U.S. regulatory bodies, such as the International Atomic Energy Commission and the European Union, which can have a substantial effect on our nuclear operations and investments. Delays in receiving necessary approvals, permits or licenses, the failure to maintain sufficient compliance programs, and other problems encountered during construction (including changes to such regulatory requirements) could have an adverse effect on us. 
 A substantial portion of our business is generated either directly or indirectly as a result of federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations related to environmental matters. A reduction in the number or scope of these laws or regulations, or changes in government policies regarding the funding, implementation or enforcement of such laws and regulations, could significantly reduce the size of one of our markets and limit our opportunities for growth or reduce our revenue below current levels. 
 Risks Related to Strategic Plans and Mergers Acquisitions 
 We may be unsuccessful in implementing our strategic and operational initiatives. 
 We have announced a number of strategic and operational initiatives designed to optimize costs and improve operational efficiency, including plans to divest our Stork and equipment businesses, reduce our ownership of NuScale, monetize surplus real estate and non-core investments, and rationalize resources and overhead across various geographies. Our ability to successfully execute these initiatives is subject to various risks and uncertainties, including regulatory intervention, which may negatively impact the realization of expected benefits. Our failure to realize the anticipated benefits, which may be due to our inability to execute, competition, economic conditions, and other risks described herein, could have a material adverse effect on us. Divesting businesses involves risks and uncertainties, such as the difficulty separating assets related to such businesses from the businesses we retain, employee distraction, the need to obtain regulatory approvals and other third-party consents, which potentially disrupts customer and vendor relationships, and the fact that we may be subject 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 to additional tax obligations or loss of certain tax benefits. Such actions also involve significant costs and require time and attention of our management, which may divert attention from other business operations. Because of these challenges, as well as market conditions or other factors, anticipated divestitures may take longer or be costlier or generate fewer benefits than expected and may not be completed at all. If we are unable to complete the divestitures or to successfully transition divested businesses, our business and financial results could be negatively impacted. If we dispose of a business, w e may not be able to successfully cause a buyer of a divested business to assume the liabilities of that business or, even if such liabilities are assumed, we may have difficulties enforcing our rights, contractual or otherwise, against the buyer. W e may retain exposure on financial or performance guarantees and other contractual, employment, pension and severance obligations, and potential liabilities that may arise under law because of the disposition or the subsequent failure of an acquirer. As a result, performance by the divested businesses or other conditions outside of our control could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, the divestiture of any business could negatively impact our profitability because of losses that may result from such a sale, the loss of revenues or a decrease in cash flows. Following a divestiture, we may also have less diversification in our business and in the markets we serve, as well as in our client base . 
 We may be unsuccessful integrating acquisitions or capitalizing on investments we make. 
 In making an acquisition or investment, we devote significant management attention and resources to integrating or aligning the business practices and operations of companies we acquire or invest in. Difficulties we may encounter in integrating or capitalizing on investments could include: 
 A delay in the integration or alignment of management teams, strategies, operations, products and services; 
 Diversion of management's attention; 
 The consequences of a change in tax treatment; 
 Differences in corporate culture and management philosophies; 
 The ability to retain key personnel; 
 The challenges of integrating or aligning complex IT systems; and 
 Potential for unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses or associated delays, including integration costs. 
 Any of these factors could negatively affect us. 
 Risks Related to our Preferred Stock and our Equity 
 Conversion of our CPS will dilute the ownership interest of existing common stockholders or may otherwise depress the price of our common stock. 
 In May 2021, we issued shares of Series A CPS. The conversion of some or all of the preferred stock into our common stock will dilute the ownership interests of existing common stockholders. Any public market sales of the common stock issued as a result of conversion could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Our CPS has rights, preferences and privileges that are not held by, and are preferential to the rights of, our common stockholders, which could adversely affect the value of the common stock, our liquidity and our financial condition. 
 Holders of our preferred stock have the right to receive a payment of 1,000 per share, plus accumulated but unpaid dividends, upon our liquidation, winding up or dissolution before any payment may be made to holders of our common stock. In addition, dividends on the preferred stock accrue and are cumulative at an annual rate of 6.50 . Subject to certain exceptions, we are not permitted to declare or pay dividends on our common stock unless all accumulated and unpaid preferred stock dividends have been satisfied. These dividend obligations could impact our liquidity available for other purposes. 
 If dividends on the preferred stock are in arrears and unpaid for six or more quarterly dividend periods, the preferred stockholders are entitled to elect two additional directors to our board of directors. In addition, votes of holders of at least 66 of the outstanding preferred stock are required to issue any equity senior to the preferred stock. 
 The rights of the preferred stockholders could also limit our ability to obtain additional financing, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. The preferred stockholders could also have divergent interests from the holders of our common stock. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Provisions attendant to our CPS deter or prevent a business combination that may be favorable to our stockholders. 
 If a make-whole fundamental change occurs, we may be required to increase the conversion rate for an electing holder. This and other provisions attendant to the preferred stock could deter or prevent a third party from acquiring us even when the acquisition may be favorable to our common stockholders. 
 If we issue additional equity securities, stockholders' ownership percentages would be diluted. 
 We may in the future issue additional equity securities to pay for potential acquisitions or to otherwise fund our corporate initiatives. If we do issue additional equity securities, the issuance may dilute our earnings per share and stockholders' percentage ownership. 
 Delaware law and our charter documents may impede or discourage a takeover or change of control. 
 Fluor is a Delaware corporation. Various anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law impose impediments on the ability of others to acquire control of us, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our stockholders. In addition, certain provisions of our charters and bylaws may impede or discourage a takeover. For example: 
 stockholders may not act by written consent; 
 there are various restrictions on the ability of a stockholder to call a special meeting or to nominate a director for election; and 
 our Board of Directors can authorize the issuance of preferred shares. 
 These types of provisions in our charters and bylaws could also make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if the acquisition would be beneficial to our equity holders. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Major Facilities 
 Our operations are conducted at both owned and leased properties in U.S. and foreign locations totaling approximately 7 million re ntable square feet, up 0.2 million square feet from last year. Our executive offices are located at 6700 Las Colinas Boulevard, Irving, Texas. As our business frequently changes, the extent of utilization of the facilities by particular segments cannot be accurately stated. In addition, certain of our properties are leased or subleased to third party tenants. While we have operations worldwide, the following summarizes our more significant existing facilities: 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Location Interest United States: Greenville, South Carolina Owned Houston (Sugar Land), Texas Leased Irving, Texas (Corporate Headquarters) Owned Southern California (Aliso Viejo and Long Beach) Leased Canada: Calgary, Alberta Owned Vancouver, British Columbia Leased Latin America: Santiago, Chile Owned and Leased Europe, Africa and Middle East: Al Khobar, Saudi Arabia Owned Amsterdam, the Netherlands Owned Farnborough, England Owned and Leased Gliwice, Poland Owned Johannesburg, South Africa Leased Utrecht, the Netherlands Leased Asia/Asia Pacific: Manila, the Philippines Owned and Leased New Delhi, India Leased Perth, Australia Leased Shanghai, China Leased 
 In addition, we lease or own a number of individually insignificant offices, warehouses and equipment yards strategically located throughout the world. We also own or lease fabrication yards in China and Mexico through various joint ventures. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 As part of our normal business activities, we are party to a number of legal proceedings and other matters in various stages of development. We periodically assess our liabilities and contingencies for these matters based upon the latest information available. 
 For information on legal proceedings and matters in dispute, see the Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 None. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "FLR." 
 We have paid no dividends on our common stock since April 2020. Any future cash dividends will depend upon our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements and such other factors as our Board of Directors may deem relevant. 
 At January 31, 2023, there were 4,041 st ockholders of record of our common stock. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table provides information for the three months ended December 31, 2022 about purchases by the company of equity securities that have been registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum 
 Number of 
 Shares that May 
 Yet Be Purchased 
 Under Plans or 
 Programs (1) 
 October 1 October 31, 2022 10,513,093 November 1 November 30, 2022 10,513,093 December 1 December 31, 2022 10,513,093 Total 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) The share repurchase program, as amended, totals 34,000,000 shares. We may repurchase shares from time to time in open market transactions or privately negotiated transactions, including through pre-arranged trading programs, at our discretion, subject to market conditions and other factors and at such time and in amounts that we deem appropriate. 
 Performance Graph 
 Set forth below is a performance graph comparing the cumulative total return (assuming reinvestment of dividends), in U.S. Dollars, for the calendar years ended December 31, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022 of 100 invested on December 31, 2017 in our common stock, the S P MidCap 400 Index and the Dow Jones Heavy Construction Industry Group Index. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Fluor Corporation 100.00 63.39 38.34 32.78 50.84 71.13 S P MidCap 400 Index 100.00 88.90 112.17 127.48 159.01 138.18 Dow Jones Heavy Construction Industry Group Index 100.00 73.89 99.12 120.35 180.21 207.33 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements. 
 Results of Operations 
 During the first quarter of 2022, we determined that our Stork business and the remaining unsold AMECO equipment business no longer met all of the requirements to be classified as Disc Ops, primarily as a result of uncertainties related to the timing of this sale. Therefore, both Stork and the remaining AMECO business are reported as Cont Ops for all periods presented and included in our Other segment. 
 In the second quarter of 2022, NuScale became a public company (NYSE ticker:SMR) through a reverse recapitalization with a public shell company. We continue to control and consolidate NuScale. 
 In the third quarter of 2022, we agreed to arrangements to facilitate the sail away of a legacy upstream project from the fabrication yard in China. These agreements reduced our exposure to liquidated damages and created partially client funded incentives for the fabricator. Sail away was accomplished during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Infrastructure business line progressed commercial resolution of various claims on several projects. A global claim for time and cost relief was submitted to the client on an international bridge project and agreements in principle for schedule relief were achieved on two other domestic infrastructure projects. These actions resulted in a reduction of risk related to the exposure to liquidated damages in the project forecasts. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Energy Solutions 5,872 4,956 5,271 Urban Solutions 3,921 4,416 5,854 Mission Solutions 2,289 3,063 3,033 Other 1,662 1,721 1,630 Total revenue 13,744 14,156 15,788 Segment profit (loss) and margin Energy Solutions 301 5.1 250 5.0 169 3.2 Urban Solutions 3 0.1 38 0.9 161 2.8 Mission Solutions 136 5.9 155 5.1 87 2.9 Other (13) NM (28) NM (75) NM Total segment profit (loss) and margin (1) 
 427 3.1 415 2.9 342 2.2 G A (237) (226) (215) Impairment 24 (290) (380) Gain (loss) on pension settlement 42 (198) Foreign currency gain (loss) 25 (13) (47) Interest income (expense), net 35 (73) (46) Earnings (loss) from Cont Ops attributable to NCI (72) 39 68 Earnings (loss) from Cont Ops before taxes 244 (346) (278) Income tax (expense) benefit (171) (20) (23) Net earnings (loss) from Cont Ops 73 (366) (301) Less: Net earnings (loss) from Cont Ops attributable to NCI (72) 39 68 Net earnings (loss) from Cont Ops attributable to Fluor 145 (405) (369) Less: Dividends on CPS 39 24 Net earnings (loss) from Cont Ops available to Fluor common stockholders 106 (429) (369) New awards Energy Solutions 6,511 3,313 2,013 Urban Solutions 6,799 2,721 3,563 Mission Solutions 5,347 2,718 1,883 Other 1,158 1,218 1,546 Total new awards 19,815 9,970 9,005 New awards related to projects located outside of the U.S. 46 61 58 (in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Backlog Energy Solutions 9,134 9,324 Urban Solutions 9,900 7,048 Mission Solutions 5,666 2,562 Other 1,349 1,866 Total backlog 26,049 20,800 Backlog related to projects located outside of the U.S. 49 65 Backlog related to lump-sum projects 37 59 
 (1) Total segment profit (loss) is a non-GAAP financial measure. We believe that total segment profit (loss) provides a meaningful perspective on our results as it is the aggregation of individual segment profit (loss) measures that we use to evaluate and manage our performance. 
 During the first quarter of 2022, we suspended any new investment in our Russian operations. We have evaluated our financial exposure through December 31, 2022 and do not believe that, should existing conditions in Eastern Europe persist, 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 we would have a material impairment of our assets. Our backlog on projects in the impacted region is not significant to future revenue or margin. We continue to monitor the circumstances in Eastern Europe and wind down our existing contractual obligations while complying with all regulatory limitations placed on new and existing business for projects and clients based in the region. 
 While we experienced reductions in demand for certain services and the delay or abandonment of ongoing or anticipated projects during the COVID pandemic, our ability to win work was not materially impacted by COVID during 2022. Although many of our projects are in a state we consider normal, we continue to deal with the effects of COVID on our operating results as our estimates are inclusive of COVID effects and client recoveries. 
 During 2022, consolidated revenue declined slightly due to volume declines on projects which were completed or nearing completion in the Urban Solutions and Mission Solutions segments. During 2021, consolidated revenue declined due to volume declines on projects which were completed or nearing completion in the Energy Solutions and Urban Solutions segments as well as the cancellation of three large projects that were in progress in the prior year. 
 Segment profit for 2022 was relatively flat compared to 2021. During 2021, improvements in segment profit in the Energy Solutions, Mission Solutions and Other segments were partially offset by a significant decline in segment profit for Urban Solutions where we recognized a 138 million charge for procurement and subcontractor cost growth on a legacy infrastructure project. 
 The effective tax rate from Cont Ops was 70 , (6 and (8 for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. A reconciliation of U.S. statutory federal income tax expense (benefit) to income tax expense (benefit) from Cont Ops follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 U.S. statutory federal tax expense (benefit) 51 (73) (58) Increase (decrease) in taxes resulting from: State and local income taxes 12 (12) Other permanent items, net 10 36 NCI 15 (7) (9) Foreign tax differential, net (106) (11) 38 Valuation allowance, net 194 103 167 Other changes to uncertain tax positions 1 7 Stranded tax effects from AOCI (52) CARES Act benefit 2 2 (125) Other, net 5 9 15 Total income tax expense 171 20 23 
 Our results were significantly impacted by evolving foreign currency rates in 2022. During 2022, the U.S. dollar appreciated significantly against the Euro, the British Pound and the Canadian Dollar. 
 Our profit margin percentages, in some cases, may be favorably or unfavorably impacted by a change in the amount of CFM, which are accounted for as pass-through costs. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 The increase in backlog resulted from significant new awards booked during 2022, particularly during the third quarter. Although backlog reflects business that is considered to be firm, cancellations, deferrals or scope adjustments may occur. Backlog is adjusted to reflect any known project cancellations, revisions to project scope and cost, foreign currency exchange fluctuations and project deferrals, as appropriate. Backlog differs from RUPO discussed elsewhere. RUPO includes only the amount of revenue we expect to recognize under contracts with definite terms and substantive termination provisions. 
 Impairment 
 Impairment expense, included in Cont Ops, for 2022, 2021 and 2020 is summarized as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Impairment: Goodwill associated with the Other reporting unit 40 13 169 Intangible customer relationship associated with Stork 27 Energy Solutions' equity method investments 28 86 Information technology assets 16 16 Fair value adjustment of Stork and AMECO assets (63) 233 74 Total impairment (24) 290 372 
 During 2022, we reversed 63 million of impairment originally recognized in 2021 when our Stork and AMECO businesses were classified as held for sale. The reversal relates primarily to remeasurement under held-and-used impairment criteria, for which CTA balances are excluded from carrying value. 
 Gain (Loss) on Pension Settlement 
 In 2021, we settled the majority of the obligations of our largest DB plan, which provided retirement benefits to certain employees in the Netherlands, and recognized a loss on settlement of 198 million. In 2022, we finalized the settlement of the remaining obligations of this plan and recognized a gain on settlement of 42 million. 
 Segment Operations 
 We provide professional services in the fields of EPC, fabrication and modularization, and project management services, on a global basis and serve a diverse set of industries worldwide. 
 Energy Solutions 
 Revenue in 2022 increased due to the ramp up of execution activities on a chemicals project in China, recently awarded mid-scale LNG projects and refinery projects in Mexico partially offset by declines in the volume of execution activity for projects nearing completion. Revenue in 2021 decreased due to declines in the volume of execution activities for projects nearing completion and the cancellation of a chemicals project in North America partially offset by the ramp up of execution activities on a refinery project in Mexico and a chemicals project in China. 
 Segment profit in 2022 was higher due to an increase in execution activities and volume from new and existing LNG projects as well as the ramp up of execution activities on the chemicals project in China and the refinery projects in Mexico partially offset by declines in the volume of execution activity for projects nearing completion. The increase in segment profit in 2022 was further driven by adjustments to our COVID-related positions on a project. Segment profit in 2021 increased due to the ramp up of execution activities on the refinery project in Mexico and the LNG project in Canada and the collection of previously reserved accounts receivable but was partially offset by losses on embedded foreign currency derivatives, the decline in execution activity for projects nearing completion and the cancellation of the chemicals project in North America. The change in segment profit margin in 2022 and 2021 reflects these same factors. 
 New awards in 2022 increased due to a large award for a chemicals project in China and mid-scale LNG projects in North America. New awards in 2021 increased due to awards for a refinery project in Mexico. No significant awards were booked in 2020 due to the impact of COVID and declining oil prices on our customers' capital spend. Backlog in 2022 remained relatively flat. Backlog decreased during 2021 primarily due to the cancellation of the chemicals project in North America. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Urban Solutions 
 Revenue in 2022 decreased primarily due to the completion of three large mining projects partially offset by increased execution activities on a life sciences project and a mining project in South America. Revenue in 2021 decreased due to the close out of data center projects in Europe and mining projects in South America and Australia as well as the cancellation of a rail project and a steel project that were in progress in the prior year periods. 
 Segment profit in 2022 reflects a 86 million charge for additional rework and schedule delays on a highway project, a 54 million charge for cost growth and delay mitigation costs on an international bridge project and a 35 million charge for subcontractor cost escalation and productivity estimates on an automated people mover project. The decline in segment profit in 2022 was partially offset by a gain on the sale of the majority of our interest in an infrastructure joint venture. Segment profit in 2021 reflects a charge of 138 million for procurement and subcontractor cost growth, delays and disruptions in schedule on the international bridge project. The decline in segment profit in 2021 was further impacted by forecast revisions for schedule delays and productivity on a light rail project but partially offset by the favorable resolution of a long-standing customer dispute on a road project as well as a gain on the sale of our interest in an infrastructure joint venture. The change in 2022 and 2021 segment profit margin reflects the same factors affecting segment profit. 
 New awards in 2022 increased due to a large metals project in the U.S., mining projects in Australia and Greece and a highway project in Texas. New awards in 2021 decreased partly due to delayed procurement efforts by many of our clients. New awards in 2021 included a large life sciences project in Europe. New awards in 2020 included a highway project in Texas. Backlog increased during 2022 due to the new award activity. Backlog declined during 2021 due to the cancellation of a steel project coupled with lower new awards. Our staffing business does not report new awards or backlog. 
 Mission Solutions 
 Revenue in 2022 decreased primarily due to the completion of a DOE contract in 2021, the completion of a contingency and humanitarian support project in the first quarter of 2022 and the closure of LOGCAP in Afghanistan partially offset by increased execution activities on three DOE contracts. Revenue in 2021 was flat compared to 2020. In 2021, the ramp up of execution activities on a contingency and humanitarian support project was offset by the decline in revenue related to the closure of LOGCAP in Afghanistan. 
 The decrease in segment profit in 2022 was driven by the closure of LOGCAP in Afghanistan, the completion of the DOE contract in 2021 and the completion of the contingency and humanitarian support project in the first quarter of 2022 partially offset by the favorable resolution of close out items on the completed Army Corps of Engineers project. The increase in segment profit in 2021 was driven by the ramp up of execution activities on the evacuee support project discussed above, increased execution activity on our DOE projects, higher than anticipated performance-based fees, the release of COVID cost reserves and the collection of previously reserved accounts receivable and the reversal of the related provision partially offset by the closure of the army logistics and life support program in Afghanistan. The change in segment profit margin in 2022 and 2021 reflects these same factors. 
 New awards in 2022 increased due to a 4-year contract extension on the DOE Savannah River Site. New awards in 2021 increased due to extensions on certain DOE projects as well as the award for contingency and humanitarian support for Afghan evacuees. During 2022, the NNSA canceled a significant management and operating contract for two facilities that was previously awarded to a Fluor-led team. We intend to re-bid on the now separate site contacts. Backlog increased during 2022 due to the significant award mentioned above. Backlog included 3.9 billion and 445 million of unfunded government contracts as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Unfunded backlog reflects our estimate of future revenue under awarded government contracts for which funding has not yet been appropriated. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Other 
 Other includes the operations of NuScale, Stork and the remaining AMECO business. YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 NuScale (1) 
 (73) (69) (84) Stork 59 35 (6) AMECO 1 6 15 Segment profit (loss) (13) (28) (75) (1) NuScale expenses included in the determination of segment profit were as follows: 
 NuScale expenses (179) (169) (159) Less: DOE reimbursable expenses 74 69 71 NuScale expenses, net (105) (100) (88) Less: Attributable to NCI 32 31 4 NuScale profit (loss) (73) (69) (84) 
 The increase in NuScale expenses during 2022 and 2021 was primarily due to an increase in compensation. 2022 also had a slight increase in insurance and R D. Costs directly related to the reverse recapitalization were recorded as equity. NuScale received capital contributions from outside investors of 193 million during 2021. As of December 31, 2022, Fluor had an approximate 56 ownership in NuScale. During 2022, Stork sold land lease rights in Europe and recognized a gain of 18 million. 
 G A YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 G A Compensation 145 164 122 SEC investigation / Internal review costs 38 27 42 Facilities 16 14 15 Exit costs 7 Reserve for legacy legal claims 5 Severance 1 8 4 Gain on sale of land and buildings (11) (13) Other 36 26 32 G A 237 226 215 
 The decrease in compensation expense in 2022 compared to 2021 was driven by 6 million of salary reductions associated with lower headcount and 10 million in lower incentive compensation for our executives. The increase in compensation expense in 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily due to higher stock price driven compensation and higher performance-based compensation including annual bonus projections. 
 We continue to incur professional fees associated with the SEC investigation. The internal review began in the first quarter of 2020 and was substantially completed in the fourth quarter of 2020. 
 Net Interest Income (Expense) 
 The increase in net interest income during 2022 was primarily due to an increase in interest rates on cash deposits including at our joint ventures in Canada and Mexico as well as the redemption of 509 million of 2023 and 2024 Notes in the latter half of 2021. The increase in net interest expense during 2021 was driven by a loss of 20 million on the debt redemption as well as costs to refinance our credit facility. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Our significant accounting policies are described in the notes to our financial statements. The preparation of our financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Estimates are based on information available through the 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 date of the issuance of the financial statements and, accordingly, actual results in future periods could differ from these estimates. Significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements apply to the following critical accounting policies: 
 Revenue Recognition for Long-Term Contracts. We recognize our engineering and construction contract revenue over time as we provide services to satisfy our performance obligations. We generally use the cost-to-cost percentage-of-completion measure of progress as it best depicts how control transfers to our clients. The cost-to-cost approach measures progress towards completion based on the ratio of cost incurred to date compared to total estimated contract cost. Use of the cost-to-cost measure of progress requires us to prepare estimates of total expected revenue and cost to complete our projects. 
 CFM are included in revenue and cost of revenue when (1) we believe that we are acting as a principal rather than as an agent, (2) the contract includes construction activity and (3) we have visibility into the amount the customer is paying for the materials or there is a reasonable basis for estimating the amount. If we lose visibility mid-project, we cease recognizing future CFM but do not de-recognize previous amounts of CFM. 
 Due to the nature of our industry, there is significant complexity in our estimation of total expected revenue and cost, for which we must make significant judgments. Our contracts with our customers may contain several types of variable consideration, including claims, unpriced change orders, award and incentive fees, liquidated damages and penalties or other provisions that can either increase or decrease the contract price to arrive at estimated revenue. These variable amounts generally are awarded upon achievement of certain performance metrics, program milestones or cost targets and can be based upon customer discretion. We estimate variable consideration at the most likely amount to which we expect to be entitled upon completion of a project. We include estimated amounts in the transaction price to the extent it is probable we will realize that amount. Our estimates of variable consideration and our determination of its inclusion in project revenue are based on an assessment of our anticipated performance and other information that may be available to us. 
 At a project level, we have specific practices and procedures to review our estimate of total revenue and cost. Each project team reviews the progress and execution of our performance obligations, which impact the project s accounting outcome. As part of this process, the project team reviews information such as any outstanding key contract matters, progress towards completion and the related program schedule and identified risks and opportunities. The accuracy of our revenue and profit recognition in a given period depends on the accuracy of our project estimates, which can change from period to period due to a variety of factors including: 
 Complexity in original design; 
 Extent of changes from original design; 
 Different site conditions than assumed in our bid; 
 The productivity, availability and skill level of labor; 
 Limitations associated with workforce distancing; 
 Weather conditions when executing a project; 
 The technical maturity of the technologies involved; 
 Length of time to complete the project; 
 Availability and cost of equipment and materials; 
 Subcontractor and joint venture partner performance; 
 Expected costs of warranties; and 
 Our ability to recover for additional contract costs. 
 We recognize changes in contract estimates on a cumulative catch-up basis in the period in which the changes are identified. Such changes in contract estimates can result in the recognition of revenue in a current period for performance obligations which were satisfied or partially satisfied in prior periods. Changes in contract estimates may also result in the reversal of previously recognized revenue if the current estimate adversely differs from the previous estimate. If we estimate that a project will have costs in excess of revenue, we recognize the total loss in the period it is identified. 
 Fair Value Measurements. We are often required to use fair value measurement techniques with inputs that require the use of estimates and involve significant judgment. These circumstances include: 
 Impairment testing of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles when quantitative analysis is deemed necessary 
 Impairment testing of long-lived assets when impairment indicators are present 
 Impairment testing of investments as part of other than temporary impairment assessments when impairment indicators are present 
 Fair value assessments of businesses held for sale that are reported at fair value less cost to sell 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 When performing quantitative fair value or impairment evaluations, we estimate the fair value of our assets by considering the results of either or both income-based and market-based valuation approaches. Under the income approach, we prepare a discounted cash flow valuation model using recent forecasts and compare the estimated fair value of each asset to its carrying value. Cash flow forecasts are discounted using the appropriate weighted-average cost of capital at the date of evaluation. The weighted-average cost of capital is comprised of the cost of equity and the cost of debt with a weighting for each that reflects our current capital structure which can be significantly impacted by volatility in interest rates as seen during 2022. Preparation of long-term forecasts involve significant judgments involving consideration of our backlog, expected future awards, customer attrition, working capital assumptions, and general market trends and conditions. Significant changes in these forecasts or any valuation assumptions, such as the discount rate selected, could affect the estimated fair value of our assets and could result in impairment expenses. Under the market approach, we consider market information such as multiples of comparable publicly traded companies and/or completed sales transactions to develop or validate our fair value conclusions, when appropriate and available. 
 As part of our assessment of goodwill in 2022, we recognized impairment expense of 40 million in our Other segment. The fair value of the Other reporting unit was determined using a combination of observable level 2 inputs, including indicative offers and ongoing negotiations for the related assets. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Item is described more fully in the Notes to Financial Statements. 
 Litigation and Matters in Dispute Resolution 
 Item is described more fully in the Notes to Financial Statements. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Our liquidity arises from available cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities, cash generated from operations, capacity under our credit facilities and, when necessary, access to capital markets. We have committed and uncommitted lines of credit available for revolving loans and letters of credit. We believe that for at least the next 12 months, cash generated from operations, along with our unused credit capacity and cash position, is sufficient to support operating requirements. We regularly review our sources and uses of liquidity and may pursue opportunities to address our liquidity needs. 
 During 2022, Moody's revised our rating outlook to stable due to an improving risk and margin profile resulting from a higher proportion of reimbursable work in backlog as well as our consistent project execution. Our credit facility contains provisions that will require us to provide collateral to secure the facility should we be downgraded to BB by S P and Ba2 by Moody's, which is a two notch downgrade from our current S P credit rating of BBB- and a one notch downgrade from our current Moody's credit rating of Ba1. If we are required to provide collateral, it would consist broadly of liens on our U.S. assets. 
 In December 2022, we announced the early redemption of our 2023 Notes which totaled 129 million for their face value. This redemption was completed in January 2023, using cash on hand. We expect to address the maturity of the 2024 Notes through available liquidity, cash generated by our operations or via a new securities issue. 
 As of December 31, 2022, letters of credit totaling 394 million were outstanding under our 1.8 billion credit facility, which was amended in February 2023 to extend the maturity to February 2026. This credit facility contains customary financial covenants, including a debt-to-capitalization ratio that cannot exceed 0.60 to 1.00, a limitation on the aggregate amount of debt of the greater of 750 million or 750 million for our subsidiaries, and a minimum liquidity threshold of 1.2 billion, all as defined in the amended credit facility. Borrowings under the facility, which may be denominated in USD, EUR, GBP or CAD, bear interest at a base rate, plus an applicable borrowing margin. As of December 31, 2022 and through the issuance of this 10-K, we had not made any borrowings under our credit line and maintained a borrowing capacity of 819 million. 
 Cash and cash equivalents combined with marketable securities would have been 2.5 billion as of December 31, 2022 after the impacts of redeeming all 2023 Notes compared to 2.3 billion as of December 31, 2021. Cash balances as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 include cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities held by NuScale of 338 million and 90 million, respectively. Cash and cash equivalents are held in numerous accounts throughout the world to fund our global project execution activities. Non-U.S. cash and cash equivalents amounted to 1.1 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 992 million as of December 31, 2021. Non-U.S. cash and cash equivalents exclude deposits of U.S. legal entities that are invested in offshore, overnight accounts or short-term time deposits, to which there is unrestricted access. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 In evaluating our liquidity needs, we consider cash and cash equivalents held by our consolidated variable interest entities (joint ventures and partnerships). These amounts (which totaled 706 million and 630 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) were not necessarily readily available for general purposes. We do not include our share of cash held by our proportionately consolidated joint ventures and partnerships in our consolidated cash balances even though these amounts may be significant. We also consider the extent to which client advances (which totaled 102 million and 127 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) are likely to be sustained or consumed over the near term for project execution activities and the cash flow requirements of our various foreign operations. In some cases, it may not be financially efficient to move cash and cash equivalents between countries due to statutory dividend limitations and/or adverse tax consequences. We did not consider any cash to be permanently reinvested outside the U.S. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, other than unremitted earnings required to meet our working capital and long-term investment needs in non-U.S. foreign jurisdictions where we operate. 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING CASH FLOW 31 25 186 INVESTING CASH FLOW Proceeds from sales and maturities (purchases) of marketable securities (64) (104) (16) Capital expenditures (75) (75) (113) Proceeds from sales of assets incl. AMECO-North America 95 146 112 Investments in partnerships and joint ventures (53) (80) (29) Other 19 (9) 5 Investing cash flow (78) (122) (41) FINANCING CASH FLOW Proceeds from NuScale de-SPAC transaction 341 Proceeds from sale of NuScale interest 107 Proceeds from issuance of CPS 582 Purchases and retirement of debt (41) (525) Debt extinguishment costs (2) Dividends paid (on CPS in 2022 and 2021 and common stock in 2020) (39) (19) (29) Distributions paid to NCI (60) (109) (23) Capital contributions by NCI 21 202 110 Other (14) (7) (10) Financing cash flow 315 122 48 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash (38) (15) 9 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 230 10 202 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 2,209 2,199 1,997 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 2,439 2,209 2,199 Cash paid during the year for: Interest 54 90 66 Income taxes (net of refunds) 99 75 65 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash flows from operating activities result primarily from our EPC activities and are affected by our earnings level and changes in working capital associated with such activities. Working capital levels vary from period to period and are primarily affected by our volume of work and billing schedules on our projects. These levels are also impacted by the stage of completion and commercial terms of engineering and construction projects, as well as our execution of our projects compared to their budget. Working capital requirements also vary by project and the payments terms agreed to with our clients, vendors and subcontractors. Most contracts require payments as the projects progress. Additionally, certain projects receive advance payments from clients. A typical trend for our lump-sum projects is to have higher cash balances during the initial phases of execution due to deposits paid to us which then diminish toward the end of the construction phase. As a result, our cash position is reduced as customer advances are utilized, unless they are replaced by advances on other projects. We maintain cash reserves and borrowing facilities to provide additional working capital in the event that a project s net operating cash outflows exceed its available cash balances. As of December 31, 2022, our backlog included 1.8 billion for loss projects which may have a negative impact on our operating cash flow in future periods. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Our operating cash flow for 2022 and 2021 was negatively impacted by increases in working capital on several large projects as well as higher cash payments of G A. Operating cash flow in 2021 and 2020 were positively impacted by significant settlement payments on a cancelled rail project. Operating cash flow in 2020 was positively impacted by decreases in project working capital. Our operating cash flow is typically lower in the first quarter of each year due to the timing of payout of employee incentive awards from the prior year. 
 Investing Activities 
 We hold cash in bank deposits and marketable securities which are governed by our investment policy. This policy focuses on, in order of priority, the preservation of capital, maintenance of liquidity and maximization of yield. These investments may include money market funds, bank deposits placed with highly-rated financial institutions, repurchase agreements that are fully collateralized by U.S. Government-related securities, high-grade commercial paper and high quality short-term and medium-term fixed income securities. 
 Capital expenditures are primarily related to construction equipment on certain infrastructure projects as well as expenditures for facilities and investments in IT. 
 Proceeds from sales of assets during 2022 include the sale of land and the majority of our interest in an infrastructure joint venture in Canada as well as minor sales of components of Stork and AMECO. Proceeds from sales of assets during 2021 includes the sale of the North American operations of the AMECO equipment business for 71 million as well as our 10 ownership interest in an infrastructure joint venture and a building in the U.S. During 2020, we sold substantially all of the assets of our AMECO equipment business in Jamaica as well as 100 of our interest in an equipment rental business in Europe. Also in 2020, we sold our interests in two infrastructure joint ventures in the Netherlands and one infrastructure joint venture in the U.S. 
 Investments in unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures in 2022 included capital contributions to a Mission Solutions joint venture and an infrastructure joint venture. Investments in unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures in 2021 included a 26 million capital contribution to COOEC Fluor, which satisfied our contractual funding requirements, as well as capital contributions to an Energy Solutions joint venture and a recently formed Mission Solutions joint venture. Investments in unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures in 2020 included capital contributions to two infrastructure joint ventures in the United States. 
 Financing Activities 
 As a result of the reverse recapitalization, NuScale recognized cash of 341 million, consisting of 235 million in PIPE funding and 145 million in cash in trust, partially offset by transaction costs of 39 million. 
 In April 2022, we sold approximately 5 of the ownership of NuScale to Japan NuScale Innovation, LLC for 107 million, for which CFIUS completed its review in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Cumulative cash dividends on the CPS are payable at an annual rate of 6.5 quarterly in arrears on February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15, upon declaration of the dividend by our Board of Directors. Dividends accumulate from the most recent date on which dividends have been paid. First, second, third and fourth quarter CPS dividends of 10 million were paid in February, May, August and November 2022. In January 2023, our Board of Directors approved the payment of first quarter of 2023 CPS dividends of 10 million, which were paid in February 2023. 
 
 Each share of CPS is convertible at the holder's option at any time into 44.9585 shares of our common stock per share of CPS. The conversion rate is subject to certain customary adjustments, but no payment or adjustment for accumulated but unpaid dividends will be made upon conversion, subject to certain limited exceptions. The CPS may not be redeemed by us; however, we are able, since May 20, 2022, to elect to cause all outstanding shares of CPS to be converted into shares of our common stock at the conversion rate, subject to certain conditions (and, if such conversion occurs prior to May 20, 2024, the payment of a cash make-whole premium). The most significant condition to our ability to invoke a conversion prior to May 2024 is the requirement that our common stock trade above 28.92 for 20 consecutive trading days, which occurred in the fourth quarter of 2022 and has persisted into 2023. We estimate that the cash make-whole payment would have been 72 million at December 31, 2022 (assuming we minimally exceed the minimum trading price to invoke the conversion) or 64 million (using the average 5-day trading price leading up to December 31, 2022). If we elect to convert, we would avoid 39 million of annual dividends associated with the CPS. If a make-whole fundamental change, as defined in the certificate of designations for the CPS, occurs, we will in certain circumstances be required to increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert shares of CPS in connection with such make-whole fundamental change. 
 Dividends on our CPS of 39 million were paid in 2022. Quarterly cash dividends of 0.10 per common share were paid in the first and second quarters of 2020 before we suspended our common stock dividend in April 2020. The payment and level of future cash dividends is subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 During 2022, we redeemed 41 million of aggregate outstanding 2023 Notes, with an immaterial earnings impact. In December 2022, we notified the remaining holders that we would call the remaining 129 million of outstanding 2023 Notes in January 2023, which was completed as anticipated with no earnings impact for 140 million. 
 In September 2021, we completed a tender offer in which we repurchased 375 million of 2023 Notes and 108 million of 2024 Notes, excluding accrued interest. Additionally, we redeemed 26 million of outstanding 2023 and 2024 Notes in open market transactions during 2021. We recognized 20 million in losses related to these redemptions which was included in interest expense. 
 Other borrowings (debt repayments) represent short-term bank loans and other financing arrangements associated with Stork. 
 Distributions paid to holders of NCI represent cash outflows to partners of consolidated partnerships or joint ventures created primarily for the execution of single contracts or projects. Distributions in 2022 primarily related to a transportation joint venture. Distributions in 2021 primarily related to a transportation joint venture project in the United States. Distributions in 2020 primarily related to a mining joint venture project in Chile. 
 Capital contributions by NCI during 2021 primarily related to new investments totaling 193 million by NuScale's NCI holders. 
 We have a common stock repurchase program, authorized by our Board of Directors, to purchase shares in the open market or privately negotiated transactions at our discretion. As of December 31, 2022, over 10 million shares could still be purchased under the existing stock repurchase program, although we do not have any immediate intent to begin such repurchases. 
 Letters of Credit 
 As of December 31, 2022, letters of credit totaling 394 million were outstanding under committed lines of credit and letters of credit totaling 909 million were outstanding under uncommitted lines of credit. Letters of credit are ordinarily provided to indemnify our clients if we fail to perform our obligations under our contracts. Surety bonds may be used as an alternative to letters of credit. 
 Guarantees 
 The maximum potential amount of future payments that we could be required to make under outstanding performance guarantees, which represents the remaining cost of work to be performed, was estimated to be 15 billion as of December 31, 2022. 
 Financial guarantees, made in the ordinary course of business in certain limited circumstances, are entered into with financial institutions and other credit grantors and generally obligate us to make payment in the event of a default by the borrower. These arrangements generally require the borrower to pledge collateral to support the fulfillment of the borrower s obligation. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 We have cash and marketable securities on deposit with major banks throughout the world. Such deposits are placed with high quality institutions and the amounts invested in any single institution are limited to the extent possible in order to minimize concentration of counterparty credit risk. Marketable securities may consist of time deposits, registered money market funds, U.S. agency securities, U.S. Treasury securities, commercial paper, non-U.S. government securities and corporate debt securities. We have not incurred any credit risk losses related to deposits in cash or investments in marketable securities. 
 Certain of our contracts are subject to foreign currency risk. We limit exposure to foreign currency fluctuations in most of our contracts through provisions that specify client payments in currencies corresponding to the currency in which cost is expected to be incurred. As a result, we generally have limited situations in which we have to mitigate foreign currency exposure with derivatives. 
 Our results reported by foreign subsidiaries with non-U.S. dollar functional currencies are also affected by foreign currency volatility. When the U.S. dollar appreciates against the non-U.S. dollar functional currencies of these subsidiaries, our reported revenue, cost and earnings, after translation into U.S. dollars, are lower than what they would have been had the U.S. dollar depreciated against the same foreign currencies or if there had been no change in the exchange rates. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Our long-term debt typically features a fixed-rate coupon. Our outstanding letters of credit are locked in at credit spread, not borrowing spread. Therefore, our exposure to interest rate risk is not material. However, in the future, new debt issuances could be exposed to increasing interest rates. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 The information required by this Item is submitted as a separate section of this Form 10-K as described in Item 15. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As defined in Rule 13a-15 and 15d-15 of the Exchange Act, our management, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, is responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures. These controls and procedures should be designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the CEO and CFO, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Based on their evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate ICFR that is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. 
 Our management, including our CEO and CFO, conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our ICFR as of December 31, 2022 based upon the framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO 2013) and concluded that our ICFR was effective. 
 
 Ernst Young LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our ICFR. Their report follows this management report. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our ICFR during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our ICFR. 

44 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Fluor Corporation 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Fluor Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Fluor Corporation (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of Fluor Corporation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 21, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 
 February 21, 2023 
 45 

Table of Contents 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 On February 17, 2023, we entered into an agreement with the lenders under our 1,800,000,000 Third Amended and Restated Revolving Loan and Letter of Credit Facility Agreement dated as of February 17, 2022 among the company, BNP Paribas, as Administrative Agent, and other lenders party thereto, to extend the maturity date of the credit facility to February 17, 2026. There are no other changes to the terms and conditions of the credit facility. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons 
 The information required by Paragraph (a), and Paragraphs (c) through (g) of Item 401 of Regulation S-K (except for information required by Paragraphs (d) (f) of that Item to the extent the required information pertains to our executive officers) and Item 405 of Regulation S-K will be set forth in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year (our "Proxy Statement") and is incorporated herein by reference. The information required by Paragraph (b) of Item 401 of Regulation S-K, as well as the information required by Paragraphs (d) (f) of that Item to the extent the required information pertains to our executive officers, is set forth herein at Part I, Item 1 of this 2022 10-K under the heading "Information about our Executive Officers." 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have long maintained and enforced a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all employees, including our CEO, CFO and CAO. A copy of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics , as amended, has been posted on the "Sustainability" "Ethics and Compliance" portion of our website, www.fluor.com . 
 We have disclosed and intend to continue to disclose any changes or amendments to our code of ethics or waivers from our code of ethics applicable to our CEO, CFO and CAO by posting such changes or waivers to our website. 
 Corporate Governance 
 We have adopted corporate governance guidelines, which are available on our website at www.fluor.com under "Sustainability." Information regarding the Audit Committee is hereby incorporated by reference from the information that will be contained in our Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022 with respect to the shares of common stock that may be issued under our equity compensation plans: 
 Plan Category (a) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (c) Number of securities available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities listed in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders (1) 
 8,169,150 38.72 (3) 
 6,810,486 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders (2) 
 366,996 16.55 (3) 
 Total 8,536,146 
 6,810,486 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) Consists of (a) the Amended and Restated 2008 Executive Performance Incentive Plan, under which 2,212,038 shares are issuable upon exercise of outstanding options, and under which no shares remain for future issuance; (b) the 2017 Performance Incentive Plan, under which 1,456,884 shares are issuable upon exercise of outstanding options, 536,583 shares are issuable upon vesting of outstanding restricted stock units, 1,156,365 shares are issuable if specified performance targets are met under outstanding performance-based award units, and under which no shares remain available for issuance; (c) the 2020 Performance Incentive Plan, under which 732,282 shares are issuable upon exercise of outstanding options, 739,272 shares are issuable upon vesting of outstanding restricted stock units, 1,040,825 shares are issuable if specified performance targets are met under outstanding performance-based award units, and under which 6,810,486 remain available for issuance; (d) 12,971, 19,517 and 45,412 vested restricted stock units under the 2008 Executive Performance Plan, 2017 Performance Incentive Plan and 2020 Performance Incentive Plan, respectively, that 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 were deferred by non-associate directors participating in the 409A Director Deferred Compensation Program that are distributable in the form of shares; (e) 23,438 vested restricted stock units granted to non-associate directors under the 2017 Performance Incentive Plan that are subject to a post-vest holding period and for which shares have not been issued; and (f) 193,563 vested restricted stock units and performance-based award units deferred by executive officers under the 2008 Executive Performance Incentive Plan. 
 (2) Consists of inducement awards made to Mr. David E. Constable in connection with his appointment as CEO. 
 (3) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options only. 
 The additional information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 Information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this 2022 10-K: 
 1. Financial Statements: 
 Our consolidated financial statements at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, together with the report of our independent registered public accounting firm on those consolidated financial statements are hereby filed as part of this 2022 10-K, beginning on page F-1. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules: 
 No financial statement schedules are presented since the required information is not present or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibits: 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on May 8, 2012). 
 3.2 Certificate of Designations, Preferences, and Rights of Series A 6.50 Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on May 18, 2021). 
 3.4 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on November 4, 2022). 
 4.1 Senior Debt Securities Indenture between Fluor Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, dated as of September 8, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on September 8, 2011). 
 4.2 First Supplemental Indenture between Fluor Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, dated as of September 13, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on September 13, 2011). 
 4.3 Second Supplemental Indenture between Fluor Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, dated as of June 22, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Commission file number 333-182283) filed on June 22, 2012). 
 4.4 Third Supplemental Indenture between Fluor Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, dated as of November 25, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on November 25, 2014). 
 4.5 Fourth Supplemental Indenture between Fluor Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, dated as of March 21, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on March 21, 2016). 
 4.6 Fifth Supplemental Indenture between Fluor Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, dated as of August 29, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on August 29, 2018). 
 4.7 Description of Securities. 
 10.1 Fluor Corporation Amended and Restated 2008 Executive Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on May 3, 2013). 
 10.2 Form of Option Agreement (2015 grants) under the Fluor Corporation Amended and Restated 2008 Executive Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on April 30, 2015). 
 10.3 Form of Option Agreement (2017 grants) under the Fluor Corporation Amended and Restated 2008 Executive Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on February 17, 2017). 
 10.4 Form of Value Driver Incentive Award Agreement (2017 grants) under the Fluor Corporation Amended and Restated 2008 Executive Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on February 17, 2017). 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Description 10.5 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2017 grants) under the Fluor Corporation Amended and Restated 2008 Executive Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on February 17, 2017). 
 10.6 Fluor Corporation 2017 Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Commission file number 333-217653) filed on May 4, 2017). 
 10.7 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2020 grant) under the Fluor Corporation 2017 Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on December 10, 2020). 
 10.8 Form of Option Agreement under the Fluor Corporation 2017 Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on May 3, 2018). 
 10.9 Form of Option Agreement (2020 grant) under the Fluor Corporation 2017 Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on December 10, 2020). 
 10.10 Form of Performance Award Agreement (2020 grant) under the Fluor Corporation 2017 Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on December 10, 2020). 
 10.11 Form of Stock Growth Incentive Award Agreement (2020 grant) under the Fluor Corporation 2017 Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on December 10, 2020). 
 10.12 Fluor Corporation 2020 Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Commission file number 333-251426) filed on December 17, 2020. 
 10.13 Form of Option Agreement (2021 grant) under the Fluor Corporation 2020 Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on February 22, 2022). 
 10.14 Form of Option Agreement (2022 grant) under the Fluor Corporation 2020 Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on May 6, 2022). 
 10.15 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2021 grant) under the Fluor Corporation 2020 Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on February 22, 2022). 
 10.16 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2022 grant) under the Fluor Corporation 2020 Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on May 6, 2022). 
 10.17 Form of Performance Award Agreement (2021 grant) under the Fluor Corporation 2020 Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on February 22, 2022). 
 10.18 Form of Performance Award Agreement (2022 grant) under the Fluor Corporation 2020 Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on May 6, 2022). 
 10.19 Fluor Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective April 21, 2003 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on February 29, 2008). 
 10.20 Fluor 409A Executive Deferred Compensation Program, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on November 2, 2017). 
 10.21 Executive Severance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on February 22, 2012). 
 10.22 Offer Letter, dated October 30, 2020, between the registrant and David E. Constable (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on February 26, 2021). 
 10.23 Option Agreement, dated December 23, 2020, between the registrant and David E. Constable (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on February 26, 2021). 
 10.24 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, dated December 23, 2020, between the registrant and David E. Constable (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on February 26, 2021). 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Description 10.25 Summary of Fluor Corporation Non-Management Director Compensation. 
 10.26 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement granted to directors under the Fluor Corporation 2020 Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on February 26, 2021). 
 10.27 Fluor Corporation Deferred Directors' Fees Program, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2002 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on March 31, 2003). 
 10.28 Fluor Corporation 409A Director Deferred Compensation Program, as amended and restated effective as of November 2, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on February 17, 2017). 
 10.29 Directors' Life Insurance Summary (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the registrant's Registration Statement on Form 10/A (Amendment No. 1) (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on November 22, 2000). 
 10.30 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into between the registrant and each of its directors and executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on February 25, 2009). 
 10.31 Form of Change in Control Agreement entered into between the registrant and each of its executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on June 29, 2010). 
 10.32 1,800,000 Third Amended and Restated Revolving Loan and Letter of Credit Facility Agreement dated as of February 17 2022, among Fluor Corporation, the Lenders thereunder, BNP Paribas, as Administrative Agent and an Issuing Lender, Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, and Citibank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Co-Documentation Agents (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-16129) filed on February 8, 2022). 
 10.33 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 13, 2021, by and among Spring Valley, Merger Sub and NuScale (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-39736) filed by Spring Valley on December 14, 2021). 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the registrant. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 104 The cover page from the Company's 2022 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL (included in the Exhibit 101 attachments). 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 Exhibit filed with this report. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following documents formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (ii) the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, (iii) the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and (iv) the Consolidated Statement of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this 2022 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 FLUOR CORPORATION By: /s/ JOSEPH L. BRENNAN Joseph L. Brennan, Chief Financial Officer 
 February 21, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this 2022 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Signature Title Date Principal Executive Officer and Director: /s/ DAVID E. CONSTABLE David E. Constable Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 21, 2023 Principal Financial Officer: /s/ JOSEPH L. BRENNAN Joseph L. Brennan Chief Financial Officer February 21, 2023 Principal Accounting Officer: /s/ JOHN C. REGAN John C. Regan Chief Accounting Officer February 21, 2023 Other Directors: /s/ ALAN M. BENNETT Alan M. Bennett Director February 21, 2023 /s/ ROSEMARY T. BERKERY Rosemary T. Berkery Director February 21, 2023 /s/ H. PAULETT EBERHART H. Paulett Eberhart Director February 21, 2023 /s/ JAMES T. HACKETT James T. Hackett Director February 21, 2023 /s/ THOMAS C. LEPPERT Thomas C. Leppert Director February 21, 2023 /s/ TERI P. MCCLURE Teri P. McClure Director February 21, 2023 /s/ ARMANDO J. OLIVERA Armando J. Olivera Director February 21, 2023 /s/ MATTHEW K. ROSE Matthew K. Rose Director February 21, 2023 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Statement of Operations F- 4 
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss) F- 5 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet F- 6 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows F- 7 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity F- 8 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F- 9 

F-1 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Fluor Corporation 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Fluor Corporation (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 21, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Long-term revenue recognition on certain engineering and construction contracts Description of the Matter As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes engineering and construction contract revenue over time, due to the continuous transfer of control to the customer, based on contract cost incurred to date compared to total estimated contract cost. Revenue recognition under this method is subject to judgment as it requires management to prepare estimates of total contract revenue and costs to complete in-process contracts. 
 
 Auditing management s estimates of total contract revenue and costs on certain engineering and construction contracts which are structured under lump-sum contractual terms and are larger in size and longer in duration was complex and subjective, requiring considerable auditor judgment in the evaluation of subjective assumptions related to certain forecasted costs and variable consideration. 

F-2 

Table of Contents 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the estimation process that affect revenue recognition, including controls over management s review of project costs yet to be incurred and variable consideration estimates. 
 
 Our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the appropriate application of the Company s revenue recognition method; testing significant assumptions used to develop the estimated variable consideration and costs to complete; and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data. To assess the reasonableness of these estimates, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, agreeing the estimates to supporting documentation; conducting interviews with project personnel; observing select project review meetings; and performing sensitivity analyses or retrospective review using historical actual costs and trends. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1973. 

February 21, 2023 
 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Cost of revenue ) ) ) Gross profit G A ) ) ) Impairment ) ) Gain (loss) on pension settlement ) Foreign currency gain (loss) ) ) Operating profit (loss) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Earnings (loss) from Cont Ops before taxes ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) ) Net earnings (loss) from Cont Ops ) ) Less: Net earnings (loss) from Cont Ops attributable to NCI ) Net earnings (loss) from Cont Ops attributable to Fluor ) ) Net earnings (loss) from Disc Ops attributable to Fluor ) ) Net earnings (loss) attributable to Fluor ) ) Less: Dividends on CPS Net earnings (loss) available to Fluor common stockholders Basic EPS available to Fluor common stockholders Net earnings (loss) from Cont Ops ) ) Net earnings (loss) from Disc Ops ) ) Diluted EPS available to Fluor common stockholders Net earnings (loss) from Cont Ops ) ) Net earnings (loss) from Disc Ops ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net earnings (loss) from Cont Ops ) ) Net earnings (loss) from Disc Ops ) ) Net earnings (loss) ) ) OCI, net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Ownership share of equity method investees' OCI ) ) DB plan adjustments ) Unrealized gain (loss) on hedges ) ) Total OCI, net of tax ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Less: Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to NCI ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Fluor ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
 (in millions, except share and per share amounts) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents and related to VIEs) 
 Marketable securities and related to VIEs) 
 Accounts receivable, net and related to VIEs) 
 Contract assets and related to VIEs) 
 Other current assets and related to VIEs) 
 Total current assets Noncurrent assets PP E, net and related to VIEs) 
 Investments Deferred taxes Deferred compensation trusts Goodwill Other assets and related to VIEs) 
 Total noncurrent assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable and related to VIEs) 
 Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt Contract liabilities and related to VIEs) 
 Accrued salaries, wages and benefits and related to VIEs) 
 Other accrued liabilities and related to VIEs) 
 Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred taxes Other noncurrent liabilities and related to VIEs) 
 Contingencies and commitments Equity Shareholders' equity Preferred stock authorized shares par value); issued and outstanding shares in 2022 and 2021 
 Common stock authorized shares par value); issued and outstanding and shares in 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 APIC AOCI ) ) Retained earnings Total shareholders' equity NCI Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING CASH FLOW Net earnings (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net earnings (loss) to operating cash flow: Impairment expense - Cont Ops ) Impairment expense - Disc Ops (Gain) loss on pension settlement ) Depreciation and amortization (Earnings) loss from equity method investments, net of distributions ) ) ) (Gain) loss on sales of assets incl. AMECO-North America ) ) ) (Gain) loss on debt repurchases Stock-based compensation Deferred taxes ) Net contributions to employee pension plans ) ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities ) ) Other ) Operating cash flow INVESTING CASH FLOW Purchases of marketable securities ) ) ) Proceeds from sales and maturities of marketable securities Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of assets incl. AMECO-North America Investments in partnerships and joint ventures ) ) ) Other ) Investing cash flow ) ) ) FINANCING CASH FLOW Proceeds from NuScale de-SPAC transaction Proceeds from sale of NuScale interest Proceeds from issuance of CPS Purchases and retirement of debt ) ) Debt extinguishment costs ) Dividends paid (on CPS in 2022 and 2021 and common stock in 2020) ) ) ) Other borrowings (debt repayments) ) ) Distributions paid to NCI ) ) ) Capital contributions by NCI Other ) ) ) Financing cash flow Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital AOCI Retained Earnings Total Shareholders' Equity NCI Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount BALANCE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2019 ) Net earnings (loss) ) ) ) Cumulative adjustment for the adoption of ASC 326 ) ) ) OCI ) ) ) Dividends per share) 
 ) ) ) Capital contributions by NCI, net of distributions Other NCI transactions ) ) Stock-based plan activity BALANCE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2020 ) Net earnings (loss) ) ) ) OCI Issuance of CPS Dividends on CPS per share) 
 ) ) ) Capital contributions by NCI, net of distributions Other NCI transactions ) ) Stock-based plan activity BALANCE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2021 ) Net earnings (loss) ) OCI Dividends on CPS per share) 
 ) ) ) Distributions by NCI, net of capital contributions ) ) NuScale reverse recapitalization Sale of NuScale units to NCI Other NCI transactions Stock-based plan activity ) BALANCE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-8 

Table of Contents 

FLUOR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
 million of previously recorded impairment expense during the first quarter of 2022. While we continue to market the remaining components of Stork and AMECO for sale, it is unlikely that any eventual sales would qualify for Disc Ops. 
 
 2. 
 million of cash and the assumption of million of warrant liabilities exercisable for shares of SMR. We continue to control and consolidate NuScale. 
 Under the reverse recapitalization, NuScale was the accounting acquirer of Spring Valley which held no significant assets or liabilities requiring fair value re-assessment (outside of cash and warrant liabilities). 
 
 3. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

to days of billing, depending on the contract. 
 Service contracts. For the majority of our operations and maintenance contracts, revenue is recognized when services are performed and contractually billable. For all other service contracts, we recognize revenue over time using the cost-to-cost percentage-of-completion method. Service contracts that include multiple performance obligations are segmented between types of services. For contracts with multiple performance obligations, we allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation using an estimate of the stand-alone selling price of each distinct service in the contract. Customer payments on service contracts are typically due within 30 to 90 days of billing, depending on the contract. 
 Warranties. We generally provide limited duration warranties for work performed under our contracts. Historically, warranty claims have not resulted in material costs incurred, and any estimated costs for warranties are included in the individual project cost estimates for purposes of accounting for long-term contracts. 
 Practical Expedients. If we have a right to consideration from a customer in an amount that corresponds directly with the value of our performance completed to date (a service contract in which we bill a fixed amount for each hour of service provided), we recognize revenue in the amount to which we have a right to invoice for services performed. We do not adjust the contract price for the effects of a significant financing component where, at contract inception, the period between service provision and customer payment will be one year or less. We exclude from the measurement of the transaction price 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

additional years if renewal is considered to be probable, while RUPO includes only the amount of revenue we expect to recognize under ongoing operations and maintenance contracts with definite terms and substantive termination provisions. RUPO also includes estimates of CFM in those instances where the criteria for recognition have been satisfied. 

F-11 

Table of Contents 
 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

. Contract liabilities represent amounts billed to clients in excess of revenue recognized to date. 

F-12 

Table of Contents 
 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Building and leasehold improvements 
 Machinery and equipment 
 Furniture and fixtures 

F-13 

Table of Contents 
 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

months or leases that contain a purchase option that is reasonably certain to be exercised. Leases are classified as either finance or operating leases. This 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

years. The exercise of lease renewal options is at our discretion. Renewal periods are included in the expected lease term if we are reasonably certain we will exercise them. Certain leases also include options to purchase the leased property. None of our lease agreements contain material residual value guarantees or material restrictions or covenants. 
 
 Long-term leases (leases with terms greater than 12 months) are recorded as liabilities at the present value of the minimum lease payments not yet paid. We use our incremental borrowing rate to determine the present value of the lease when the rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. Certain lease contracts contain nonlease components such as maintenance, utilities, fuel and operator services. We recognize both the lease component and nonlease components as a single lease component for all right-of-use assets. 

4. 

F-15 

Table of Contents 
 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

5. 
 ) ) Less: Dividends on CPS Net earnings (loss) from Cont Ops available to Fluor common stockholders ) ) Net earnings (loss) from Disc Ops attributable to Fluor ) ) Net earnings (loss) available to Fluor common stockholders ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding Dilutive effect: CPS Stock options, RSUs and performance-based award units Weighted average diluted shares outstanding Basic EPS available to Fluor common stockholders: Net earnings (loss) from Cont Ops ) ) Net earnings (loss) from Disc Ops ) ) Diluted EPS available to Fluor common stockholders: Net earnings (loss) from Cont Ops ) ) Net earnings (loss) from Disc Ops ) ) Anti-dilutive securities not included in shares outstanding: CPS 
 N/A Stock options, RSUs and performance-based award units 

F-16 

Table of Contents 
 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

6. 
 Urban Solutions Mission Solutions Other Total revenue Intercompany revenue for our professional staffing business, excluded from revenue above Segment profit (loss) Energy Solutions Urban Solutions Mission Solutions Other ) ) ) Total segment profit G A ) ) ) Impairment ) ) Gain (loss) on pension settlement ) Foreign currency gain (loss) ) ) Interest income (expense), net ) ) Earnings (loss) from Cont Ops attributable to NCI ) Earnings (loss) from Cont Ops before taxes ) ) Depreciation (all but Corporate included in segment profit) Energy Solutions Urban Solutions Mission Solutions Other Corporate Total depreciation Capital expenditures Energy Solutions Urban Solutions Mission Solutions Other Corporate Total capital expenditures December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Total assets Energy Solutions Urban Solutions Mission Solutions Other Corporate Total assets Goodwill Energy Solutions Urban Solutions Mission Solutions Other Total goodwill 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

, and of our consolidated revenue during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Segment profit in 2021 included the collection of previously reserved accounts receivable and losses on embedded foreign currency derivatives. Segment profit in 2020 included the recognition of reserves totaling million for expected credit losses on aged receivables as well as margin diminution resulting from COVID related cost growth. 
 Urban Solutions. Segment profit in 2022 included a million (or per share) charge for additional rework and schedule delays on a highway project, a million (or per share) charge for cost growth and delay mitigation costs on an international bridge project and a million (or per share) charge for subcontractor cost escalation and productivity estimates on an automated people mover project. Segment profit in 2021 included forecast revisions for procurement and subcontractor cost growth, delays and disruptions in schedule on the international bridge project, resulting in a charge of million (or per share). Segment profit in 2021 also included forecast revisions for schedule delays and productivity on a light rail project, a favorable resolution of a long-standing customer dispute on a road project and a gain on the sale of our interest in an infrastructure joint venture. 
 Mission Solutions. Revenue from work performed for various agencies of the U.S. government amounted to , and of our consolidated revenue during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.) ) ) Stork ) AMECO Segment profit (loss) ) ) ) 
 In April 2022, we sold approximately of the ownership of NuScale to Japan NuScale Innovation, LLC for million, subject to CFIUS review. The sale did not trigger any recognition of gain or loss because we control and consolidate NuScale before and after the sale. We recorded million as temporary APIC on our balance sheet through September 30, 2022, pending CFIUS approval. CFIUS completed their review during the fourth quarter of 2022, and all related amounts are now reflected in APIC. NuScale received capital contributions from outside investors of million and million during 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, Fluor had an approximate ownership in NuScale. 
 Asia Pacific (includes Australia) Europe Central and South America Middle East and Africa Total 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

7. 
 Intangible customer relationship associated with Stork Energy Solutions' equity method investments Information technology assets Fair value adjustment of Stork and AMECO assets ) Total impairment ) 
 As part of our assessment of goodwill in 2022, the fair value of the Other reporting unit was determined using a combination of observable level 2 inputs, including indicative offers and ongoing negotiations for the related assets. In 2020, the fair value of the reporting units was determined using an income based approach that utilized unobservable Level 3 inputs, including significant management assumptions such as expected awards, forecasted revenue and operating margins, weighted average cost of capital, working capital assumptions and general market trends and conditions. 
 The customer relationships' valuation approach utilized unobservable Level 3 inputs including ranges of assumptions of long-term revenue growth from to with a weighted average of , weighted average cost of capital of and a customer attrition factor of . 
 During 2021 and 2020, we evaluated our significant investments and determined that certain of our investments were impaired. The fair value of these investments were determined using unobservable Level 3 inputs based on the forecast of anticipated volumes and overhead absorption in a cyclical business. 
 million of impairment originally recognized in 2021 when our Stork and AMECO businesses were classified as held for sale. The reversal relates primarily to remeasurement under held-and-used impairment criteria, for which CTA balances are excluded from carrying value. In 2021, the fair value of the Stork and AMECO assets were determined using a combination of observable level 2 inputs, including indicative offers and ongoing negotiations for the related assets. 
 
 8. 
 ) Foreign State and local ) Total current Deferred: Federal Foreign ) ) State and local Total deferred ) ) Total income tax expense 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million in 2023, of which million relates to the CARES Act. 
 
 ) ) Increase (decrease) in taxes resulting from: State and local income taxes ) Goodwill Impairment NCI ) ) Foreign tax differential, net ) ) Valuation allowance, net Other changes to uncertain tax positions Stranded tax effects from AOCI ) CARES Act benefit ) Other, net Total income tax expense 
 
 Deferred taxes reflect the tax effects of differences between the amounts recorded as assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts recognized for income tax purposes. Project and non-project reserves Net operating loss carryforward Tax basis of investment in excess of book basis, net U.S. foreign tax credit carryforward AOCI Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net Deferred tax liabilities: Book basis of property and equipment in excess of tax basis ) ) Dividend withholding on unremitted non-U.S. earnings ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we are indefinitely reinvested only with respect to unremitted earnings required to meet our working capital and long-term investment needs in the foreign jurisdictions within which we operate. Beyond those limits, we 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million have not been recorded with respect to unremitted earnings that are considered indefinitely reinvested, primarily associated with foreign withholding and income taxes that would be due upon remittance. We have no intention of initiating any actions that would lead to taxation of the earnings deemed indefinitely reinvested. 
 
 2028-2032 2033-2042 Indefinite 
 During 2022 and 2021, we were in a three-year cumulative loss on a consolidated, jurisdictional basis in Australia, the Netherlands, the U.K. and the U.S. Such cumulative loss constitutes significant negative evidence (with regards to future taxable income) for assessing likelihood of realization. We also considered positive evidence but concluded it did not outweigh this significant negative evidence of a three-year cumulative loss. Accordingly, we recognized non-cash charges to tax expense of million and million to record a valuation allowance against net U.S. deferred tax assets and 120 million and million against certain net foreign deferred tax assets during 2022 and 2021, respectively. During 2022, our valuation allowance was also impacted by 74 million on an earnings-neutral basis primarily due to the NuScale reverse recapitalization. 
 
 In the normal course of business, we are subject to examination by taxing authorities worldwide, including such major jurisdictions as Australia, Canada, Chile, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, and the United States. Although we believe our reserves for our tax positions are reasonable, the outcome of tax audits could be materially different, both favorably and unfavorably. With a few exceptions, we are no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local, or non-U.S. income tax examinations for years before 2012. 
 
 Change in tax positions of prior years Change in tax positions of current year Reduction in tax positions for statute expirations Reduction in tax positions for audit settlements Balance at end of year 
 
 If recognized, the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, would favorably impact the effective tax rates by million and million, respectively. We had million and million of accrued interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We do not anticipate any significant changes to the unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve months. ) ) Foreign ) Total ) ) 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

9. 
 Contract assets ) Other current assets ) Other assets Increase (decrease) in: Accounts payable ) ) Contract liabilities ) ) ) Accrued liabilities ) ) Other liabilities ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash due to changes in assets and liabilities ) ) Cash paid during the year for: Interest Income taxes (net of refunds) 
 
 10. 
 Noncurrent assets Current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities 
 The following is a summary of aggregate, unaudited income statement data for unconsolidated entities where the equity method of accounting is used to recognize our share of net earnings or loss of investees: 
 (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Cost of revenue Net earnings 
 Many of our partnership and joint venture agreements provide for capital calls to fund operations, as necessary. Investments in a loss position of million and million were included in other accrued liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and consisted primarily of provision for anticipated losses on legacy infrastructure projects. Accounts receivable related to work performed for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures included in "Accounts and notes receivable, net" were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 During 2021 and 2020, we evaluated our significant investments and determined that certain of our investments were impaired. As a result, we recognized impairment expense of million and million during 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

ownership interest. COOEC Fluor owns, operates and manages a fabrication yard in China. We made a capital contribution of million to the joint venture during the first quarter of 2021, which satisfied our contractual funding requirements. 
 During 2022, we sold the majority of our interest in an infrastructure joint venture in Canada and recognized a gain of million. During 2021, we sold our ownership interest in an infrastructure joint venture and recognized a gain of million. These gains were included in Urban Solutions' segment profit. 
 Variable Interest Entities 
 The aggregate carrying value of unconsolidated VIEs (classified under both "Investments" and "Other accrued liabilities") was a net asset of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Some of our VIEs have debt; however, such debt is typically non-recourse to us. Our maximum exposure to loss as a result of our investments in unconsolidated VIEs is typically limited to the aggregate of the carrying value of the investment and future funding necessary to satisfy the contractual obligations of the VIE. Future funding commitments as of December 31, 2022 for the unconsolidated VIEs were million. 
 We are required to consolidate certain VIEs. Assets and liabilities associated with the operations of our consolidated VIEs are presented on our balance sheet. The assets of a VIE are restricted for use only for the particular VIE and are not available for our general operations. We have agreements with certain VIEs to provide financial or performance assurances to clients, as discussed elsewhere. 
 
 11. 
 billion as of December 31, 2022. For cost reimbursable contracts, amounts that may become payable pursuant to guarantee provisions are normally recoverable from the client for work performed. For lump-sum contracts, the performance guarantee amount is the cost to complete the contracted work, less amounts remaining to be billed to the client under the contract. Remaining billable amounts could be greater or less than the cost to complete. In those cases where costs exceed the remaining amounts payable under the contract, we may have recourse to third parties, such as owners, partners, subcontractors or vendors for claims. The performance guarantees obligation was t material as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 In certain limited circumstances, financial guarantees are entered into with financial institutions and other credit grantors and generally obligate us to make payment in the event of a default by the borrower. These arrangements generally require the borrower to pledge collateral to support the fulfillment of the borrower's obligation. 
 
 12. 

F-23 

Table of Contents 
 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

matter. Our motion to dismiss was granted in part on May 5, 2021, and as a result the Court dismissed with prejudice all allegations except those related to a single statement made in 2015 about one gas-fired power contract. During 2021, we recorded a liability for the estimated resolution of the matter and we also recognized the effects of expected insurance coverage. In the first quarter 2022, we reached a proposed settlement with the plaintiffs. The proposed settlement was finally approved by the Court in November 2022 and we consider the matter closed. 
 Since September 2018, separate purported shareholders' derivative actions were filed against current and former members of the Board of Directors, as well as certain of Fluor s current and former executives. Fluor is named as a nominal defendant in the actions. These derivative actions purport to assert claims on behalf of Fluor and make substantially the same factual allegations as the securities class action matter discussed above and seek various forms of monetary and injunctive relief. These actions are pending in Texas state court (District Court for Dallas County), the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware, the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas, and the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. Certain of these actions were consolidated, and all of these matters are currently stayed. 
 Fluor Australia Ltd., our wholly-owned subsidiary Fluor Australia ), completed a cost reimbursable engineering, procurement and construction management services project for Santos Ltd. Santos involving a large network of natural gas gathering and processing facilities in Queensland, Australia. On December 13, 2016, Santos filed an action in Queensland Supreme Court against Fluor Australia, asserting various causes of action and seeking damages and/or a refund of contract proceeds paid of AUD billion. Santos has joined Fluor to the matter on the basis of a parent company guarantee issued for the project. 
 Fluor Limited, our wholly-owned subsidiary Fluor Limited ), and Fluor Arabia Limited, a partially-owned subsidiary Fluor Arabia ), completed cost reimbursable engineering, procurement and construction management services for Sadara Chemical Company Sadara involving a large petrochemical facility in Jubail, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. On August 23, 2019, Fluor Limited and Fluor Arabia Limited commenced arbitration proceedings against Sadara after it refused to pay invoices totaling approximately million due under the contracts. As part of the arbitration proceedings, Sadara has asserted various counterclaims for damages and/or a refund of contract proceeds paid totaling million against Fluor Limited and Fluor Arabia Limited. 
 
 Various wholly-owned subsidiaries of Fluor, in conjunction with a partner, TECHINT, Fluor/TECHINT performed engineering, procurement and construction management services on a cost reimbursable basis for Barrick Gold Corporation involving a gold mine and ore processing facility on a site straddling the border between Argentina and Chile. In 2013 Barrick terminated the Fluor/TECHINT agreements for convenience and not due to the performance of Fluor/TECHINT. On August 12, 2016, Barrick filed a notice of arbitration against Fluor/TECHINT, demanding damages and/or a refund of contract proceeds paid of not less than million under various claims relating to Fluor/TECHINT s alleged performance. Proceedings were suspended while the parties explored a possible settlement. In August 2019, Barrick drew down million of letters of credit from Fluor/TECHINT million from Fluor and million from TECHINT). Thereafter, Barrick proceeded to reactivate the arbitration. Barrick and Fluor/TECHINT exchanged detailed statements of claim and counterclaim pursuant to which Barrick's claim against Fluor/TECHINT totaled million net of amounts acknowledged to be due to Fluor/TECHINT. 
 
 Fluor Enterprises Inc., our wholly-owned subsidiary, Fluor in conjunction with a partner, Balfour Beatty Infrastructure, Inc., Balfour formed a joint venture known as Prairie Link Constructors JV PLC and, through it, contracted with the North Texas Tollway Authority NTTA to provide design and build services in relation to the extension of the NTTA s President George Bush Turnpike highway Project ). PLC completed the Project in 2012. In October 2022, the NTTA served PLC, Fluor and Balfour with a petition, filed at Dallas County Court, demanding damages of an unquantified amount under various claims relating to alleged breaches of contract and or negligence. In its initial disclosures as part of the litigation, the NTTA stated that its damages are expected to exceed million and that damages will be calculated by experts and provided in the normal course of the litigation. We have answered the petition and asserted claims for, among other things, indemnity from subcontractors. 
 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

13. 
 Contract work in progress - lump sum contracts Contract assets Advance billings deducted from contract assets Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Information about contract liabilities: Provision for anticipated losses on contracts included in contract liabilities Revenue recognized that was included in contract liabilities as of January 1 
 We have made claims arising from the performance under our contracts. Factors considered in determining whether revenue associated with claims should be recognized include: (a) the legal basis for the claim, (b) additional costs were caused by circumstances that were unforeseen at the contract date and not the result of deficiencies in our performance, (c) claim-related costs are identifiable and considered reasonable in view of the work performed, and (d) evidence supporting the claim is objective and verifiable. Similarly, we recognize disputed back charges to suppliers or subcontractors as a reduction of cost when the same requirements have been satisfied. We periodically evaluate our positions and the amounts recognized with respect to all our claims and back charges. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had recorded million and million, respectively, of claim revenue for costs incurred to date. Additional costs, which will increase the claim revenue balance over time, are expected to be incurred in future periods. We had no material disputed back charges to suppliers or subcontractors as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 14. 
 1 to 2 years Thereafter Total RUPO 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

15. 
 Current: 2023 Notes Other borrowings Total current Long-Term: Senior Notes 2023 Notes 2024 Notes Unamortized discount on 2024 Notes ) ) Unamortized deferred financing costs ) 2028 Notes Unamortized discount on 2028 Notes ) ) Unamortized deferred financing costs ) ) Other long-term borrowings Total long-term 
 Credit Facility 
 As of December 31, 2022, letters of credit totaling million were outstanding under our billion credit facility, which was amended in February 2023 to extend the maturity to February 2026. This credit facility contains customary financial covenants, including a debt-to-capitalization ratio that cannot exceed to 1.00, a limitation on the aggregate amount of debt of the greater of million or million for our subsidiaries, and a minimum liquidity threshold of billion, defined in the amended credit facility, which may be reduced to billion upon the repayment of debt. The credit facility also contains provisions that will require us to provide collateral to secure the facility should we be downgraded to BB by S P and Ba2 by Moody's, such collateral consisting broadly of our U.S. assets. Borrowings under the facility, which may be denominated in USD, EUR, GBP or CAD, bear interest at a base rate, plus an applicable borrowing margin. As of December 31, 2022, we had not made any borrowings under our credit line and maintained a borrowing capacity of million. 
 Uncommitted Lines of Credit 
 As of December 31, 2022, letters of credit totaling million were outstanding under uncommitted lines of credit. 
 Senior Notes 
 During 2022, we redeemed million of aggregate outstanding 2023 Notes, with an immaterial earnings impact. In December 2022, we notified the remaining holders that we would call the remaining million of outstanding 2023 Notes in January 2023, which was completed as anticipated with no earnings impact for million. 
 In September 2021, we completed a tender offer in which we repurchased million of 2023 Notes and million of 2024 Notes, excluding accrued interest. Additionally, we redeemed million of outstanding 2023 and 2024 Notes in open market transactions during the 2021 period. We used the proceeds from the issuance of CPS to redeem the 2023 and 2024 Notes. We recognized million in losses related to these redemptions which is included in interest expense. 
 In August 2018, we issued million of Senior Notes due in September 2028 ("2028 Notes") and received proceeds of million. Interest on the 2028 Notes is payable semi-annually in March and September. Prior to June 2028, we may redeem the 2028 Notes at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount, plus a make whole premium described in the indenture. After June 2028, the 2028 Notes can be redeemed at par plus accrued interest. 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million of Senior Notes due in December 2024 ("2024 Notes") and received proceeds of million. Interest on the 2024 Notes is payable semi-annually in June and December. Prior to September 2024, we may redeem the 2024 Notes at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount, plus a "make whole" premium described in the indenture. After September 2024, the 2024 Notes can be redeemed at par plus accrued interest. 
 For all of the Senior Notes, a change of control (as defined by the terms of the respective indentures) could require us to repay them at of the principal amount, plus accrued interest. We may incur additional indebtedness if we are in compliance with certain restrictive covenants, including restrictions on liens and restrictions on sale and leaseback transactions. 
 
 16. 
 
 shares of Series A cumulative perpetual CPS in a private placement transaction involving a limited number of qualified institutional buyers. 
 
 The CPS, with respect to dividend rights or rights upon liquidation, winding-up or dissolution of Fluor, ranks senior to all classes of common stock and to any other class of capital stock or series of preferred stock that may be established (except in certain circumstances). The CPS is, however, junior to our existing and future debt. 
 
 The CPS does not have a maturity date. Cumulative cash dividends on the preferred stock are payable at an annual rate of quarterly in arrears on February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15, upon declaration of the dividend by our Board of Directors. Dividends accumulate from the most recent date on which dividends have been paid. Dividends of million were paid in 2022. In January 2023, our Board of Directors approved the payment million in quarterly dividends, which were paid in February 2023. 
 
 Each share of CPS is convertible at the holder's option at any time into shares of our common stock per share of CPS. The conversion rate is subject to certain customary adjustments, but no payment or adjustment for accumulated but unpaid dividends will be made upon conversion, subject to certain limited exceptions. The CPS may not be redeemed by us; however, we are able, since May 20, 2022, to elect to cause all outstanding shares of CPS to be converted into shares of our common stock at the conversion rate, subject to certain conditions (and, if such conversion occurs prior to May 20, 2024, the payment of a cash make-whole premium). The most significant condition to our ability to invoke a conversion prior to May 2024 is the requirement that our common stock trade above for consecutive trading days, which occurred in the fourth quarter of 2022 and has persisted into 2023. We estimate that the cash make-whole payment would have been million at December 31, 2022 (assuming we minimally exceeded the minimum trading price to invoke the conversion) or million (using the average 5-day trading price leading up to December 31, 2022). If a make-whole fundamental change, as defined in the certificate of designations for the CPS, occurs, we will in certain circumstances be required to increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert shares of CPS in connection with such make-whole fundamental change. 
 
 The shares of preferred stock have no voting rights except if and when dividends on the preferred stock are in arrears and have been unpaid with respect to six or more quarterly dividend payment dates (whether or not consecutive). In such events, the holders of the preferred stock would be entitled to elect additional directors to the board of directors. Such voting rights are exercisable until all dividends in arrears have been paid in full, at which time the voting rights and the term of the two additional directors terminate. 
 
 17. 
 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 
 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Derivative assets (2) 
 Foreign currency Commodity Liabilities: SMR warrants (3) 
 Derivative liabilities (2) 
 Foreign currency Commodity 
 
 (1) Consists of registered money market funds and an equity index fund. These investments, which are trading securities, represent the net asset value at the close of business of the period based on the last trade or official close of an active market or exchange. 
 (2) Foreign currency and commodity derivatives are estimated using pricing models with market-based inputs, which take into account the present value of estimated future cash flows. 
 (3) The SMR warrant liabilities are comprised of public and private placement warrants redeemable by SMR under certain conditions, both measured using the price of the public warrants. The private placement warrants are not publicly traded and have been classified as Level 2 measurements while the public warrants are classified as Level 1. 
 We have measured assets and liabilities held for sale and certain other impaired assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 
 Cash equivalents (2) 
 Level 2 Marketable securities, current (2) 
 Level 2 Notes receivable, including noncurrent portion (3) 
 Level 3 Liabilities: 2023 Senior Notes (4) 
 Level 2 2024 Senior Notes (4) 
 Level 2 2028 Senior Notes (4) 
 Level 2 Other borrowings (5) 
 Level 2 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) Cash consists of bank deposits. Carrying amounts approximate fair value. 
 (2) The carrying amounts of these time deposits approximate fair value because of the short-term maturity of these instruments. Amortized cost is not materially different from the fair value. 
 (3) Notes receivable are carried at net realizable value which approximates fair value. Factors considered in determining the fair value include the credit worthiness of the borrower, current interest rates, the term of the note and any collateral pledged as security. Notes receivable are periodically assessed for impairment. 
 (4) The fair value of the Senior Notes was estimated based on quoted market prices and Level 2 inputs. 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

18. 
 Buildings Building and leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Furniture and fixtures Assets under development Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Net property, plant and equipment 
 
 19. 
 million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There were no tax benefits recognized related to stock-based compensation during these periods. 
 Granted Forfeited or expired ) ) Vested/exercised ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2020 Granted Forfeited or expired ) ) Vested/exercised ) ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 Granted Forfeited or expired ) ) Vested/exercised ) ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Options exercisable as of December 31, 2022 Remaining unvested options outstanding and expected to vest 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

years. RSUs granted to our CEO in 2020 vest over years. RSUs granted to directors in 2022, 2021 and 2020 vested upon grant. The fair value of RSUs that vested during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. The balance of unamortized RSU expense as of December 31, 2022 was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 The exercise price of options represents the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant. The options granted in 2022, 2021 and 2020 generally vest over years and expire years after the grant date. Options granted to our CEO in 2020 vest over years. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during 2022 and 2021 was million and million respectively. There were stock option exercises during 2020. The balance of unamortized stock option expense as of December 31, 2022 was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Expected life of options (in years) Risk-free interest rate Expected volatility Expected annual dividend per share 
 The computation of the expected volatility assumption used in the Black-Scholes calculations is based on a / blend of historical and implied volatility. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, options outstanding and options exercisable had an aggregate intrinsic value of million and million, respectively . 
 _______________________ 

F-30 

Table of Contents 
 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

; ; and , respectively, were awarded to Section 16 officers. These awards generally cliff vest after years and contain annual performance conditions for each of the years of the vesting period. Under GAAP, performance-based elements of such awards are not deemed granted until the performance targets have been established. The performance targets for each year are generally established in the first quarter. These awards are earned based on achievement of EPS and return on invested capital goals over three one-year periods, and earned or modified based on our three-year cumulative total shareholder return relative to companies in the S P 500 on the date of the award. For the majority of awards, generally only one-third of the units awarded in any given year are deemed to be granted each year of the year vesting periods. 
 2021 Performance Award Plan 2020 Performance Award Plan 
 For awards granted under the 2022, 2021 and 2020 performance award plans, the number of units are adjusted at the end of each performance period based on achievement of certain performance targets and market conditions, pursuant to the terms of the award agreements. 
 The balance of unamortized compensation expense associated with performance-based award units as of December 31, 2022 was less than million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Liability Awards 
 We grant SGI awards in the form of stock units, determined by dividing the target amount by the closing price of our common stock at the grant date. Each stock unit represents the right to receive cash equal to the value of one share of our common stock upon vesting. SGI awards granted to executives vest and become payable at a rate of one-third of the total award each year. Performance-based awards were awarded to non-Section 16 executives and will be settled in cash. 
 Performance-based awards for non-Section 16 executives G A 
 Liabilities (in millions) Location on Balance Sheet December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 SGI awards Accrued salaries, wages and benefits and Other noncurrent liabilities Performance-based awards for non-Section 16 executives Accrued salaries, wages and benefits and Other noncurrent liabilities 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, compensation expense on our liability awards significantly increased as our stock price grew in comparison to previous balance sheet dates. 
 
 20. 
 million with contributions to our DC plans in both 2022 and 2021, and million in 2020. 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 
 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million gain on pension settlement upon the completion of compensation and other items associated with our largest DB plan, which provided retirement benefits to certain employees in the Netherlands, which was terminated in December 2021. Upon termination, the remaining benefit obligations were transferred to a plan not sponsored by Fluor and we were substantially relieved of any further obligation. Our DB plan in the United Kingdom was terminated in December 2020, at which point the remaining benefit obligations were transferred to an insurer and we were relieved of any further obligation. The loss on settlement in both years consisted primarily of unrecognized actuarial losses included in AOCI and did not impact our cash position. Retirement benefits in these countries are now administered through DC plans. 
 Interest cost Expected return on assets ) ) Amortization of prior service credit ) ) Recognized net actuarial loss Curtailments (Gain) loss on settlements ) Net periodic pension expense (1) 

The service cost component of net periodic pension expense is presented in Cost of revenue and the other components of net periodic pension expense are presented in G A and "(Gain) loss on pension settlement". 
 DB Plan Assumptions 
 The ranges of assumptions indicated below cover DB plans in the Netherlands, Germany and the Philippines and are based on the economic environment in each host country at the end of each reporting period. The discount rates for the DB plans were determined primarily based on a hypothetical yield curve developed from the yields on high quality corporate and government bonds with durations consistent with the pension obligations in those countries. The expected long-term rate of return on asset assumptions utilizing historical returns, correlations and investment manager forecasts are established for all relevant asset classes including international equities and government, corporate and other debt securities. 
 - 
 - 
 Rates of increase in compensation levels - 
 - 
 For determining net periodic cost for the year: Discount rates - 
 - 
 Rates of increase in compensation levels - 
 - 
 Expected long-term rates of return on assets - 
 - 

F-32 

Table of Contents 
 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Service cost Interest cost Employee contributions Currency translation ) Actuarial (gain)/loss (primarily due to plan experience in 2021 and assumption changes in 2020) Benefits paid ) Settlements ) PBO at end of year Change in plan assets: Plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets Company contributions Employee contributions Currency translation ) Benefits paid ) Settlements ) Plan assets at end of year Funded status (Under)/overfunded ) Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheet: Pension assets included in other assets Pension liabilities included in other accrued liabilities Pension liabilities included in current liabilities related to assets held for sale ) Pension liabilities included in noncurrent liabilities ) AOCI (pre-tax) Plans with PBO in excess of plan assets: PBO Plan assets Plans with ABO in excess of plan assets: ABO Plan assets 
 Multiemployer Pension Plans 
 In addition to our DB plans, we participate in multiemployer pension plans for unionized construction and maintenance craft employees. Company contributions are based on the hours worked by employees covered under various collective bargaining agreements and totaled million , million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Upon withdrawal from a multiemployer plan, we may have an obligation to make additional contributions for our share of any unfunded benefit obligation, but only if we do not meet the requirements of any applicable exemptions. We participate in a multiemployer plan in which we are aware of a significant unfunded benefit obligation. However, we believe we qualify for an exemption and do not believe we have a probable payment to the plan. Therefore, we have not recognized a liability related to this unfunded benefit obligation. The preceding information does not include amounts related to benefit plans applicable to employees associated with certain contracts with the U.S. Department of Energy because we are not responsible for the current or future funding of these plans. 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 
 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

21. 
 million and million, respectively, within noncurrent liabilities. To fund these obligations, we have established non-qualified trusts, which are included in noncurrent assets. These trusts hold life insurance policies and marketable securities. These trusts were valued at million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Periodic changes in the value of these trust investments, most of which are unrealized, are recognized in earnings, and serve to mitigate changes to the obligations which are also reflected in earnings. 
 million and million, respectively, were included in noncurrent liabilities. 
 
 22. 
 Finance lease cost Amortization of right-of-use assets Variable lease cost (1) 
 Short-term lease cost Sublease income ) ) ) Total lease expense (2) 
 
 (1) Primarily relates to rent escalation due to cost of living indexation and payments for property taxes, insurance or common area maintenance based on actual assessments. 
 
 (2) Lease expense is included in Cost of revenue and G A. 
 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 
 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Finance lease assets Other assets Total right-of-use assets Lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities, current Other accrued liabilities Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent Noncurrent liabilities Finance lease liabilities, current Other accrued liabilities Finance lease liabilities, noncurrent Noncurrent liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 Financing cash flows from finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases years years Weighted-average remaining lease term - finance leases years years Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases Weighted-average discount rate - finance leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 
 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

23. ) ) ) ) ) Ownership share of equity method investees' OCI ) ) ) ) ) DB plan adjustments ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on hedges ) ) ) ) ) Total OCI ) ) ) ) ) Less: OCI attributable to NCI OCI attributable to Fluor Corporation ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) Net OCI ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) Attributable to NCI: Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) OCI before reclassifications Amount reclassified from AOCI Net OCI Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 (in millions) Foreign Currency Translation Ownership 
 Share of 
 Equity Method 
 Investees' OCI (1) 
 DB Plans Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Hedges AOCI, Net Attributable to Fluor Corporation: Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) Net OCI ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) Attributable to NCI: Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) OCI before reclassifications Amount reclassified from AOCI Net OCI Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 
 FLUOR CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 ) ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) Net OCI ) ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) ) ) Attributable to NCI: Balance as of December 31, 2019 ) ) OCI before reclassifications Amount reclassified from AOCI Net OCI Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) 
 (1) Primarily consists of our share of our equity method investees' foreign currency translation.) ) ) Income tax benefit Income tax expense (benefit) Net of tax ) ) ) DB plan adjustments Various accounts (1) 
 ) ) ) Income tax benefit Income tax expense (benefit) Net of tax ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on hedges: Commodity and foreign currency contracts Various accounts (2) 
 Interest rate contracts Interest expense ) ) Income tax benefit Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Net of tax: 
 (1) DB plan adjustments were reclassified to "G A" and "Loss on pension settlement". 
 (2) Gains and losses on commodity and foreign currency derivatives were reclassified to "Cost of revenue" and "G A". 
 
 24. 
 million and recognized a loss on the sale of million. In May 2021, we sold the North American operations of AMECO for million and recognized a loss on the sale of million. In August 2020, we sold the Jamaican operations of AMECO for million and recognized a loss of million. The results for the sold AMECO operations are reported in Disc Ops in 2021 and 2020 and are not material. Smaller AMECO operations in South America remain for sale. 
 The remaining Stork and AMECO operations no longer qualify for all Disc Ops criteria and are now reported in Cont Ops. 
 F-37 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 ex47descriptionofsecuritie.htm
 EX-4.7

Document 

Exhibit 4.7 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 
 
 The following description is a summary that is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (our Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated By-Laws (our By-Laws ), each of which is an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this description is an exhibit. We encourage you to read our Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporate Law for additional information. 
 
 General 
 
 Under our Certificate of Incorporation, Fluor is authorized to issue 375,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters voted on generally by stockholders. Except as otherwise required by law or with respect to any outstanding series of our preferred stock, the holders of our common stock possess all voting power. Our Bylaws and Certificate of Incorporation generally provide that stockholder action is effective upon the affirmative vote of a majority in outstanding voting power present in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders. However, directors shall be elected by a vote of the majority of the votes cast, unless the number of director nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected. A majority of the votes cast means that the number of shares voted for a director nominee must exceed the number of shares voted against that nominee. 
 
 Dividend Rights Rights Upon Liquidation 
 
 Subject to any preferential rights of holders of any of our preferred stock that may be outstanding, holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends on such stock out of assets legally available for distribution when, as and if authorized and declared by our board of directors and to share ratably in the assets of Fluor legally available for distribution to our stockholders in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. 
 
 Other Matters 
 
 Holders of our common stock will have no preferences or preemptive, conversion or exchange rights. Shares of our common stock will not be liable for further calls or assessments by Fluor. Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and trades under the symbol FLR. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Provisions 
 
 General 
 
 Certain provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws and Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may have the effect of impeding the acquisition of control of Fluor by means of a tender offer, a 
 1 

proxy contest, open market purchases or otherwise in a transaction not approved by our board of directors. These provisions are designed to reduce, or have the effect of reducing, the vulnerability of Fluor to an unsolicited proposal for the restructuring or sale of all or substantially all the assets of Fluor or an unsolicited takeover attempt which is unfair to Fluor stockholders. 
 
 Charter and Bylaw Provisions 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes our board of directors to issue from time to time, without further vote or action by the stockholders, up to 20,000,000 shares of our preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the designations, powers, preferences and rights, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions, with respect to the shares issued under each such series. Pursuant to this authority, our board could create and issue a series of our preferred stock with such designations, powers, preferences and rights which have the effect of discriminating against an existing or prospective holder of our capital stock, thus making it more difficult for, or discouraging any attempt by, a potential acquirer to obtain control of Fluor by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. As a result, the authority to issue shares of preferred stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of Fluor without any further action by our stockholders. 
 
 Other provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws that may make it more difficult to replace our board of directors include 
 
 the prohibition on stockholders acting by written consent the limitations on the ability of our stockholders to call a special meeting, although, holders of at least 25 of our outstanding shares of common stock have the right to call a special meeting of stockholders, subject to certain limitations and procedures requirements for advance notice for raising business or making nominations at stockholder meetings and the ability of our board of directors to amend the Bylaws, increase the size of our board and to fill vacancies on our board. 
 
 Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law 
 
 We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date on which the person becomes an interested stockholder, unless (i) prior to the time that such stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, the Board of Directors approves such transaction or business combination, (ii) the stockholder acquires more than 85 of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation (excluding shares held by directors who are officers or held in employee stock plans) upon consummation of such transaction, or (iii) at or subsequent to the time such stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, the business combination is approved by the Board of Directors and by two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation (excluding shares held by the interested stockholder) at a meeting of stockholders (and not by written consent). A business combination includes a merger, asset sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to such interested stockholder. For purposes of Section 203, interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns (or within three years prior, did own) 15 or more of the corporation s voting stock. Fluor has not opted out of the protections of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. 
 2 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-10.25>
 3
 ex1025q42022.htm
 EX-10.25

Document 
 Exhibit 10.25 

 Summary of Fluor Corporation Non-Management Director Compensation 
 
 Cash Compensation 
 Annual Retainer 130,000 Annual Committee Chair Retainer Audit Committee Chair 20,000 Commercial Strategies and Operational Risk Committee Chair 15,000 Governance Committee Chair 15,000 Organization and Compensation Committee Chair 15,000 Lead Independent Director Retainer 35,000 Non-Committee Chair Member of the Executive Committee 10,000 

Retainers are paid quarterly in cash and can be deferred at the director s election under the Fluor Corporation 409A Director Deferred Compensation Program (the Deferred Compensation Program ). 
 
 Equity Compensation 
 
 Each non-management director receives an annual grant of restricted stock units with a total market value of 170,000. The grant is made on the date of the annual meeting of shareholders. Non-management directors joining the Board after the date of the annual meeting receive a pro rata award on the date of their appointment to the Board. The restricted stock units vest immediately upon grant. Directors can defer such units at their election under the Deferred Compensation Program. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 Fluor Corporation reimburses non-management directors for their travel and related expenses in connection with attending Board meetings and Board-related activities. Directors also receive life insurance 75,000 in coverage) and business travel accident insurance 250,000 in coverage). Directors charitable contributions that meet the guidelines of the Company s employee charitable matching gift program are eligible for matching funds from the Company in an amount up to 15,000 per year. 

</EX-10.25>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ex211subsidiaries2022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 FLUOR CORPORATION SUBSIDIARIES (1) 
 Note Roman numerals below denote the level of the subsidiary. For example, I represents a first tier subsidiary of Fluor Corporation II represents a second tier subsidiary, etc. Subsidiary Name Percent Holding Organized Under 
 Laws of 
 I American Construction Equipment Company, Inc. 100.0000 California II AMECO Holdings, Inc. 100.0000 California III AMECO Caribbean, Inc. 100.0000 California III AMECO Project Services, Inc. 100.0000 Philippines III Ameco Services, S. de R.L. de C.V. 3.0320 Mexico III Maquinaria Ameco Guatemala, Limitada 3.9400 Guatemala II Ameco Services, S. de R.L. de C.V. 24.0990 Mexico I Fluor Constructors International, Inc. 100.0000 California II Fluor Constructors Canada Ltd. 100.0000 New Brunswick II Fluor Management and Technical Services, Inc. 100.0000 California II Servicios de Construccion del Pacifico, Inc. 100.0000 Delaware I Fluor Enterprises, Inc. 100.0000 California II 202 Maintenance Services, LLC 50.0000 Delaware II AMECODISC, LLC 100.0000 Delaware III AMECO COLOMBIA S.A.S. 100.0000 Colombia III AMECO PANAMA S.A. 100.0000 Panama III Ameco Services, S. de R.L. de C.V. 72.8690 Mexico III Maquinaria Ameco Guatemala, Limitada 95.0800 Guatemala II Cavendish Fluor Partnership Limited 35.0000 England II Connect 202 Partners, LLC 38.0000 Delaware II ConOps Industrial Ltd. 100.0000 New Brunswick III 684033 N.B. Ltd. 100.0000 New Brunswick II Daniel International Corporation 100.0000 South Carolina III Fluor Daniel Engineering, Inc. 100.0000 Ohio III Fluor Management Company L.P. 46.0676 Delaware II Dean Fluor, LLC 50.0000 Delaware II Denver Transit Constructors, LLC 40.0000 Delaware II Denver Transit Operators, LLC 33.3333 Delaware II Denver Transit Systems, LLC 50.0000 Delaware II EFDEE Connecticut Architects, Inc. 100.0000 Connecticut III Industrial Services France SAS 100.0000 France II EFDEE Engineering Professional Corporation 100.0000 North Carolina II EFDEE Mississippi Architects, A Professional Corporation 100.0000 Mississippi II EFDEE New York Engineers & Architects P.C. 100.0000 New York II ENCEE Architecture Services, P.C. 100.0000 North Carolina II FCI Fluor Parsons, a Joint Venture 30.0000 California (JV) 

Subsidiary Name Percent Holding Organized Under 
 Laws of 

II FD Architects & Engineers Corporation 100.0000 New Jersey II FDEE Consulting, Inc. 100.0000 California II FHdB, LLC 100.0000 Texas III Fluor Brasil Ltda. 0.6867 Brazil II Fluor Alaska, Inc. 100.0000 Alaska II Fluor Americas, Inc. 100.0000 California II Fluor Australia Pty Ltd. 100.0000 Australia III Giovenco Industries (AUST) Pty Limited 100.0000 Australia IV Giovenco Industrial Services Pty Ltd. 100.0000 Australia IV Giovenco Insulations International JV Pty Ltd. 100.0000 Australia (JV) IV Giovenco Insulations International JV Unit Trust 100.0000 Australia (JV) III Fluor Construction Services Pty Ltd. 100.0000 Australia III Fluor Global Services Australia Pty Ltd. 100.0000 Australia III Fluor Rail Services Pty Ltd. 100.0000 Australia III Signet Holdings Pty Ltd 100.0000 Australia III Stork Technical Services Holding Australia Pty Ltd. 100.0000 Australia IV Giovenco Industries (AUST) Trust 100.0000 Australia III TRS Staffing Solutions (Australia) Pty Ltd. 100.0000 Australia II Fluor Boke, Inc. 100.0000 Delaware II Fluor BNA O&M USA LLC 100.0000 Delaware III BNA O&M USA General Partnership 40.0000 Delaware II Fluor Brasil, Ltda. 99.3133 Brazil III Fluor Engenharia e Projetos S.A. 99.9900 Brazil (JV) II Fluor Canada Ltd. 100.0000 New Brunswick III BNA Constructors Canada GP 40.0000 Canada III Fluor BNA Holdco Inc. 100.0000 New Brunswick IV Fluor BNA GP Inc. 100.0000 New Brunswick V Bridging North America Holding Corporation 40.0000 Canada VI Bridging North America GP (Ontario) 99.9900 Canada VI Bridging North America ULC 100.0000 Canada VII Bridging North America GP (Ontario) .0100 Canada III Fluor BNA O&M GP Inc. 100.0000 New Brunswick IV BNA O&M General Partnership 40.0000 Canada III Fluor Engineering Solutions Ltd. 100.0000 New Brunswick III Fluor O&M Solutions GP Inc. 100.0000 New Brunswick III Fluor WEP Holdings Inc. 100.0000 New Brunswick IV Windsor Essex Mobility Group GP 33.3333 Canada III TRS Staffing Solutions (Canada) Inc. 100.0000 Canada III Wright Engineers Limitada Peru 35.0000 Peru 
 2 

Subsidiary Name Percent Holding Organized Under 
 Laws of 

II Fluor Cebu, Inc. 100.0000 Philippines II Fluor Chile, Inc. 100.0000 California III Ameco Chile S.A. 0.0450 Chile III Fluor Chile Ingenieria y Construccion S.A. 99.0000 Chile IV Fluor Techint SRL Construccion y Servicios Limitada 50.0000 Chile III Ingenieria y Construccion Fluor Daniel Chile Limitada 99.9000 Chile II Fluor Colombia Limited 100.0000 Delaware II Fluor Daniel (Japan) Inc. 100.0000 Japan II Fluor Daniel (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd 100.0000 Malaysia III Technip-Fluor JV 49.0000 Malaysia (JV) II Fluor Daniel Caribbean, Inc. 100.0000 Delaware III Duke Fluor Daniel Caribbean S.E. 00.2500 Puerto Rico III Fluor Craft Services, Inc. 100.0000 South Carolina III Fluor Daniel International (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. 100.0000 Malaysia III Fluor Daniel Maintenance Services, Inc. 100.0000 Delaware III Fluor Daniel Services Corporation 100.0000 Delaware III Fluor Facility & Plant Services, Inc. 100.0000 South Carolina IV Stork DFW Service Center, Inc. 100.0000 Texas II Fluor Daniel China, Inc. 100.0000 California II Fluor Daniel China Services, Inc. 100.0000 California II Fluor Daniel Coal Services International, Inc. 100.0000 Delaware III Duke Fluor Daniel International 49.9999 Nevada IV Duke Fluor Daniel Caribbean, S.E. 99.0000 Puerto Rico II Fluor Daniel Construction Company 100.0000 California II Fluor Daniel Development Corporation 100.0000 California III FBT Services, Inc. 100.0000 California III Fluor Daniel Modesto, Inc. 100.0000 California IV Fluor Services LLC 99.0000 Oman II Fluor Daniel Eastern, Inc. 100.0000 California III Fluor Kazakhstan LLC 100.0000 Delaware III P.T. Fluor Daniel Indonesia 80.0000 Indonesia IV PT. Mitra Bersama Engineering 99.0000 Indonesia V PT Singgar Mulia 25.0000 Indonesia II Fluor Daniel Engineers & Constructors, Inc. 100.0000 Delaware III Fluor (China) Engineering and Construction Co. Ltd. 100.0000 P.R.C. II Fluor Daniel Engineers & Constructors, Ltd. 100.0000 California III CGF Projects Ghana Limited 51.0000 Ghana III Technip-Fluor JV (owned by FDE&CL Singapore branch) 
 49.0000 Singapore (JV) II Fluor Daniel Engineers & Consultants Ltd. 100.0000 Mauritius III Fluor Daniel India Private Limited 80.0000 India III Fluor Mocambique, Limitada 99.0000 Mozambique III JGC - Fluor Mocambique, Lda 50.0000 Mozambique III JGC Fluor TechnipFMC Mocambique, Lda 
 33.3333 Mozambique 
 3 

Subsidiary Name Percent Holding Organized Under 
 Laws of 

II Fluor Daniel Espana, S.A. 100.0000 California III Fluor Arabia Limited 50.0000 Saudi Arabia II Fluor Daniel Eurasia, Inc. 100.0000 California III Sakhalin Neftegas Technology 50.0000 Russian Federation II Fluor Engenharia e Projetos S.A. 0.0010 Brazil (JV) II Fluor Europe B.V. 100.0000 Netherlands III AG&P Fluor Joint Venture Company, Inc. 50.0000 Philippines (JV) III Fluor B.V. 100.0000 Netherlands IV Fluor Consultants B.V. 100.0000 Netherlands V Fluor Project Services B.V. 100.0000 Netherlands IV Fluor Infrastructure B.V. 100.0000 Netherlands V Fluor A27 A1 B.V. 100.0000 Netherlands VI 3Angle EPCM V.O.F. 50.0000 Netherlands V Bouw Combinatie Rozenoordburg A10 V.O.F. 33.3333 Netherlands V Fluor Capital B.V. 20.0000 Netherlands VI 3Angle B.V. 33.3333 Netherlands VI IXAS Zuid-Oost B.V. 25.0000 Netherlands V Infraspeed (Holdings) B.V. 3.4800 Netherlands V IXAS Gaasperdammerweg B.V. 33.3333 Netherlands V Poort van Den Bosch B.V. 10.0000 Netherlands V Poort van Den Bosch V.O.F. 10.0000 Netherlands (JV) IV Fluor Onshore India Private Limited 99.990 India IV Stork Holding B.V. 100.0000 Netherlands V Stork B.V. 100.0000 Netherlands VI Koninklijke Machinefabriek Stork B.V. 100.0000 Netherlands VI SFS 007.298.633 Pty Limited 100.0000 Australia VI Stork Technical Services HOLDCO B.V. 100.0000 Netherlands VII Stork Technical Services Holding B.V. 100.0000 Netherlands VIII Cooperheat Franchising B.V. 100.0000 Netherlands IX Cooperheat Saudi Arabia Company Ltd. 75.0000 Saudi Arabia VIII Cooperheat GmbH 100.0000 Germany 
 4 

Subsidiary Name Percent Holding Organized Under 
 Laws of 

IX Thermoprozess Cooperheat GmbH 48.0000 Germany VIII Stork APM Consultancy Services LLV 1.0000 Azerbaijan VIII Stork Asset Management Technology B.V. 100.0000 Netherlands IX Stork APM Consultancy Services LLV 99.0000 Azerbaijan VIII Stork Gears & Services B.V. 100.0000 Netherlands IX Stork Gears & Services Asia Pte. Ltd. 100.0000 Singapore VIII Stork German Holding GmbH 100.0000 Germany IX Stork Technical Services GmbH 100.0000 Germany VIII Stork Intellectual Property B.V. 100.0000 Netherlands VIII Stork International B.V. 100.0000 Netherlands IX Stork LATAM SL 100.0000 Spain X Mecanicos Asociados S.A.S. 100.0000 Colombia 
 5 

Subsidiary Name Percent Holding Organized Under 
 Laws of 

XI Consorcio Generacion P135 MASA-VEPICA 50.0000 Colombia XI Consorcio Group Stork 80.0000 Colombia XI Consorcio KGM 41.0000 Colombia (JV) XI Consorcio MASATEC POWER 50.0000 Colombia (JV) XI Consorcio Turnaround Alliance 30.0000 Colombia (JV) 
 6 

Subsidiary Name Percent Holding Organized Under 
 Laws of 

XI Pipeline Maintenance Alliance 70.0000 Colombia (JV) XI Stork Peru S.A.C. 99.9999 Peru XII Consorcio MGP 60.0000 Peru 
 7 

Subsidiary Name Percent Holding Organized Under 
 Laws of 

XII Consorcio Stork-TMI Peru 50.0000 Peru IX Wescon (B) SDN BHD 99.9800 Brunei Darussalam VIII Stork Nederland B.V. 100.0000 Netherlands IX AJS V.O.F. 37.5000 Netherlands IX Istimewa Electrotechniek B.V. 100.0000 Netherlands X Combinatie Scaldis Noord V.O.F. 50.0000 Netherlands X Combinatie Scaldis OSK V.O.F 50.0000 Netherlands X Combinatie Scaldis V.O.F. 50.0000 Netherlands 
 8 

Subsidiary Name Percent Holding Organized Under 
 Laws of 

IX N2ES V.O.F. 50.0000 Netherlands IX Stork Worley Integrated Solutions V.O.F. 50.0000 Netherlands VIII Stork Peru S.A.C. 0.0001 Peru VIII Stork Power Services & Technology Beijing Limited 100.0000 China VIII Stork Power Services B.V. 100.0000 Netherlands IX Stork Integrated Solutions B.V. 100.0000 Netherlands IX Stork Power Services USA Holding Inc. 100.0000 Delaware X Stork H & E Turbo Blading, Inc. 100.0000 New York VIII Stork Technical Services Belgium N.V. 100.0000 Belgium VIII Stork Technical Services Saudi Arabia Co. 55.0000 Saudi Arabia VIII Stork Thermeq B.V. 100.0000 Netherlands VIII Stork TS Holdings Limited 0.0002 United Kingdom VIII Stork Turbo Blading B.V. 100.0000 Netherlands VIII Stork Turbo Service B.V. 100.0000 Netherlands VIII Tabarca Consortium 64.0000 Colombia VIII Wescon International B.V. 100.0000 Netherlands VII Stork TS Holdings Limited 99.9998 United Kingdom 
 9 

Subsidiary Name Percent Holding Organized Under 
 Laws of 

VIII Stork Technical Services (Holdings) Limited 100.0000 United Kingdom IX Stork Technical Services UK Limited 100.0000 United Kingdom X Stork Cooperheat Bahrain SPC 100.0000 Bahrain X Stork Technical Services International Ltd. 100.0000 United Kingdom XI Stork Technical Services International South Africa 100.0000 South Africa 
 10 

Subsidiary Name Percent Holding Organized Under 
 Laws of 

XI Stork Technical Services Trinidad and Tobago Ltd 8.9700 Trinidad & Tobago X Stork Technical Services Trinidad and Tobago Ltd 91.0300 Trinidad & Tobago VI Wescon (B) SDN BHD 0.0200 Brunei Darussalam IV TRS Staffing Solutions B.V. 100.0000 Netherlands III Fluor Engineering N.V. 100.0000 Belgium III Fluor Finance International B.V. 100.0000 Netherlands III Fluor Finance Limited 100.0000 United Kingdom III Fluor Island ehf. 100.0000 Iceland III Fluor S.A. 100.0000 Poland III Fluor Spain Holding S.L. 4.0000 Spain IV Fluor Plant Engineering, S.A. 100.0000 Spain IV Technical Resource Solutions, S.L. 100.0000 Spain III TRS Consultants-JLT 100.0000 United Arab Emirates IV TRS Staffing Solutions Mozambique, Limitada 99.0000 Mozambique II Fluor Daniel Holdings, Inc. 100.0000 California III Fluor Central Asia Limited Liability Partnership 99.0000 Kazakhstan III Fluor Daniel Holdings (Botswana) (Pty) Limited 100.0000 Botswana III Fluor Daniel Holdings Canada Inc. 100.0000 New Brunswick III Fluor Greece S.A. 100.0000 Greece III Fluor Investments LLC 100.0000 Delaware 
 11 

Subsidiary Name Percent Holding Organized Under 
 Laws of 

III Fluor Mocambique, Limitada 1.0000 Mozambique III Fluor Onshore India Private Limited 0.0100 India III Fluor Services LLC 1.0000 Oman III Fluor Uganda Engineering and Construction Limited 99.9999 Uganda III FWPJV Limited 50.0000 England (JV) IV KPJV Limited 60.0000 England (JV) III Najmat Al-Sabah for General Services Limited Liability Company, Private Company 100.0000 Iraq III Qatar National Facility Services 49.0000 Qatar II Fluor Daniel Illinois, Inc. 100.0000 Delaware III D FD Operating Services LLC 49.9999 Delaware II Fluor Daniel India, Inc. 100.0000 California II Fluor Daniel Latin America, Inc. 100.0000 California III Grupo Empresarial Alvica, S.A. 80.0000 Venezuela IV Grupo Alvica SCS 0.1000 Venezuela III Servicios Cuyuni, E.T.T., C.A. 80.0000 Venezuela II Fluor Daniel Mexico S.A. 100.0000 California III ICA Fluor Daniel, S. de R.L. de C.V. 49.0000 Mexico IV ICA Fluor Servicios Gerenciales, S.A. de C.V. 98.0000 Mexico V ICA Fluor Operaciones, S.A. de C.V. 0.0100 Mexico VI Desarrolladora De Etileno, S. de R.L. de C.V. 20.0000 Mexico VI Etileno XXI Contractors SAPI 20.0000 Mexico VI Etileno XXI Services B.V. 20.0000 Netherlands VI ICA Stork, S. de R.L. de C.V. 20.0000 Mexico VI ICA Fluor Petroquimica, S.A. 98.0000 Mexico VII ICA Stork, S. de R.L. de C.V. 80.0000 Mexico IV ICA Fluor Servicios Operativos, S.A. de C.V. 99.9900 Mexico IV IF Proyectos, S.A. 100.0000 Panama IV IFD Servicios de Ingenieria S.A. de C.V. 99.9600 Mexico V ICA Fluor Servicios Operativos, S.A. de C.V. 0.0100 Mexico IV Industrial Del Hierro S.A. de C.V. 99.9900 Mexico V ICA Fluor Petroquimica S.A. de C.V. 2.0000 Mexico III IFD Servicios de Ingenieria S.A. de C.V. 0.0200 Mexico IV Industrial Del Hierro S.A. de C.V. 0.0100 Mexico III TRS International Group, S. de R.L. de C.V. 0.9540 Mexico III TRS Staffing Solutions, S. de R.L. de C.V. 0.2000 Mexico II Fluor Daniel Mining & Metals, Ltd. 100.0000 California III Ameco Chile S.A. 99.9550 Chile 
 12 

Subsidiary Name Percent Holding Organized Under 
 Laws of 

III Empresa Constructora Fluor Salfa Limitada 50.0000 Chile III Fluor Chile Ingenieria y Construccion S.A. 1.0000 Chile III Ingenieria y Construccion Fluor Daniel Chile Limitada 0.1000 Chile II Fluor Daniel Overseas, Inc. 100.0000 California III Fluor Uganda Engineering and Construction Limited 00.0010 Uganda III PFD International LLC 50.0000 Delaware II Fluor Daniel P.R.C., Ltd. 100.0000 California II Fluor Daniel Pacific, Inc. 100.0000 California III Fluor Daniel-AMEC Philippines, Inc. 50.0000 Philippines II Fluor Daniel South America Limited 100.0000 California III AMECO Peru S.R.L. 99.9500 Peru II Fluor Daniel Technical Services, Inc. 100.0000 Texas II Fluor Daniel Venture Group, Inc. 100.0000 California III Fluor Daniel Asia, Inc. 100.0000 California IV Duke Fluor Daniel International Services 49.9999 Nevada V Duke Fluor Daniel Caribbean, S.E. 0.5000 Puerto Rico IV P.T. Fluor Daniel Indonesia 20.0000 Indonesia V Fluor Aker Solutions Indonesia JV 50.0000 Indonesia (JV) V PT. MITRA BERSAMA ENGINEERING 99.0000 Indonesia VI PT Singgar Mulia 25.0000 Indonesia IV P.T. Nusantara Power Services 70.0000 Indonesia III Soli Flo LLC 25.0000 Delaware IV Soli.Flo, Inc. 100.0000 California V Soli-Flo Material Transfer, L.P. 1.0000 California V Soli-Flo Partners, L.P. 1.0000 California III Soli-Flo Material Transfer, L.P. 24.7500 California III Soli-Flo Partners, L.P. 24.7500 California III Springfield Resource Recovery, Inc. 100.0000 Massachusetts IV Springfield Resource Recovery Limited Partnership 10.0000 Massachusetts III Springfield Resource Recovery Limited Partnership 90.0000 Massachusetts II Fluor Daniel, a Professional Architectural Corporation 100.0000 Louisiana II Fluor Daniel, Inc. - Philippines 99.9900 Philippines II Fluor Enterprises Group, Inc. 100.0000 Delaware II Fluor Federal Global Projects, Inc. 100.0000 Delaware II Fluor Federal Services NWS, Inc. 100.0000 Washington II Fluor Federal Services, Inc. 100.0000 Washington III Fluor Federal Petroleum Operations, LLC 100.0000 Delaware III Fluor Federal, Inc. 100.0000 Washington III Fluor Idaho, LLC 100.0000 Delaware III Fluor Marine Propulsion, LLC 100.0000 Delaware III Fluor-BWXT Portsmouth LLC 51.0000 Ohio III Mid-America Conversion Services, LLC 25.0000 Delaware III National TRU Waste Partnership LLC 55.0000 Delaware 
 13 

Subsidiary Name Percent Holding Organized Under 
 Laws of 

III Nuclear Production One, LLC 60.0000 Delaware III Savannah River Nuclear Partners, LLC 57.0000 Delaware III Savannah River Nuclear Solutions, LLC 48.0000 South Carolina II Fluor Federal Services, LLC 100.0000 Delaware II Fluor Federal Solutions, LLC 100.0000 South Carolina III Rock Island Integrated Services 51.0000 Illinois (JV) II Fluor Fernald, Inc. 100.0000 California III Fluor Environmental Resources Management Services, Inc. 100.0000 Delaware II Fluor Finance U.S., Inc. 100.0000 Texas II Fluor GmbH 100.0000 Germany II Fluor Government Group International, Inc. 100.0000 Delaware III Fluor Intercontinental Arabian Peninsula LLC 1.0000 Oman II Fluor Guinea, Inc. 100.0000 Texas II Fluor Hanford, Inc. 100.0000 Washington II Fluor Heavy Civil, LLC 100.0000 Delaware II Fluor Industrial Services Canada Inc. 100.0000 New Brunswick III Fluor Driver Inc. 50.0000 Alberta II Fluor Industrial Services, Inc. 100.0000 Delaware II Fluor Intercontinental, Inc. 100.0000 California III Dominican Republic Combined Cycle, LLC 49.0000 Delaware III FIID LLC 100.0000 Djibouti III Fluor AMEC II, LLC 55.0000 Delaware III Fluor Daniel Nigeria Limited 60.0000 Nigeria III Fluor Government Group-Canada, Inc. 100.0000 New Brunswick IV ATCO Fluor Support Solutions Ltd. 49.0000 Alberta IV Canadian National Energy Alliance Ltd. 20.0000 Canada III Fluor Intercontinental Arabian Peninsula LLC 99.0000 Oman III Fluor Intercontinental Germany GmbH 100.0000 Germany III Fluor Intercontinental Solutions, LLC 100.0000 Delaware III FLUOR M ltd. 100.0000 Macedonia III Greenville Technical Services Inc. 100.0000 Delaware III Grupo Alvica SCS 79.9200 Venezuela III NWKC LLC 50.0000 Delaware II Fluor International Limited 100.0000 England III COOEC-Fluor Heavy Industries Co., Ltd. 49.0000 China III Fluor Workforce Solutions Limited 100.0000 England IV CSP EG S.L. 65.0000 Equatorial Guinea III Fluor Limited 100.0000 England IV Fluor Pension Trustee Limited 100.0000 England IV FPMM, XXK (FPMM, LLC-English translation) 100.0000 Mongolia V Mongolian National Facility Services (MNFS) LLC 49.0000 Mongolia III Fluor Projects Limited 100.0000 England 
 14 

Subsidiary Name Percent Holding Organized Under 
 Laws of 

III Kazakh Projects Joint Venture Limited 50.0000 England III PFD (UK) Limited 50.0000 England III TRS Staffing Solutions Limited 100.0000 England II Fluor International, Inc. 100.0000 California III Fluor Mideast Limited 100.0000 California III Iraq Construction Ltd. 100.0000 British Virgin Islands IV Iraq Water General Contracting Company L.L.C. 100.0000 Iraq II Fluor Ireland Limited 100.0000 Ireland III TRS Staffing Solutions Limited 100.0000 Ireland II Fluor Kazakhstan Inc. 100.0000 Texas III Fluor Texas, Inc. 100.0000 Texas II Fluor Maintenance Services, Inc. 100.0000 California II Fluor Mediterranean, Inc. 100.0000 California II Fluor Mining and Metals France, Inc. 100.0000 Delaware II Fluor NE, Inc. 100.0000 Arizona III ADP FD of Nevada, Inc. 100.0000 Nevada II Fluor Nuclear Services, Inc. 100.0000 Ohio II Fluor Oak Ridge, LLC 100.0000 Delaware II Fluor Projects, Inc. 100.0000 Texas II Fluor Rovuma, Inc. 100.0000 Delaware II Fluor Scaffolding, Inc. 100.0000 Delaware II Fluor Services International, Inc. 100.0000 Nevada II Fluor Spain Holding S.L. 96.0000 Spain III Fluor Plant Engineering, S.A. 100.0000 Spain III Technical Resource Solutions, S.L. 100.0000 Spain II Fluor SPN, Inc. 100.0000 Delaware II Fluor Supply Chain Solutions Singapore Pte. Ltd. 100.0000 Singapore II Fluor Technologies Corporation 100.0000 Delaware III KazakhNefteGasServis Limited Liability Partnership 50.0000 Kazakhstan II Fluor Transworld Services, Inc. 100.0000 California II Fluor US Services, Inc. 100.0000 Delaware II Fluor-Brady, LLC 50.0000 Delaware II Fluor-Lane, LLC 65.0000 Delaware II Fluor-Lane 95, LLC 65.0000 Delaware II Fluor-Lane South Carolina, LLC 55.0000 Delaware II Fluor-United Asheville, LLC 60.0000 Delaware II Fluor HDR Global Design Consultants, LLC 50.0000 Delaware II FM Operating Services, LLC 50.0000 Delaware II FMC Holding Company LLC 100.0000 Delaware III Fluor Management Company L.P. 20.5277 Delaware II Global Project Execution, Inc. 100.0000 Delaware II Goar, Allison & Associates, LLC 100.0000 Texas 
 15 

Subsidiary Name Percent Holding Organized Under 
 Laws of 

II Indo-Mauritian Affiliates Limited 100.0000 Mauritius III Fluor Daniel India Private Limited 20.0000 India II Infrastructure Civil Equipment, LLC 100.0000 Delaware II Integrated Solutions France, Inc. 100.0000 Delaware II Integrated Solutions Services, Inc. 100.0000 California II LAX Integrated Express Solutions HoldCo, LLC 27.0000 Delaware III LAX Integrated Express Solutions, LLC 100.0000 Delaware II Middle East Fluor 100.0000 California II NuScale Holdings Corp. 76.1875 Oregon III NuScale Power Corporation 0.2089 Delaware III NuScale Power, LLC 0.2089 Oregon II NuScale Power Corporation 56.7251 Delaware III NuScale Power, LLC 19.6455 Oregon II NuScale Power, LLC 56.7251 Oregon II P2S Bermuda, LLC 100.0000 Delaware II Pegasus Link Constructors, LLC 55.0000 Delaware II PESIL Inc. 100.0000 Illinois II PESNC Inc. 100.0000 North Carolina II Plant Engineering Services LLC 100.0000 Delaware II Plant Performance Services International LLC 100.0000 Delaware II Purple Line Transit Constructors, LLC 50.0000 Delaware II Servicios Mineria, Inc. 100.0000 Delaware II Soli-Flo LLC 25.0000 Delaware III Soli.Flo, Inc. 100.0000 Delaware IV Soli-Flo Material Transfer, L.P. 1.0000 California IV Soli-Flo Partners, L.P. 1.0000 California II Soli-Flo Material Transfer, L.P. 24.7500 California II Soli-Flo Partners, L.P. 24.7500 California II Strategic Organizational Systems Enterprises, Inc. 100.0000 California III Strategic Organizational Systems Environmental Engineering Division, Inc. 100.0000 Texas II Stork USA, Inc. 100.0000 Delaware III Stork Maintenance Services, Inc. 100.0000 Delaware II Support Services International, LLC 100.0000 South Carolina II Tappan Zee Constructors, LLC 30.0000 Delaware II TDF Inc. 100.0000 California III Fluor Daniel Engineers S.A. (Pty) Limited 100.0000 Liechtenstein IV Trans-Africa Projects Ltd. 50.0000 Mauritius IV Trans-Africa Projects (Pty) Ltd. 50.0000 South Africa III Fluor S.A. (Pty) Limited 100.0000 Liechtenstein IV Fluor Global Plant Services (Proprietary) Limited 100.0000 South Africa IV Fluor South Africa Proprietary Limited 90.0000 South Africa V FLAG Joint Venture 46.8000 South Africa (JV) 
 16 

Subsidiary Name Percent Holding Organized Under 
 Laws of 

V TRS Staffing Solutions (Pty) Ltd 100.0000 South Africa IV Fluor-Igoda Projects (Proprietary) Limited 100.0000 South Africa II Venezco, Inc. 100.0000 California II 
 Virta Inc. 100.0000 Delaware III Virta Chile SpA 100.0000 Chile II Walsh-Fluor Design-Build Team LLC 40.0000 Illinois II Williams Brothers Engineering Company 100.0000 Delaware III Fluor Argentina, Inc. 100.0000 Delaware IV Fluor Argentina Inc. Sucursal Argentina TECHINT Compania Tecnica Internacional S.A.C.I-Union 50.0000 Argentina III TRS Labour Hire Solutions Pty Ltd 100.0000 Australia II WODECO Nigeria Limited 60.0000 Nigeria I Fluor Holding Company LLC 100.0000 Delaware II Fluor Management Company L.P. 33.4047 Delaware II Mineral Resource Development Corporation 100.0000 Delaware III St. Joe Participacoes Ltda. 0.0125 Brazil II St. Joe Participacoes Ltda 99.9875 Brazil I TRS Staffing Solutions, Inc. 100.0000 South Carolina II Agensi Pekerjaan TRS Malaysia SDN. BHD. 49.00 Malaysia II TRS Craft Services, Inc. 100.0000 Delaware II TRS FAR EAST SDN. BHD. 100.0000 Malaysia III Agensi Pekerjaan TRS Malaysia SDN. BHD. 51.0000 Malaysia II TRS International Group, S. de R.L. de C.V. 99.0460 Mexico II TRS International Payroll Co. 100.0000 Texas III TRS Staffing Solutions India Private Limited 0.1000 India II TRS SA HOLDING COMPANY (PTY) LTD 100.0000 South Africa III TRS SEARCH AND SELECTION (Pty) Ltd 100.0000 South Africa II TRS STAFFING SOLUTIONS (PROPRIETARY) LIMITED 100.0000 Botswana II TRS Staffing Solutions Belgium BV 100.0000 Belgium II TRS Staffing Solutions GmbH 100.0000 Germany II TRS Staffing Solutions India Private Limited 99.9000 India II TRS Staffing Solutions Mozambique, Limitada 1.0000 Mozambique II TRS Staffing Solutions, S. de R.L. de C.V. 99.8000 Mexico (1) Does not include certain subsidiaries which if considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary would not constitute a significant subsidiary 

17 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ex231q42022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-148269) pertaining to the Fluor 409A Executive Deferred Compensation Program, 
 2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-148270) pertaining to the Fluor Corporation 409A Deferred Directors' Fees Program, 
 3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-188379) pertaining to the Fluor Corporation Amended and Restated 2008 Executive Performance Incentive Plan, 
 4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-217653) pertaining to the Fluor Corporation 2017 Performance Incentive Plan, 
 5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-226546) pertaining to the Fluor Corporation 409A Executive Deferred Compensation Program, 
 6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-251426) pertaining to the Fluor Corporation 2020 Performance Incentive Plan, 
 7) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-260823) pertaining to Executive Officer Inducement Awards, and 
 8) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-262900) and related Prospectus of Fluor Corporation pertaining to the registration of its debt securities, common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares, warrants, purchase contracts and units 
 
 of our reports dated February 21, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Fluor Corporation and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Fluor Corporation included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Fluor Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 February 21, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex311q42022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE 15d-14(a) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 I, David E. Constable, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Fluor Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 21, 2023 
 By s David E. Constable David E. Constable Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex312q42022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE 15d-14(a) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 I, Joseph L. Brennan, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Fluor Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 21, 2023 
 By s Joseph L. Brennan Joseph L. Brennan Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex321q42022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(b) OR RULE 15d-14(b) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 AND 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Fluor Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David E. Constable, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, for purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 21, 2023 
 By s David E. Constable David E. Constable Chief Executive Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ex322q42022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(b) OR RULE 15d-14(b) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 AND 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Fluor Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Joseph L. Brennan, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, for purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 21, 2023 
 By s Joseph L. Brennan Joseph L. Brennan Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 flr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 flr-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 flr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 flr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 flr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

