<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230323_10-K_edgar_data_844059_0000844059-23-000014.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12460892</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>229805</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3811410</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3807847</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1809646</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2418474</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000844059-23-000014.hdr.sgml : 20230323
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230322181134
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000844059-23-000014
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230323
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230322

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FRP HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000844059
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		IRS NUMBER:				472449198
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36769
		FILM NUMBER:		23753983

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 W. FORSYTH ST.
		STREET 2:		7TH FLOOR
		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9043965733

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 W. FORSYTH ST.
		STREET 2:		7TH FLOOR
		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PATRIOT TRANSPORTATION HOLDING INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010425

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FRP PROPERTIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000844059-23-000014.txt : 20230323

10-K
 1
 frph10k22.htm
 FRPH FORM 10K

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 _________________ 

 FORM 

 _________________ 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number: 

 _____________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 _____________________ 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act: None 

 _________________ 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [_] [X] 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [_] [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. [X] No [_] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). [X] No [_] 

1 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer [_] 
 
 Accelerated filer [_] 

[X] 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [_] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. [_] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [_] [X] 

The number of shares of the registrant s
stock outstanding as of March 17, 2023 was .
The aggregate market value of the shares of Common Stock held by non affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last day
of business of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was . Solely for purposes of this calculation, the registrant
has assumed that all directors, officers and ten percent (10 shareholders of the Company are affiliates of the registrant. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 Portions of the FRP Holdings, Inc. 2022 Annual
Report to Shareholders are incorporated by reference in Parts I and II. 

Portions of the FRP Holdings, Inc. Proxy Statement
which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than March 31, 2023 are incorporated by reference in Part III. 

2 

FRP HOLDINGS, INC. 

 FORM 10-K 

 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

5 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

6 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

12 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

12 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

16 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

16 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

17 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 

17 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

17 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

18 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

18 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

18 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

18 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

19 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

19 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

20 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

20 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

20 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

21 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

21 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits 

21 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 

21 

Signatures 

22 

3 

Preliminary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements. 

Certain matters discussed in the report contain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The words or phrases anticipate, estimate, 
 believe, budget, continue, could, intend, may, plan, 
 potential, predict, seek, should, will, would, expect, 
 objective, projection, forecast, goal, guidance, outlook, 
 effort, target and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect management s
current views with respect to financial results related to future events and are based on assumptions and expectations that may not be
realized and are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which cannot be predicted with accuracy and some of which might
not even be anticipated. Future events and actual results, financial or otherwise, may differ, perhaps materially, from the results discussed
in the forward-looking statements. Risk factors discussed in Item 1A of this Form 10-K and other factors that might cause differences,
some of which could be material, include, but are not limited to: the impact of the Covid-19 Pandemic on our operations and financial
results; the possibility that we may be unable to find appropriate investment opportunities; levels of construction activity in the markets
served by our mining properties; demand for flexible warehouse/office facilities in the Baltimore-Washington-Northern Virginia area; demand
for apartments in Washington D.C., Richmond, Virginia and Greenville, South Carolina; our ability to obtain zoning and entitlements necessary
for property development; the impact of lending and capital market conditions on our liquidity, our ability to finance projects or repay
our debt; general real estate investment and development risks; vacancies in our properties; risks associated with developing and managing
properties in partnership with others; competition; our ability to renew leases or re-lease spaces as leases expire; illiquidity of real
estate investments; bankruptcy or defaults of tenants; the impact of restrictions imposed by our credit facility; the level and volatility
of interest rates; environmental liabilities; inflation risks; cyber security risks; as well as other risks listed from time to time in
our SEC filings, including but not limited to, our annual and quarterly reports. We have no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking
statements, other than as imposed by law, as a result of future events or new information. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on such forward-looking statements. Additional information regarding these and other risk factors may be found in the Company s
other filings made from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

4 

PART I 

Item 1. BUSINESS. 

FRP Holdings, Inc., a Florida corporation (the Company was incorporated on April 22, 2014 in connection with a corporate reorganization that preceded the Spin-off of Patriot Transportation
Holding, Inc. The Company s predecessor issuer was formed on July 20, 1998. The business of the Company is conducted through our
wholly-owned subsidiaries FRP Development Corp., a Maryland corporation, and Florida Rock Properties, Inc., a Florida corporation, and
the various subsidiaries and joint ventures of each. 

Our Business. The Company is a holding company
engaged in various real estate businesses. Our business segments are: (i) leasing and management of commercial properties owned by the
Company (the Asset Management Segment ), (ii) leasing and management of mining royalty land owned by the Company (the Mining
Royalty Lands Segment ), (iii) real property acquisition, entitlement, development and construction primarily for apartment, retail,
warehouse, and office buildings either alone or through joint ventures (the Development Segment ), (iv) ownership, leasing
and management of buildings through joint ventures (the Stabilized Joint Venture Segment ). 

The Asset Management Segment owns, leases and manages
in-service commercial properties wholly owned by the Company. Currently this includes seven warehouses in two business parks, an office
building partially occupied by the Company, and two ground leases. 

Our Mining Royalty Lands Segment owns several properties
totaling approximately 16,650 acres currently under lease for mining rents or royalties and an additional 4,280 acres through our Brooksville
joint venture with Vulcan Materials. Other than one location in Virginia, all of our mining properties are located in Florida and
Georgia. 

Our Development Segment owns and continuously monitors
the highest and best use of parcels of land that are in various stages of development. The overall strategy for this segment is to
convert all of our non-income producing property into income-producing property through (i) an orderly process of constructing new apartment,
retail, warehouse, and office buildings to be operated by the Company or (ii) a sale to, or joint venture with, third parties. Additionally,
our Development Segment will form joint ventures on new developments of land not previously owned by the Company. 

The Stabilized Joint Venture Segment includes joint
ventures which own, lease and manage buildings that have met our initial lease-up criteria. We intend to transfer additional joint ventures
from our Development Segment into this segment as they reach stabilization. Stabilization occurs when a minimum occupancy threshold has
been achieved for a certain period of time. 

Competition. As a developer, we compete with
numerous developers, owners and operators of real estate, many of whom own properties similar to ours in the same submarkets in which
our properties are located. Price, location, rental space availability, flexibility of design and property management services are the
major factors that affect competition. 

Customers. In the Mining Royalty Lands Segment,
we have a total of five tenants currently leasing our mining locations, and Vulcan Materials Company Vulcan or Vulcan
Materials accounted for 23 of the Company s consolidated revenues in 2022. An event affecting Vulcan s ability to
perform under its lease agreements could materially impact the Company s results. 

Sales and Marketing. We use national brokerage
firms to assist us in marketing our vacant properties. Our hands on in-house management team focuses on tenant satisfaction during the
life of the lease which we have found to be very beneficial with respect to our tenant renewal success rate over the years. 

5 

Financial Information. Financial information
is discussed by industry segment in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements included in the accompanying 2022 Annual Report to
Shareholders, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic. We have continued
operations throughout the pandemic and have made every effort to act in accordance with national, state, and local regulations and guidelines.
We expect our business to be affected by the pandemic for as long as government intervention and regulation is deemed necessary to combat
the threat. 

Environmental Matters. The Company incurs costs
from time to time to investigate and remediate environmental contamination on its real estate, in particular, in connection with our Development
Segment. The Company's mining leases contain provisions under which the lessee is responsible for environmental liabilities and reclamation
of mining sites at least to the extent required by law. 

Human Capital. The Company employed 13 people
and was provided services by three executive officers under a related party agreement at December 31, 2022. Our small but dedicated workforce
has extraordinarily low turnover, and the average tenure of our employee is 13.4 years. We are committed to an inclusive and diverse culture
and do not tolerate any sort of discrimination. We maintain a whistleblower hotline allowing employees to report complaints on an anonymous
basis. 

Company Website. The Company s website
may be accessed at www.frpdev.com. All of our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission are accessible through our website promptly
after filing. This includes annual reports on Form 10-K, proxy statements, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports filed or furnished
on Form 8-K and all related amendments. 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

Our future results may be affected by a number of
factors over which we have little or no control. The following issues, uncertainties, and risks, among others, should be considered in
evaluating our business and outlook. Also, note that additional risks not currently identified or known to us could also negatively impact
our business or financial results. 

 Risks Relating to our Business 

A decline in the economic conditions in Baltimore
and Washington, D.C. markets could adversely affect our business. 

Nearly all of our residential/mixed-use and commercial
properties are located in the Baltimore area and Washington, D.C. We are, therefore, subject to increased exposure to (positive or negative)
economic factors and other competitive factors specific to markets in confined geographic areas. Our operations may also be affected if
too many competing properties are built in these markets. An economic downturn in these markets resulting from factors outside of our
control could adversely affect our operation. Such a downturn could be triggered by such factors as the downsizing or relocation of government
jobs, increased work from home opportunities, crime or acts of terrorism. We cannot be sure that these markets will continue to grow or
demand the type of assets in our portfolio. 

We conduct a significant portion of our operations
through joint ventures, which may lead to disagreements with our joint venture partners and adversely affect our interests in the joint
ventures. 

We currently are a party to several joint ventures
and we may enter into additional joint ventures in the future. In each of our existing joint ventures, the consent of our joint venture
partner is required to take certain actions, and in some cases will share equal voting control. Our joint venture partners, as well as
future partners, may have interests that are different from ours which may result in conflicting views as to the conduct of the joint
ventures. In the event that we have a disagreement with a joint venture partner as to the resolution of a particular issue to come before
the joint venture, or as to the conduct or management of the 

6 

joint venture generally, we may not be able to resolve
such disagreement in our favor and such a disagreement could have a material adverse effect on our interest in the joint venture or on
the business of the joint venture generally. 

Our business may be adversely affected by seasonal
factors and harsh weather conditions. 

The Mining Royalty Lands Segment and the Development
Segment could be adversely affected by reduced construction and mining activity during periods of inclement weather. These factors could
cause our operating results to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. An occurrence of unusually harsh or long-lasting inclement weather such
as hurricanes, tornadoes and heavy snowfalls could have an adverse effect on our operations and profitability. 

Our business could be negatively impacted by cyberattacks
targeting our computer and telecommunications systems and infrastructure, or targeting those of our third-party service providers. 

Our business, like other companies in our industry,
has become increasingly dependent on digital technologies, including technologies that are managed by third-party service providers on
whom we rely to help us collect, host or process information. Such technologies are integrated into our business operations. Use of the
internet and other public networks for communications, services, and storage, including cloud computing, exposes all users
(including our business) to cybersecurity risks. 

While we and our third-party service providers commit
resources to the design, implementation, and monitoring of our information systems, there is no guarantee that our security measures will
provide absolute security. Despite these security measures, we may not be able to anticipate, detect, or prevent cyberattacks, particularly
because the methodologies used by attackers change frequently or may not be recognized until launched, and because attackers are increasingly
using techniques designed to circumvent controls and avoid detection. We and our third-party service providers may therefore be vulnerable
to security events that are beyond our control, and we may be the target of cyber-attacks, as well as physical attacks, which could result
in information security breaches and significant disruption to our business. 

Our revenues depend in part on construction sector activity, which tends
to be cyclical. 

Our Mining Royalty Lands Segment revenues are derived
from royalties on construction aggregates mined on our properties. Thus, our results depend in part on residential, commercial and infrastructure
construction activity and spending levels. The construction industry in our markets tends to be cyclical. Construction activity and spending
levels vary across our markets and are influenced by interest rates, inflation, consumer spending habits, demographic shifts, environmental
laws and regulations, employment levels and the availability of funds for public infrastructure projects. Economic downturns may lead
to recessions in the construction industry, either in individual markets or nationally. 

Our operations are subject to various environmental
laws and regulations, the violation of which could result in substantial fines or penalties. 

Liability for environmental contamination on real
property owned by the Company may include the following costs, without limitation: investigation and feasibility study costs, remediation
costs, litigation costs, oversight costs, monitoring costs, institutional control costs, penalties from state and federal agencies and
third-party claims. These costs could be substantial and in extreme cases could exceed the value of the contaminated property. Moreover,
on-site operations may be suspended until certain environmental contamination is remediated and/or permits are received, and governmental
agencies can impose permanent restrictions on the manner in which a property may be used depending on the extent and nature of the contamination.
This may result in a breach of the terms of the lease entered into with our tenants. Governmental agencies also may create liens on contaminated
sites for damages it incurred to address such contamination. In addition, the presence of hazardous substances at, on, under or from a
property may adversely affect our ability to sell the property or borrow funds using the property as collateral, thus harming our financial
condition. 

The presence of contaminated material at our Riverfront
on the Anacostia development site will subject 

7 

us to substantial environmental liability and costs
as construction proceeds. 

With respect to
Phases III and IV of the Riverfront on the Anacostia site in Washington, D.C., preliminary environmental testing has indicated the presence
of contaminated material that will have to be specially handled in excavation in conjunction with construction. While we have recovered
partial reimbursement for these costs from neighboring property owners, we still expect to incur significant environmental costs in connection
with construction. 

The Company has no obligation to remediate this contamination
on Phases III and IV of the development until such time as it makes a commitment to commence construction on each phase. The Company's
actual expense to address this issue may be materially higher or lower than the expense previously recorded depending upon the actual
costs incurred. 

Our operations could be adversely affected by climate
change and climate change regulations. 

Climate change presents an array of risks to real
estate companies due to sea level rise, flooding, extreme weather, stronger storms and human migration. [We have accounted for the risk
of flooding and sea level rise in the design of our Riverfront on the Anacostia development.] Future developments, including potential
 second life uses of our mining properties, could be impacted by these factors and the impacts that they have on human behavior. 

Uninsured losses could significantly reduce our
earnings. 

We self-insure for a portion of our claims exposure
resulting from workers compensation, auto liability, general liability and employees health insurance. We also are responsible
for our legal expenses relating to such claims. We maintain insurance above the amounts for which we self-insure with licensed insurance
carriers. Although we believe the aggregate insurance limits should be sufficient to cover reasonably expected claims, it is possible
that one or more claims could exceed our aggregate coverage limits. Additionally, there are certain losses, such as losses from hurricanes,
terrorism, wars or earthquakes, where insurance is limited or not economically justifiable. If the Company experiences an uninsured loss
of real property, we could lose both the invested capital and anticipated revenues associated with such property. We accrue currently
for estimated incurred losses and expenses and periodically evaluate and adjust our claims accrued liability to reflect our experience.
However, ultimate results may differ from our estimates, which could result in losses greater than accrued amounts. 

We may be unable to renew leases or re-lease properties
as leases expire. 

When a lease expires, a tenant may elect not to renew
it. If that occurs, we may not be able to lease the property on similar terms. The terms of renewal or re-lease (including the cost of
required renovations and concessions to tenants) may be less favorable than the prior lease. If we are unable to lease all or substantially
all of our properties, or if the rental rates upon such re-leasing are significantly lower than expected rates, our cash generated before
debt repayments and capital expenditures may be adversely affected. 

We may be unable to lease currently vacant properties. 

If we are unable to obtain leases sufficient to cover
carrying costs, then our cash flows may be adversely affected. 

The bankruptcy or insolvency of significant tenants
with long-term leases may adversely affect income produced by our properties. 

Should tenants default on their obligations, our cash
flow would be adversely affected, and we may not be able to find another tenant to occupy the space under similar terms or may have to
make expenditures to retrofit or divide the space. Additionally, we may have to incur a non-cash expense for a significant amount of deferred
rent revenue generated from the accounting requirement to straight-line rental revenues. The bankruptcy or insolvency of a major tenant
may also adversely affect the income produced by a property. If 

8 

any of our tenants become a debtor in a case under
the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, we cannot evict that tenant solely because of its bankruptcy. The bankruptcy court may authorize the tenant
to reject and terminate its lease with the Company. Our claim against such a tenant for unpaid future rent would be subject to a statutory
limitation that may be substantially less than the remaining rent actually owed to us under the tenant s lease. Any shortfall in
rent payments could adversely affect our cash flow. 

Our inability to obtain necessary approvals for
property development could adversely affect our profitability. 

We may be unable to obtain, or incur delays in obtaining,
necessary zoning, land-use, building, occupancy and other required governmental permits and authorizations, which could result in increased
costs or abandonment of certain projects. Before we can develop a property, we must obtain a variety of approvals from local and state
governments with respect to such matters as zoning, density, parking, subdivision, site planning and environmental issues. Legislation
could impose moratoriums on new real estate development or land-use conversions from mining to development. These factors may reduce our
profit or growth and may limit the value of these properties. 

Real estate investments are not as liquid as other
types of assets. 

The illiquid nature of real estate investments may
limit our ability to react promptly to changes in economic or other conditions. In addition, significant expenditures associated with
real estate investments, such as mortgage payments, real estate taxes and maintenance costs, are generally not reduced when circumstances
cause a reduction in income from the investments. Thus, the illiquid nature of our real estate investments could adversely affect our
profitability under certain economic conditions. 

Our debt service obligations may have adverse consequences
on our business operations. 

We use debt to finance our operations, including acquisitions
of properties. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding non-recourse mortgage indebtedness of 180,070,000, secured by developed real
estate properties having a carrying value of 254,856,000. Our use of debt may have adverse consequences, including the following: 

Our cash flows from operations
may not be sufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest. 

We may be forced to dispose
of one or more of our properties, possibly on disadvantageous terms, to make payments on our debt. 

We may default on our debt obligations,
and the lenders may foreclose on our properties that collateralize those loans. 

A foreclosure on one of our
properties could create taxable income without any accompanying cash proceeds to pay the tax. 

We may not be able to refinance
or extend our existing debt. 

The terms of any refinancing
or extension may not be as favorable as the terms of our existing debt. 

We may not be able to issue
debt on unencumbered properties under reasonable terms to finance growth of our portfolio of properties. 

We may be subject to a significant
increase in the variable interest rates on our unsecured and secured lines of credit, which could adversely impact our operations. 

Our debt agreements have yield
maintenance requirements that result in a penalty if we prepay loans. 

Our uncollateralized revolving credit agreement
restricts our ability to engage in some business activities. 

Our uncollateralized revolving credit agreement contains
customary negative covenants and other financial and operating covenants that, among other things: 

9 

restricts our ability to incur
certain additional indebtedness; 

restricts our ability to make
certain investments; 

restricts our ability to merge
with another company; 

restricts our ability to pay
dividends; 

requires us to maintain financial
coverage ratios; and 

requires us to not encumber
certain assets except as approved by the lenders. 

These restrictions could cause us to default on our
unsecured line of credit or negatively affect our operations. 

The replacement of LIBOR with an alternative reference
rate may adversely affect interest expense related to outstanding debt and our financial results. 

The United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority
(FCA) has announced that it would phase out LIBOR as a benchmark by June 30, 2023. We will need to agree upon a replacement index with
our lenders, which would require an amendment to our borrowing arrangements that use LIBOR as a factor in determining the interest rate
(including our credit agreement with Wells Fargo), and the interest rate thereunder will likely change. 

The U.S. Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the
Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering committee comprised of large U.S. financial institutions, is considering replacing U.S.
dollar LIBOR with a new index, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), calculated using short-term repurchase agreements backed by
Treasury securities. Whether or not SOFR, or another alternative reference rate, attains market traction as a LIBOR replacement tool remains
in question. 

The transition to an alternative rate will require
careful and deliberate consideration and implementation so as to not disrupt the stability of financial markets. There is no guarantee
that a transition from LIBOR to an alternative will not result in financial market disruptions, significant increases in benchmark rates,
or borrowing costs to borrowers, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Furthermore, any changes announced by the FCA, U.S. Federal Reserve, or other regulators in the method pursuant to which the reference
rates are determined may result in a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in the reported reference rates, which could have an adverse
effect on our interest payments and our results of operations and financial condition. 

Fluctuations in value of our U.S. Treasury debt
investments. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had total investments
of 161,585,000 in U.S. Treasury Notes which mature in late 2023. The Company measures the fair value of these investments on a quarterly
basis and recognizes the unrealized gain or loss in its comprehensive income. As a result, the Company s comprehensive income will
be impacted by factors outside our control such as fluctuations in interest rates that impact the value of our investment portfolio. The
Company could incur losses should it sell the Notes prior to maturity. 

Our Asset Management and Development Segments face
competition from numerous sources. 

As a developer of apartments, retail, flexible warehouse
and office space, we compete with numerous developers, owners and operators of real estate, many of whom own properties similar to ours
in the same submarkets in which our properties are located. If our competitors offer space at rental rates below current market rates,
or below the rental rates we currently charge our tenants, we may lose potential tenants and we may be pressured to reduce our rental
rates to an amount lower than we currently charge in order to retain tenants when our tenants leases expire. As a result, our financial
condition, results of operations, cash flow and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected. 

Construction costs may be higher than anticipated . 

Our long-term business plan includes a number of construction
projects. The construction costs of these 

10 

projects may exceed original estimates and possibly
make the completion of a property uneconomical. Building material commodity shortages, supply chain disruptions, construction delays or
stoppages or rapidly escalating construction costs may out-pace market rents, which would adversely affect our profits. The market environment
and existing lease commitments may not allow us to raise rents to cover these higher costs. 

Risks Relating to our Common Stock 

Certain shareholders have effective control of a significant percentage
of FRP's common stock and would have significant influence on the outcome of any shareholder vote. 

As of December 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer,
John D. Baker, II beneficially owned approximately 15.7 of the outstanding shares of our common stock (79.9 of which are held in trusts
under which voting power is shared with other family members) and members of his family who are (i) officers or directors of the company,
(ii) required to report their beneficial ownership on Schedule 13D or Schedule 13G, or (iii) are members of his immediate family beneficially
own, collectively, an additional 22 of the outstanding shares of our common stock. As a result, these individuals effectively may have
the ability to direct the election of all members of our board of directors and to exercise a controlling influence over its business
and affairs, including any determinations with respect to mergers or other business combinations involving the Company, its acquisition
or disposition of assets, its borrowing of monies, its issuance of any additional securities, its repurchase of common stock and its payment
of dividends. 

Provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws and certain provisions
of Florida law could delay or prevent a change in control of FRP. 

The existence of some provisions of our articles of
incorporation and bylaws and Florida law could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of FRP that a shareholder may consider
favorable. These include provisions: 

providing that directors may be removed by our shareholders
only for cause; 

authorizing a large number of shares of stock that
are not yet issued, which would allow FRP s board of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, thereby
protecting the continuity of its management, or which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of persons seeking to obtain control
of FRP; 

prohibiting shareholders from calling special meetings
of shareholders or taking action by written consent; and 

imposing advance notice requirements for nominations
of candidates for election to our board of directors at the annual shareholder meetings. 

These provisions apply even if a takeover offer may
be considered beneficial by some shareholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our board of directors determines is not
in the Company s or the shareholders best interests. 

FRP may issue preferred stock with terms that could
dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our common stock. 

Our articles of incorporation authorize us to issue,
without the approval of our shareholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designations, powers, preferences
and relative, participating, optional and other rights, and such qualifications, limitations or restrictions as our board of directors
generally may determine. The terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could dilute the voting power or reduce the value
of FRP's common stock. For example, FRP could grant holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of its directors in all
events or on the happening of specified events or the right to veto specified transactions. Similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights
or dividend, distribution or liquidation 

11 

preferences FRP could assign to holders of preferred
stock could affect the residual value of the common stock. 

Institutional investor focus on environmental,
social and governance issues may impact our stock price. 

Many large institutional investors focus on sustainability
in managing investment risks, portfolio design and dealing with companies in which they invest. This focus extends to climate change and
the plan for transitioning to a net-zero economy, diversity and inclusion and other human resource matters, and social and governance
issues and corporate social responsibility. While we are proud of the returns to shareholders and our sustainable practices in construction
and environmental management, we recognize our responsibility to focus on these key issues that impact our long-term sustainability. Our
failure to demonstrate this commitment could dissuade institutional investors from holding our stock, which would result in downward pressure
on our stock price. 

Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

Item 2. PROPERTIES. 

The Company owns (predominately in fee simple but
also through ownership of interests in joint ventures) approximately 21,000 acres of land in Florida, Georgia, Maryland, Virginia, South
Carolina, and the District of Columbia. This land is generally held by the Company in four distinct segments: (i) Asset Management Segment
(land owned and operated as income producing rental properties in the form of commercial properties), (ii) Mining Royalty Lands Segment
(land owned and leased to mining companies for royalties or rents), (iii) Development Segment (land owned and held for investment to be
further developed for future income production or sales to third parties), and (iv) Stabilized Joint Venture Segment (ownership, leasing
and management of buildings through joint ventures). 

Asset Management Segment. As of December 31,
2022, the Asset Management Segment includes eight buildings at four commercial properties owned by the Company in fee simple as follows: 

1) 34 Loveton Circle in suburban Baltimore County,
Maryland consists of one office building totaling 33,708 square feet which is 95.1 occupied (16 of the space is occupied by the Company
for use as our Baltimore headquarters). The property is subject to commercial leases with various tenants. 

2) 155 E. 21 st Street in Duval County,
Florida was an office building property that remains under lease through March 2026. We permitted the tenant to demolish all structures
on the property during 2018. 

3) Cranberry Run Business Park in Hartford County,
Maryland consists of five office buildings totaling 267,737 square feet which are 100 leased and occupied. The property is subject to
commercial leases with various tenants. 

4) Hollander 95 Business Park in Baltimore City, Maryland
consists of two buildings totaling 145,590 square feet that were completed in the fourth quarter of 2021 and are 100.0 leased and 45.4 
occupied 

Mining Royalty Lands Segment. 

Introduction. 

Pursuant to amendments to Regulation S-K of the Securities
Act of 1933 Regulation S-K adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission in 2018, effective for fiscal years beginning
on or after January 1, 2021, registrants with material mining operations must disclose certain information in their Securities and Exchange 

12 

Act filings concerning mineral resources and mineral
reserves, in accordance with to Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K. This section of Item 2 provides summary information about our overall
portfolio of mining royalty properties. 

Our mining leases do not require tenants to furnish
technical report summaries that meet the requirements of Rule 1302, and the Company does not otherwise have access to the technical data
required to determine precise amounts of each class of mineral resource or probable or proven resources. In accordance with Rule 1303(a)(3),
the Company is providing all required information in its possession or which it can obtain without incurring an unreasonable burden or
expense. 

The Company periodically engages consultants to examine
reserve estimates and geological studies conducted by tenants and their industry professionals. 

Locations. The following map presents
the locations of the Company s mining properties, which are discussed by segment (as reported in the Company s financial statements)
below: 

Mining Properties . The Company owns
a fee simple interest in 14 open pit aggregates quarries located in Florida, Georgia and Virginia, which comprise approximately 16,650
total acres. The Company s quarries are subject to mining leases with various tenants, including Vulcan Materials, Martin Marietta,
Cemex, Argos, and The Concrete Company. Aggregates consist of crushed stone, sand, gravel, fill dirt, limestone and calcium and are used
primarily in construction applications. 

Nine of the Company s quarries (located in Grandin,
FL, Fort Myers, FL, Keuka, FL, Newberry, FL, Astatula, FL, Columbus, GA, Macon, GA, Tyrone, GA, and Manassas, VA; totaling 13,876 acres)
are currently being mined, and five of the Company s quarries (located in Marion County, FL, Lake Louisa, FL, Astatula, FL and Lake
Sand, FL and Forest Park, GA; totaling 2,778 acres) are leased but are not currently being mined. Our 

13 

typical mining lease requires the tenant to pay the
Company a royalty based on the number of tons of mined materials sold from our mining property during a given fiscal year multiplied by
a percentage of the average annual sales price per ton sold. In certain locations, typically where the reserves on the property have been
depleted but the tenant still has a need for the leased land, we collect a minimum annual rental amount. In the fiscal years ended December
31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, aggregate tons sold with respect to the Company s mining properties were approximately 9,525,000, 7,575,000
and 8,206,000, respectively. 

In May 2014, the Company entered into an amendment
to our lease with Vulcan for our Fort Myers location requiring that the mining be accelerated and that the mining plan be conformed to
accommodate the future construction of up to 105 residential dwelling units around the mined lakes. In return, the Company granted Lee
County an option to purchase a right of way for a connector road that would benefit the residential area on our property and to place
a conservation easement on part of the property, which the County exercised in 2020. Mining activity commenced in 2017 following Lee County s
issuance of a mine operating permit allowing Vulcan to begin production. 

In November 2017, Lake County commissioners voted
to approve a permit to Cemex to mine the Company s land in Lake Louisa, Florida. The county issued the permit in July 2019. Cemex
expects to begin mining after completing the work necessary to prepare this site to become an active sand mine. 

Brooksville Joint Venture. Additionally,
through a joint venture with Vulcan Materials, the Company owns a 50 interest in 4,280 acres of mixed-use property in Brooksville, Florida,
a portion of which comprises a ground calcium mine that is mined by Vulcan Materials. The Company entered into the joint venture in 2006
for the purpose of jointly owning and developing the land as a mixed-use community. In April 2011, the Florida Department of Community
Affairs issued its final order approving the development of the project consisting of 5,800 residential dwelling units and over 600,000
square feet of commercial and 850,000 of light industrial uses. Zoning for the project was approved by the County in August 2012. Vulcan
Materials still mines on the property and the Company receives 100 of the royalty on all tons sold at the Brooksville property. In the
fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, aggregate tons sold were approximately 244,000, 280,000 and 285,000, respectively. 

Other Properties. The Company also owns
an additional 36 acres of investment property in Brooksville, Florida. 

Development Segment Warehouse/Office Land. 

At December 31, 2022, this segment owned the following
future development parcels: 

1) Six acres of horizontally developed land at Hollander Business Park in Baltimore City, Maryland with one
101,750 square feet industrial build-to-suit awaiting final certificate of occupancy. 

2) 54 acres of land that will be capable of supporting over 690,000 square feet of industrial product located
at 1001 Old Philadelphia Road in Aberdeen, Maryland. 

3) 17 acres of land in Harford County, Maryland that can accommodate 259,000 square feet of industrial development. 

4) 170 acres of land in Cecil County, Maryland that can accommodate 900,000 square feet of industrial development. 

Development Segment Land Held for Investment
or Sale. 

At December 31, 2022, this segment was invested in
the following development parcels: 

1) Riverfront on the Anacostia: The Riverfront on the Anacostia property is a 5.8-acre parcel of real estate
in Washington, D.C. that fronts the Anacostia River and is adjacent to the Washington Nationals Baseball Park. A revised Planned Unit
Development (PUD) plan was approved in 2012 and permits the Company to develop, in four phases, a four-building, mixed-use project, containing
approximately 1,161,050 square feet. The approved development includes numerous publicly 

14 

accessible open spaces and a waterfront
esplanade along the Anacostia River. The first phase (now known as Dock 79), which was completed through a joint venture with MRP Realty,
and which consisted of a single building with residential and retail uses, became our fourth business segment in July 2017, now known
as the Stabilized Joint Venture Segment. The second phase (now known as The Maren), also completed through a joint venture with MRP Realty
and consists of a single building with residential and retail uses, was added to the Stabilized Joint Venture Segment effective March
31, 2021. The final two phases, Phase 3 and Phase 4 remain under a first-stage PUD approval expiring April 5, 2023, permitting 500,000
square feet of development. 

2) Hampstead Trade Center: The Hampstead Trade Center property in Hampstead, Carroll County, Maryland is
a 118-acre parcel located adjacent to the State Route 30 bypass. The parcel was previously zoned for industrial use, but our request for
rezoning for residential use was approved in December 2018. Management believes this to be a higher and better use of the property. We
are fully engaged in the formal process of seeking PUD entitlements for this tract, which is now known as Hampstead Overlook . 

3) Bryant Street: On December 24, 2018 the Company and MRP Realty formed four partnerships to purchase and
develop approximately five acres of land at 500 Rhode Island Ave NE, Washington, D.C. This property is the first phase of the Bryant Street
Master Plan. The property is located in an Opportunity Zone, which provides tax benefits in the new communities development program as
established by Congress in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. This first phase is a mixed-use development which supports 487 residential
units and 91,661 square feet of first floor and stand-alone retail on approximately five acres of the roughly 12-acre site. Construction
is complete and leasing efforts are under way. 

4) The Verge: On December 20, 2019 the Company and MRP formed a joint venture to acquire and develop a mixed-use
project located at 1800 Half Street, Washington, D.C. This property is located in the Buzzard Point area of Washington, DC, less than
half a mile downriver from Dock 79 and The Maren. It lies directly between our two acres on the Anacostia currently under lease by Vulcan
and Audi Field, the home stadium of the DC United. The project is located in an Opportunity Zone, which provides tax benefits in the new
communities development program as established by Congress in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. The eleven-story structure has
344 apartments and 8,536 square feet of ground floor retail. Construction is complete and leasing is under way. 

5) Square 664E: The Company s Square 664E property is approximately two acres situated on the Anacostia
River at the base of South Capitol Street less than half a mile down river from our Riverfront on the Anacostia property. This property
is currently under lease to Vulcan Materials for use as a concrete batch plant through 2026. In March 2017, reconstruction of the bulkhead
was completed at a cost of 4.2 million in anticipation of future high-rise development. 

6) .408 Jackson: In December 2019, the Company entered into a joint venture with a new partner, Woodfield
Development, for the acquisition and development of a mixed-use project known as .408 Jackson in Greenville, South Carolina.
Woodfield specializes in Class-A multi-family, mixed-use developments primarily in the Carolinas and DC. The project is located across
the street from Greenville s minor league baseball stadium and holds 227 multi-family units and 4,539 square feet of retail space.
It is located in an Opportunity Zone, which provides tax benefits in the new communities development program as established by
Congress in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. The temporary certificate of occupancy was received in December 2022. Leasing began in
the fourth quarter of 2022 with residential units 21.6 leased and 4.9 occupied at quarter end. Retail at this location is 100 . The
Company owns 40 of the development. 

7) Windlass Run: In March 2016, the Company entered into an agreement with St. Johns Properties Inc., a Baltimore
development company, to jointly develop the remaining lands of our Windlass Run Business Park, located in Middle River, Maryland, into
a multi-building business park consisting of approximately 329,000 square feet of single-story office space. The project will take place
in several phases, with construction of the first phase, which includes two office buildings and two retail 

15 

buildings totaling 100,030-square-feet
(inclusive of 27,950 retail), commenced in the fourth quarter of 2017 and was completed in January 2019. At December 31, 2022 Phase I
was 50.7 leased and 48.0 occupied, the subsequent phases will follow as each phase is stabilized. 

8) Estero: In August 2022, the Company invested 3.6 million for a minority interest in a joint venture with
Woodfield Development to purchase and develop 46 acres in Estero, FL into a mixed-use project with 554 multifamily units, 72,000 square
feet of commercial space, 41,000 square feet of office space and a boutique 170-key hotel. While the joint venture attempts to rezone
the property, the Company will receive a preferred return of 8 with an option to roll its investment into equity in the vertical development
or exit at that point. 

Stabilized Joint Venture Segment. 

At December 31, 2022, this segment was invested in
the following stabilized joint ventures: 

1) Dock 79: Dock 79 (Phase I of the Riverfront on the Anacostia development) is a 305-unit residential apartment
building with approximately 14,430 square feet of first floor retail space. The property is situated on approximately 2.1 acres of land
located on Potomac Avenue in Washington, DC, across the street from the Nationals Park. 

2) The Maren: The Maren (Phase II of the Riverfront on the Anacostia development) is a 264-unit residential
apartment building with 6,758 square feet of retail space. 

3) Riverside: Riverside Joint Venture in Greenville South Carolina is a joint venture with Woodfield Development
which includes a 200-unit residential apartment building. The Company owns 40 of the venture. 

Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

None. 

Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

None. 

16 

PART II 

Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY,
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

There were approximately 327 holders of record of
FRP Holdings, Inc. common stock, .10 par value, as of December 31, 2022. The Company's common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market
(Symbol FRPH). 

Price Range of Common Stock. Information concerning
stock prices is included under the caption Quarterly Results on page 9 of the Company's 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders,
and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Dividends. The Company has not paid a cash
dividend in the past and it is the present policy of the Board of Directors not to pay cash dividends. Information concerning restrictions
on the payment of cash dividends is included in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements included in the accompanying 2022 Annual
Report to Shareholders, and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans. Information regarding securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is included in Item 12
of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and
Affiliated Purchasers 

Total 

Number of 

Shares 

Purchased 
 
 Approximate 

As Part of 
 
 Dollar Value of 

Total 

Publicly 
 
 Shares that May 

Number of 
 
 Average 
 
 Announced 
 
 Yet Be Purchased 

Shares 
 
 Price Paid 
 
 Plans or 
 
 Under the Plans 
 
 Period 
 
 Purchased 
 
 per Share 
 
 Programs 
 
 or Programs (1) 

October 1 through October 31 

9,363,000 

November 1 through November 30 

9,363,000 

December 1 through December 31 

9,363,000 

Total 

(1) On February 4, 2015, the Board of Directors
authorized management to expend up to 5,000,000 to repurchase shares of the Company s common stock from time to time as opportunities
arise. On December 5, 2018, the Board of Directors approved a 10,000,000 increase in the Company s stock repurchase authorization.
On August 5, 2019, the Board of Directors approved a 10,000,000 increase in the Company s stock repurchase authorization. On May
6, 2020, the Board of Directors approved a 10,000,000 increase in the Company s stock repurchase authorization. On August 26, 2020,
the Board of Directors approved a 10,000,000 increase in the Company s stock repurchase authorization. 

Item 6. [RESERVED] 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION. 

Information required in response to Item 7 is included
under the caption Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation on pages 10 through
21 of the Company s 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders, and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

17 

Item 7.A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Interest Rate Risk - We are exposed to the
impact of interest rate changes through our variable-rate borrowings under our Credit Agreement with Wells Fargo. 

Under the Wells Fargo Credit Agreement, the applicable
margin for borrowings at December 31, 2022 was Daily 1-Month LIBOR plus 1.0 . The applicable margin for such borrowings will be increased
in the event that our debt to capitalization ratio as calculated under the Wells Fargo Credit Agreement Facility exceeds a target level. 

The Company did not have any variable rate debt outstanding
at December 31, 2022, so a sensitivity analysis was not performed to determine the impact of hypothetical changes in interest rates on
the Company s results of operations and cash flows. 

For our debt instruments with variable interest rates,
changes in interest rates affect the amount of interest expense incurred. The following table presents the principal cash flow payments
associated with our outstanding debt by year, weighted average interest rates on debt outstanding each year-end, and fair value of total
debt as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 

2023 
 
 2024 
 
 2025 
 
 2026 
 
 2027 
 
 Thereafter 
 
 Total 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 Fixed rate debt 

180,070 

180,070 

142,785 

Average interest for fixed rate debt 
 
 3.03 

3.03 

3.03 

3.03 

3.03 

3.03 

3.03 

Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA. 

Information required in response to this Item 8 is
included under the caption Quarterly Results on page 9 and on pages 22 through 41 of the Company's 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders.
Such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

CONCLUSION REGARDING THE EFFECTIVENESS OF DISCLOSURE
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Under the supervision and with the participation of
our management, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and chief accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation
of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such terms are defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Based on
this evaluation, our principal executive officer, our principal financial officer and our principal accounting officer concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER
FINANCIAL REPORTING 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting
officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over 

18 

financial reporting based on the framework in the
 Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
Based on our evaluation under the framework in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) , our management concluded that
our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Hancock Askew Co., LLP, regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management s report was not subject to attestation by our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm pursuant to rules of the
Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

CHANGE IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

During the fourth quarter of 2022, there were no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

INHERENT LIMITATIONS OVER INTERNAL CONTROLS 

Our internal control over financial reporting is designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes
those policies and procedures that: 

i. pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of our assets; 

ii. provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

iii. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use
or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide
absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human
error and circumvention by collusion or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even an effective internal control system may not prevent
or detect material misstatements on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

19 

PART III 

Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE. 

The Company has adopted a Financial Code of Ethical
Conduct applicable to its principal executive officers, principal financial officers and principal accounting officers. A copy of this
Financial Code of Ethical Conduct is filed as Exhibit 14 to this Form 10-K. The Financial Code of Ethical Conduct is also available on
our web site at www.frpdev.com/investor-relations/corporate-governance/. 

The rest of the information required in response to
this Item 10 is included under the captions Board of Directors Corporate Governance , Our Executive Officers ,
 Securities Ownership in the Company's Proxy Statement, and such information is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy
Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than March 31, 2023. 

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

Information required in response to this Item 11 is
included under the caption Executive Compensation in the Company's Proxy Statement, and such information is incorporated
herein by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than March 31, 2023. 

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Number of Securities 

remaining available 

Number of Securities 

for future issuance 

to be issued upon 

Weighted average 
 
 under equity 

exercise of 

exercise price of 
 
 compensation plans 

outstanding options, 

outstanding options, 
 
 (excluding securities 

warrants and rights 

warrants and rights 
 
 reflected in column (a)) 

Plan Category 
 
 (a) 

(b) 
 
 (c) 

Equity compensation plans 

approved by security holders 
 
 144,791 
 (1) 
 
 40.33 
 (2) 
 367,641 
 (1) 

Equity compensation plans 

not approved by security holders 
 
 0 

0 
 
 0 

Total 
 
 144,791 

40.33 
 
 367,641 

1. Column (a) includes 138,791 stock options granted under our 2016 Equity Incentive
Plan and 2006 Stock Incentive Plan and 6,000 performance share awards granted under our 2016 Equity Incentive Plan. Each performance share
award shown in the table represents a right to receive, subject to the satisfaction of certain performance criteria and the recipient s
continued service to the Company, a number of shares of restricted stock, which number will be calculated after the applicable performance
period by dividing the pre-determined value of each award by the closing price of our common stock on the date the restricted stock is
issued. The aggregate value of the 

20 

performance share awards shown in
table is 325,920. For illustrative purposes, the maximum payout of the performance share awards has been assumed, and the number of performance
share awards has been calculated using our closing stock price on March 2, 2023 54.32). The performance share awards are subject to
partial or complete forfeiture if the vesting criteria are not met. Because some or all of the performance share awards may not vest,
and because the number of shares of restricted stock to be issued thereunder is dependent on future stock prices, columns (a) and (c)
may overstate or understate expected dilution. 

2. Because there is no exercise price associated with the performance share awards,
the weighted-average exercise price does not take the performance share awards into account. 

The remainder of the information
required in response to this Item 12 is included under the captions Securities Ownership in the Company's Proxy Statement,
and such information is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
not later than March 31, 2023. 

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Information required in response to this Item 13 is
included under the captions Related Party Transactions and Board of Directors Corporate Governance in
the Company's Proxy Statement, and such information is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission not later than March 31, 2023. 

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND
SERVICES. 

Our independent registered accounting firm is , , Firm . Information required in response to this Item 14 is included under the captions
 Proposal 2: The Auditor Proposal in the Company s Proxy Statement, and such information is incorporated herein by
reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than March 31, 2023. 

PART IV 

Item 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULE. 

(a) (1) Financial Statements. 

The response to this item is submitted
as a separate section. See Index to Financial Statements on page 26 of this Form 10 K. 

(3) Exhibits. 

The response to this item is submitted
as a separate section. See Exhibit Index on pages 24 through 25 of this Form 10 K. 

Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

21 

None. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

FRP Holdings, Inc. 

Date: March 22, 2023 
 
 By 
 JOHN D. BAKER II 

John D. Baker II 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By 
 JOHN D. BAKER, III 

John D. Baker, III 

Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

By 
 JOHN D. KLOPFENSTEIN 

John D. Klopfenstein 

Controller and Chief Accounting 

Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

22 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on
March 22, 2023. 

/s/ John D. Baker II 
 John D. Baker II 
 Executive Chairman and 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 /s/ Martin E. Stein, Jr. 
 Martin E. Stein, Jr. 
 Director 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 /s/ John S. Surface 
 John S. Surface 
 Director 

/s/ John D. Baker, III 
 John D. Baker, III 
 Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Nicole B. Thomas 
 Nicole B. Thomas 
 Director 

/s/ John D. Klopfenstein 
 John D. Klopfenstein 
 Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 /s/ William H. Walton 
 William H. Walton 
 Director 

Charles E. Commander III 
 Director 
 
 /s/Margaret Wetherbee 
 Margaret Wetherbee 
 Director 

23 

FRP HOLDINGS, INC. 

 FORM 10 K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 

 Item 15(a)(3) 

2.1 
 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2015, by and between FRP Holdings, Inc. and Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc., incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2015. 
 
 3.1 
 Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of FRP Holdings, Inc., adopted February 4, 2015, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2015. 
 
 3.2 
 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of FRP Holdings, Inc., as amended March 31, 2020, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(i) to the Company s Form 8-K filed on April 6, 2020. 
 
 4.1 
 Articles III, V and X of the Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of FRP Holdings, Inc, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 10-Q filed May 8, 2015. 
 
 4.2 
 Specimen stock certificate of FRP Holdings, Inc., incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Post-Effective Amendment to Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on December 5, 2014. 
 
 4.3 
 Description of Registrant s Common Stock, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Form 10-K filed on March 19, 2021. 
 
 10.1 
 Tax Matters Agreement, dated January 30, 2015, by and between FRP Holdings, Inc. and Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc., incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2015. 
 
 10.2 
 Employee Matters Agreement, dated January 30, 2015, by and between FRP Holdings, Inc. and Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc., incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2015. 
 
 10.3 
 Transition Services Agreement, dated January 30, 2015, by and between FRP Holdings, Inc. and Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc., incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2015. 
 
 10.4 
 Summary of Medical Reimbursement Plan of FRP Holdings, Inc., incorporated herein by reference to an exhibit filed with Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 1993. File No. 33-26115. 
 
 10.5 
 Summary of Management Incentive Compensation Plans, incorporated herein by reference to an exhibit filed with Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 1994. File No. 33-26115. 
 
 10.6 
 Management Security Agreements between the Company and certain officers, incorporated herein by reference to a form of agreement previously filed (as Exhibit (10)(I)) with Form S-4 dated December 13, 1988. File No. 33-26115. 
 
 10.7 
 F RP Holdings, Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated herein by reference to an appendix to the Company s Proxy Statement dated December 29, 2005. 
 
 10.8 
 FRP Holdings, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed February 13, 2017. 
 
 10.9 
 Letter Agreement between the Company and David H. deVilliers, Jr., incorporated herein by reference to an exhibit filed with Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2007. 
 
 10.10 
 Letter Agreement between the Company and John D. Klopfenstein, incorporated herein by reference to an exhibit filed with Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2007. 
 
 10.11 
 2015 Credit Agreement, dated January 30, 2015, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q/A filed on August 5, 2015. 
 
 10.12 
 Loan Agreement dated November 17, 2017, between Riverfront Holdings I, LLC and EagleBank, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Company s Form 10-K filed on March 16, 2018. 

24 

13.1 
 The Company's 2022 Annual Report to shareholders, portions of which are incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K. Those portions of the 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders which are not incorporated by reference shall not be deemed to be filed as part of this Form 10-K. 
 
 14.1 
 Financial Code of Ethical Conduct between the Company, Chief Executive Officers and Financial Managers, adopted December 3, 2014, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2017. 
 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant at December 31, 2022 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Hancock Askew Co., Inc., Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, appears on page 27 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of John D. Baker II. 
 
 31.2 
 Certification of John D. Baker III. 
 
 31.3 
 Certification of John D. Klopfenstein. 
 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Accounting Officer under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 99.1 
 Information Statement of Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc., dated January 12, 2015, incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 13, 2015. 

101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101). 

25 

FRP HOLDINGS, INC. 

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (Item 15(a) (1) and 2)) 

Page 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: 

Consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

54 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Consolidated statements of income 

52 

Consolidated statements of comprehensive income 

53 

Consolidated statements of cash flows 

55 

Consolidated statements of shareholders' equity 

56 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

57-75 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

77-78 

Selected quarterly financial data (unaudited) 

36-37 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

27 

All schedules have been omitted, as they
are not required under the related instructions, are inapplicable, or because the information required is included in the consolidated
financial statements. 

26 

Exhibit 23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

FRP Holdings, Inc. 

 Jacksonville, Florida 

We hereby consent to the incorporation
by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333- 125099, 333-131475 and 333-216025) of FRP Holdings, Inc. of our report
dated March 22, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements which appear in the Annual Report to Shareholders incorporated
by reference herein. 

Respectfully submitted, 

 Hancock Askew Co., LLP 

Jacksonville, Florida 

 March 22, 2023 

27 

Annual Report 2022 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 

 Years ended December 31 

 (Amounts in thousands except per share
amounts) 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Change 

Revenues 

37,481 

31,220 

20.1 

Operating profit 

7,996 

2,274 

251.6 

Net investment income 

5,473 

4,215 

29.8 

Interest Expense 

(3,045) 

(2,304) 

32.2 

Equity in loss of joint ventures 

(5,721) 

(5,754) 

(0.6) 
 
 Gain on remeasurement of investment in real estate partnership 

51,139 

(100.0) 
 
 Gain on sale of real estate 

874 

805 

8.6 

Gain (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest 

(518) 

11,879 

(104.4) 
 
 Net income attributable to the Company 

4,565 

28,215 

(83.8) 

Per common share: 

Net income attributable to the Company: 

Basic 

0.49 

3.02 

(83.8) 
 
 Diluted 

0.48 

3.00 

(83.7) 

Total Assets 

701,084 

678,190 

3.4 

Total Debt 

178,557 

178,409 

Shareholders' Equity 

407,145 

396,423 

2.7 

Common Shares Outstanding 

9,460 

9,411 

.5 

Book Value Per Common Share 

43.04 

42.12 

0.8 

BUSINESS . FRP Holdings, Inc. is
a holding company engaged in the real estate business, namely (i) leasing and management of commercial properties owned by the Company,
(ii) leasing and management of mining royalty land owned by the Company, (iii) real property acquisition, entitlement, development and
construction primarily for apartment, retail, warehouse, and office buildings either alone or through joint ventures, (iv) ownership,
leasing and management of buildings through joint ventures. The Company s operating subsidiaries are FRP Development Corp. and Florida
Rock Properties, Inc. 

STRATEGY . Our strategy consists
of the re-deployment of cash from asset sales, real estate operations, and mining royalties, into new assets that allow management to
exploit its knowledge and expertise. The asset classes of choice are mixed-use, industrial, raw land, existing buildings, and repeatable
strategic partnerships located in core markets with growth potential. Emphasis will be placed on generating returns through opportunistic
disposition, as well as cash-flow and long-term appreciation. 

OBJECTIVE. We strive to improve
shareholder value through (1) active engagement with properties and partners to grow asset value, (2) contributing our operating expertise
and connections to maximize value and NOI growth, and (3) manage our capital structure in an efficient and responsible manner, with a
watchful eye on projected future market conditions and trends to facilitate timely disposition of selected assets, (4) diligent, sustainable
growth. 

28 

To Our Shareholders, 

Time is a funny thing. The same summer
day that seems to last forever to the boy, is more or less the blink of an eye to his father. A school year is an eternity to a student,
and yet the same year for the teacher or the parent running carpool passes so quickly as to have almost ended moments after it began.
The way time seemingly speeds up as one gets older is the basis of a theory that in terms of the way we perceive time, our lives
are halfway over by the time we turn 18. Youth, maybe even more than we realized, is wasted on the young. That s a pretty depressing
thought. And yet it gives one heart that even though time appears to move faster and faster, a lot can still happen in a year. This Company
had so much going on in 2022, that it is hard to fathom (what with time moving so fast) that we got it all done in just 365 days. In 2022,
we made our first mining royalty acquisition in a decade with our purchase of the Bland Property in Astatula, Florida, which helped propel
us to our largest revenue year ever for that segment. 2022 saw the stabilization and permanent financing of Riverside in Greenville, South
Carolina, as well as the completion of construction on and lease-up of both .408 Jackson (also in Greenville) and The Verge in DC. In
2022, we added to our industrial development pipeline with the purchase of a new site in Cecil County, Maryland capable of supporting
900,000 square feet of industrial development, and we passed a major pre-development milestone with the unappealable annexation into Aberdeen,
Maryland of our 54 acres adjacent to Cranberry Run Business Park on which we plan to build 690,000 square feet of industrial. This past
year saw meaningful increases in revenue, operating profit, and pro-rata NOI across all segments with the highest pro-rata NOI total ever
for Stabilized Joint Ventures (17.05 increase to 9.47 million vs 8.09 million in 2021), the highest NOI total for Mining Royalties
(13.62 increase to 10.15 million vs 8.94 million in 2021), and the highest NOI total (39.22 increase to 2.67 million vs 1.92 million
in 2021) for our Asset Management segment since the sale of our warehouse portfolio in 2018. Far and away the biggest news of 2022, however,
was our announcement in the beginning of the fourth quarter of our agreement to partner with Steuart Investment Company (SIC) and MidAtlantic
Realty Partners (MRP) in developing our collective properties in the Capitol Riverfront and Buzzard Point submarkets of Washington, DC.
We ve mentioned the details of this agreement a number of times, but it bears repeating this partnership plans to build over
three million square feet of mixed-use development comprising 3,000 residential units and 150,000 square feet of retail spread amongst
10 distinct multi-family projects (including Dock 79, The Maren, and The Verge) on or near the water. This deal took over two years of
overtures, meetings, and negotiations to put in place, but the end result, in the words of Hamlet, is a consummation devoutly to
be wished. It will take over a decade to realize, but when all is said and done, your Company will have a meaningful share of nearly
every asset visible from the south entrance of the nation s capital. 

 ASSET MANAGEMENT 

 The Asset Management segment, our industrial
assets in particular, produced strong results in 2022. Increased occupancy and rent increases at our Cranberry Run Business Park as well
as full occupancy at one of the two new spec buildings at Hollander accounted for a 43 increase in revenue over calendar year 2021 as
well as a 39.22 increase in NOI. All seven of our industrial assets are 100 leased, and six of the seven industrial buildings in-service
are 100 occupied with occupancy expected on the seventh in the first half of 2023. Looking forward, we have completed construction on
a 101,750 square foot build-to-suit warehouse project and are awaiting the final certificate of occupancy and expect the tenant to move
in some time in the first half of 2023. We have three other properties in our industrial development pipeline in various stages of predevelopment:
170 acres in Cecil County, Maryland, purchased in September 2022 and capable of supporting 900,000 square feet of industrial for which
we are currently pursuing entitlements; 17 acres in Aberdeen, Maryland where we have submitted grading and building permit applications
for 259,000 square-foot warehouse; and a 54 acre site adjacent to our Cranberry Run Business Park capable of 690,000 square feet of industrial
which was just annexed into the town of Aberdeen, Maryland. Given the current state and recent performance of our industrial portfolio,
management is excited to move forward with these projects in what has been, along with mining royalties, this Company s bread
and butter. With nearly 1,850,000 square feet of potential industrial in our development pipeline, when the dust settles on these
projects, we will have expanded our existing industrial footprint by 358 to roughly 2.4 million square feet. 

 STABILIZED JOINT VENTURES 

 Stabilized Joint Ventures experienced a
shot in the arm to begin the year as the District of Columbia finally lifted its emergency protocols and allowed for rent increases on
renewals. Both properties benefitted from this return to free market economics. This year, 61.45 of expiring leases at The Maren renewed
with an average increase in rent of 8.17 , and 61.40 of expiring leases renewed at Dock 79 with an average increase in rent of 5.91 .
Increases seemed to pick 

29 

up steam over the course of the year, culminating
in fourth quarter renewals of 42.31 of expiring leases at Dock 79 and 61.90 at The Maren, with an average rent increase on renewals
of 8.89 and 11.14 respectively. This year we began to track trade outs the increase in rent on a new lease when
we were not able to renew an expiring one. In 2022, we saw an increase in rent on these trade outs of 7.4 at The Maren and 12.6 at Dock.
Inflation certainly has something to do with the numbers you re seeing here, but it also demonstrates the extent to which rents
were held back by DC s emergency protocols and just how far we had to push rents to get them back in line with what they should
have been barring restrictions. Of course, the desirability of the assets in question had something to do with why we were able to attempt
this in the first place. As mentioned previously, as part of the deal we reached in the fourth quarter with Steuart Investment Company,
SIC is now a 20 partner in both Dock 79 and The Maren. SIC paid 65.3 million for their 20 stake, which places a 326.5 million combined
valuation on Dock 79 and The Maren. Point being, we are excited about this new partnership and what it will build, but SIC s
investment in our Riverfront projects shows how excited it is about what we have already built. In the third quarter of 2022, we added
Riverside, our joint venture with Woodfield Development in Greenville, South Carolina, to the Stabilized Joint Ventures Segment after
it achieved stabilization (90 occupancy for 90 days). As mentioned previously, we were concurrently able to permanently finance this
joint venture with a 32 million loan with a term of eight years at a fixed rate of 4.92 . This loan is interest-only for the first five
years and has no prepayment penalty after the first three. Riverside achieved stabilization in what management believed was a remarkably
short period of time (even accounting for how fast time passes for adults). Lease-up began in the third quarter of 2021 and we achieved
stabilization in the third quarter of 2022. That and the fact that the building s 200 units were 98 leased with 92.5 occupancy
at year end speaks to the strength of the Greenville market and gives us confidence as we begin lease-up of .408 Jackson, our second joint
venture with Woodfield in Greenville. 

 MINING ROYALTIES 

 2022 was a huge year for mining royalties.
In the fourth quarter, the segment had its highest revenue quarter ever 2.9 million), closing the books on its best year ever. Prior
to 2022, mining royalties had never achieved 10 million in revenue in any fiscal year. In 2022, this segment had over 10 million in
NOI. Surpassing the 10 million mark with 10.7 million in revenue, a 12.9 improvement over 2021, was primarily due to the acquisition
of the Bland Property (adjacent to, and part of the same Vulcan sand plant as our existing land in Astatula, Florida). As you may recall,
we purchased this property in April of 2022 for 11.6 million. This was the first property added to this segment since 2012 and only the
second property we ve purchased for mining royalties since 1986. It contains roughly 21.8 million tons in sand reserves on 1,500
acres and right now is our biggest royalty producing property by revenue. Looking into 2023, we are still confident in the underlying
fundamentals of this business. Increased demand in 2022 made for meaningful price increases (Martin Marietta: 10.5 increase on average
selling price over 2021, Vulcan Materials: 12.4 increase on average selling price in Q3 2022), and demand should remain strong in 2023
and beyond. Total federal highway spending is expected to be in the ballpark of 72 billion this year, and over 102 billion in highway,
bridge, and tunnel projects were awarded in 2022, a 24 increase over the previous year. The Cornyn-Padilla amendment to the 2023 Congressional
Appropriations Bill, now allows states to divert unused Covid relief funds for infrastructure projects. To that end, in June 2022, Florida
released the largest budget in the history of the Florida Department of Transportation with over 12 billion in planned infrastructure
investment over the course of five years. The boost in demand from the increase in infrastructure investments described above should translate
into price increases and help continue to drive the bottom line in this segment. 

 It has been management s goal for
the last five years to put the proceeds of the asset sale to work in new projects. While we have continued to put money to work in the
form of new investments, the goal of having a home for all our excess cash has eluded us. Naturally it follows that since our last major
round of share buybacks in 2021, we have received a number of inquiries regarding our plans for returning at least part of the cash on
our balance sheet to investors in the form of additional buybacks or dividends. If it was ever a consideration, the agreement with SIC
and MRP has eliminated it. With the industrial and multifamily projects we have in front of us, it will take all of our current cash as
well as future cash flow to be able to make the equity investments that we have laid out over the next decade plus while maintaining a
reasonable capital cushion. It is true that we are not building everything at once, and in every proforma we have run, there is always
a healthy amount of cash in the till. But as we grow and have multiple projects in various stages of development, we believe our cash
is entirely too important as a capital cushion to risk what we ve built by committing to dividends or further leveraging the Company
through a meaningful buyback program. It is management s position that dividends are for mature companies, not growing ones. And
for the time being, we are definitely a growth company. 

30 

The near-term macroeconomic future is somewhat murky
to say the very least. Inflation and economic growth play a daily tug-of-war with an increasingly schizophrenic market. While we are planning
to grow, we are not going to be so committed to our current vision that it risks what has already been built. We have been very conservative
in how we ve grown the assets we own outright, and we have been just as careful in choosing partners in our joint ventures that
share our same attitude of deliberate, considerate growth and investment. Whether a recession is around the corner, or the Fed can achieve
a soft landing is important to us, but it will not make or break this Company or our ability to grow it. To borrow from Hamlet again,
 There is a special providence in the fall of a sparrow. If it be now, tis not to come; if it be not to come, it will be
now; if it be not now, yet it will come. The readiness is all. This Company your Company will be ready. 

Respectfully yours, 

John D. Baker II 

 C.E.O. and Executive Chairman 

31 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain matters discussed in this report
contain forward-looking statements, including without limitation relating to the Company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations,
intentions, capital expenditures, future liquidity, and plans and timetables for completion of pending development projects. The words
or phrases anticipate, estimate, believe, budget, continue, could, 
 intend, may, plan, potential, predict, seek, should, 
 will, would, expect, objective, projection, forecast, 
 goal, guidance, outlook, effort, target and similar expressions
identify forward-looking statements. The following factors and others discussed in the Company s periodic reports and filings with
the Securities and Exchange Commission are among the principal factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking
statements: levels of construction activity in the markets served by our mining properties; risk insurance markets; availability and terms
of financing; competition; interest rates, inflation and general economic conditions; demand for warehouse/office facilities in the Baltimore-Washington-Northern
Virginia area; demand for apartments in Washington D.C., Richmond, Virginia and Greenville, South Carolina; and ability to obtain zoning
and entitlements necessary for property development. However, this list is not a complete statement of all potential risks or uncertainties. 

These forward-looking statements are made
as of the date hereof based on management s current expectations, and the Company does not undertake an obligation to update such
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional information regarding these and other risk
factors may be found in the Company s other filings made from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

OPERATING PROPERTIES 

The Company owns (predominately in fee simple but
also through ownership of interests in joint ventures) approximately 21,000 acres of land in Florida, Georgia, Maryland, Virginia, South
Carolina, and the District of Columbia. This land is generally held by the Company in four distinct segments: (i) Asset Management Segment
(land owned and operated as income producing rental properties in the form of commercial properties), (ii) Mining Royalty Lands Segment
(land owned and leased to mining companies for royalties or rents), (iii) Development Segment (land owned and held for investment to be
further developed for future income production or sales to third parties), and (iv) Stabilized Joint Venture Segment (ownership, leasing
and management of buildings through joint ventures). 

Asset Management Segment. As of December 31,
2022, the Asset Management Segment includes eight buildings at four commercial properties owned by the Company in fee simple as follows: 

1) 34 Loveton Circle in suburban Baltimore County,
Maryland consists of one office building totaling 33,708 square feet which is 95.1 occupied (16 of the space is occupied by the Company
for use as our Baltimore headquarters). The property is subject to commercial leases with various tenants. 

2) 155 E. 21 st Street in Duval County,
Florida was an office building property that remains under lease through March 2026. We permitted the tenant to demolish all structures
on the property during 2018. 

3) Cranberry Run Business Park in Hartford County,
Maryland consists of five office buildings totaling 267,737 square feet which are 100 occupied and 100 leased. The property is subject
to commercial leases with various tenants. 

4) Hollander 95 Business Park in Baltimore City, Maryland
consists of two buildings totaling 145,590 square feet that were completed in the fourth quarter of 2021 and are 100.0 leased and 45.4 
occupied. 

Mining Royalty Lands Segment Mining Properties. 
The Company owns a fee simple interest in 14 open pit aggregates quarries located in Florida, Georgia and Virginia, which comprise approximately
16,650 total acres. The Company s quarries are subject to mining leases with various tenants, including Vulcan Materials, Martin
Marietta, Cemex, Argos, and The Concrete Company. Aggregates consist of crushed stone, sand, gravel, fill dirt, limestone and calcium
and are used primarily in construction applications. 

Nine of the Company s quarries (located in Grandin,
FL, Fort Myers, FL, Keuka, FL, Newberry, FL, Astatula, FL, Columbus, GA, Macon, GA, Tyrone, GA, and Manassas, VA; totaling 13,876 acres)
are currently being mined, and five of the Company s quarries (located in Marion County, FL, Lake Louisa, FL, Astatula, FL, Lake
Sand, FL and Forest 

32 

Park, GA; totaling 2,778
acres) are leased but are not currently being mined. Our typical mining lease requires the tenant to pay the Company a royalty based on
the number of tons of mined materials sold from our mining property during a given fiscal year multiplied by a percentage of the average
annual sales price per ton sold. In certain locations, typically where the reserves on the property have been depleted but the tenant
still has a need for the leased land, we collect a minimum annual rental amount. In the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and
2020, aggregate tons sold with respect to the Company s mining properties were approximately 9,525,000, 7,575,000 and 8,206,000,
respectively. 

In May 2014, the Company entered into an amendment
to our lease with Vulcan for our Fort Myers location requiring that the mining be accelerated and that the mining plan be conformed to
accommodate the future construction of up to 105 residential dwelling units around the mined lakes. In return, the Company granted Lee
County an option to purchase a right of way for a connector road that would benefit the residential area on our property and to place
a conservation easement on part of the property, which the County exercised in 2020. Mining activity commenced in 2017 following Lee County s
issuance of a mine operating permit allowing Vulcan to begin production. 

In November 2017, Lake County commissioners voted
to approve a permit to Cemex to mine the Company s land in Lake Louisa, Florida. The county issued the permit in July 2019. Cemex
expects to begin mining after completing the work necessary to prepare this site to become an active sand mine. 

Mining Royalty Lands Segment - Brooksville Joint
Venture. In 2006, a subsidiary of the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with Vulcan Materials Company to jointly own
and develop approximately 4,280 acres of land near Brooksville, Florida as a mixed-use community. In April 2011, the Florida Department
of Community Affairs issued its final order approving the development of the project consisting of 5,800 residential dwelling units and
over 600,000 square feet of commercial and 850,000 of light industrial uses. Zoning for the project was approved by the County in August
2012. Vulcan Materials still mines on the property and the Company receives 100 of the royalty on all tons sold at the Brooksville property.
In 2022, 244,000 tons were sold. 

Mining Royalty Lands Segment - Other Properties .
The segment also owns an additional 36 acres of investment property in Brooksville, Florida. 

Development Segment Warehouse/Office Land. 

At December 31, 2022, this segment owned the following
future development parcels: 

1) Six acres of horizontally developed land at Hollander Business Park in Baltimore City, Maryland with one
101,750 square feet industrial build-to-suit awaiting final certificate of occupancy. 

2) 54 acres of land that will be capable of supporting over 690,000 square feet of industrial product located
at 1001 Old Philadelphia Road in Aberdeen, Maryland. 

3) 17 acres of land in Harford County, Maryland that can accommodate 259,000 square feet of industrial development. 

4) 170 acres of land Cecil County, Maryland that can accommodate 900,000 square feet of industrial development. 

Development Segment Land Held for Investment
or Sale. 

At December 31, 2022, this segment owned the following
development parcels: 

1) Riverfront on the Anacostia: The Riverfront on the Anacostia property is a 5.8-acre parcel of real estate
in Washington, D.C. that fronts the Anacostia River and is adjacent to the Washington Nationals Baseball Park. A revised Planned Unit
Development (PUD) plan was approved in 2012 and permits the Company to develop, in four phases, a four-building, mixed-use project, containing
approximately 1,161,050 square feet. The approved development includes numerous publicly accessible open spaces and a waterfront esplanade
along the Anacostia River. The first phase (now known as Dock 79), which was completed through a joint venture with MRP Realty, and which
consisted of a single building with residential and retail uses, became our fourth business segment in July 2017, now known as the Stabilized
Joint Venture Segment. The second phase (now known as The Maren), also completed through a joint venture with MRP Realty and consists
of a single building with residential and retail uses, was added to the Stabilized Joint Venture Segment effective March 31, 2021. The
final two phases, 

33 

Phase 3 and Phase 4 remain under a first-stage
PUD approval expiring April 5, 2023, permitting 500,000 square feet of development. 

2) Hampstead Trade Center: The Hampstead Trade Center property in Hampstead, Carroll County, Maryland is
a 118-acre parcel located adjacent to the State Route 30 bypass. The parcel was previously zoned for industrial use, but our request for
rezoning for residential use was approved in December 2018. Management believes this to be a higher and better use of the property. We
are fully engaged in the formal process of seeking PUD entitlements for this tract, which is now known as Hampstead Overlook . 

3) Bryant Street: On December 24, 2018 the Company and MRP Realty formed four partnerships to purchase and
develop approximately five acres of land at 500 Rhode Island Ave NE, Washington, D.C. This property is the first phase of the Bryant Street
Master Plan. The property is located in an Opportunity Zone, which provides tax benefits in the new communities development program as
established by Congress in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. This first phase is a mixed-use development which supports 487 residential
units and 91,661 square feet of first floor and stand-alone retail on approximately five acres of the roughly 12-acre site. Construction
is complete and leasing efforts are under way. 

4) The Verge: On December 20, 2019 the Company and MRP formed a joint venture to acquire and develop a mixed-use
project located at 1800 Half Street, Washington, D.C. This property is located in the Buzzard Point area of Washington, DC, less than
half a mile downriver from Dock 79 and The Maren. It lies directly between our two acres on the Anacostia currently under lease by Vulcan
and Audi Field, the home stadium of the DC United. The project is located in an Opportunity Zone, which provides tax benefits in the new
communities development program as established by Congress in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. The eleven-story structure has
344 apartments and 8,536 square feet of ground floor retail. Construction is complete and leasing is under way. 

5) Square 664E: The Company s Square 664E property is approximately two acres situated on the Anacostia
River at the base of South Capitol Street less than half a mile down river from our Riverfront on the Anacostia property. This property
is currently under lease to Vulcan Materials for use as a concrete batch plant through 2026. In March 2017, reconstruction of the bulkhead
was completed at a cost of 4.2 million in anticipation of future high-rise development. 

9) .408 Jackson: In December 2019, the Company entered into a joint venture with a new partner, Woodfield
Development, for the acquisition and development of a mixed-use project known as .408 Jackson in Greenville, South Carolina.
Woodfield specializes in Class-A multi-family, mixed-use developments primarily in the Carolinas and DC. The project is located across
the street from Greenville s minor league baseball stadium and holds 227 multi-family units and 4,539 square feet of retail space.
It is located in an Opportunity Zone, which provides tax benefits in the new communities development program as established by
Congress in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. The temporary certificate of occupancy was received in December 2022. Leasing began in
the fourth quarter of 2022 with residential units 21.6 leased and 4.9 occupied at quarter end. Retail at this location is 100 . The
Company owns 40 of the development. 

6) Windlass Run: In March 2016, the Company entered into an agreement with St. Johns Properties Inc., a Baltimore
development company, to jointly develop the remaining lands of our Windlass Run Business Park, located in Middle River, Maryland, into
a multi-building business park consisting of approximately 329,000 square feet of single-story office space. The project will take place
in several phases, with construction of the first phase, which includes two office buildings and two retail buildings totaling 100,030-square-feet
(inclusive of 27,950 retail), commenced in the fourth quarter of 2017 and was completed in January 2019. At December 31, 2022 Phase I
was 50.7 leased and 48.0 occupied, the subsequent phases will follow as each phase is stabilized. 

7) Estero: In August 2022, the Company invested 3.6 million for a 16 interest in a joint venture with Woodfield
Development to purchase and develop 46 acres in Estero, FL into a mixed-use project with 554 multifamily units, 72,000 square feet of
commercial space, 41,000 square feet of office space and a boutique 170-key hotel. While the joint venture attempts to rezone the property,
the Company will receive a preferred return of 8 with an option to roll its investment into equity in the vertical development or exit
at that point. 

34 

Stabilized Joint Venture Segment. 

At December 31, 2022, this segment owned the following
stabilized joint ventures: 

1) Dock 79: In 2014, approximately 2.1 acres (Phase I) of the total 5.8-acres
was contributed to a joint venture owned by the Company (77 and our partner, MRP Realty (23 ), and construction commenced in October
2014 on a 305-unit residential apartment building with approximately 14,430 square feet of first floor retail space. Lease-up commenced
in May 2016 and rent stabilization of the residential units of 90 occupied was achieved in the third quarter of 2017. The attainment
of stabilization resulted in a change of control for accounting purposes as the veto rights of the minority shareholder lapsed and the
Company became the primary beneficiary. As such, beginning July 1, 2017, the Company consolidated the assets (at current fair value based
on a third-party opinion), liabilities and operating results of the joint venture. This consolidation resulted in a gain on remeasurement
of investment in real estate partnership of 60,196,000 of which 20,469,000 was attributed to the noncontrolling interest. The Company
used the fair value amount to calculate adjusted ownership under the Conversion election. As such for financial reporting purposes effective
July 1, 2017 the Company ownership is based upon this substantive profit-sharing arrangement and is 66.0 on a prospective basis. During
fourth quarter 2022, as part of our new partnership with SIC and MRP, we sold a 20 interest in a tenancy-in-common of Dock 79 where FRP
Holdings, Inc. is the majority partner with a 52.8 ownership. 

2) The Maren: On May 4, 2018, the Company and MRP Realty formed a Joint Venture to develop the second phase
only of the four-phase master development known as Riverfront on the Anacostia in Washington, D.C. The purpose of the Joint Venture is
to develop and own a 250,000-square-foot mixed-use development which supports 264 residential units and 6,758 square feet of retail. Lease-up
commenced in March 2020 and rent stabilization of the residential units of 90 occupied was achieved in March 2021. Reaching stabilization
results in a change of control for accounting purposes as the veto rights of the minority shareholder lapsed and the Company became the
primary beneficiary. As such, beginning March 31, 2021, the Company consolidated the assets (at fair value), liabilities and operating
results of the joint venture. This consolidation resulted in a gain on remeasurement of investment in real estate partnership of 51,139,000
of which 13,965,000 was attributed to the noncontrolling interest. In accordance with the terms of the Joint Venture agreements, the
Company used the fair value amount at date of conversion and calculated an adjusted ownership under the Conversion election. As such for
financial reporting purposes effective March 31, 2021 the Company ownership is based upon this substantive profit-sharing arrangement
and is 70.41 on a prospective basis as agreed to by FRP and MRP. During fourth quarter 2022, as part of our new partnership with SIC
and MRP, we sold a 20 interest in a tenancy-in-common of The Maren where FRP Holdings, Inc. is the majority partner with a 56.3 ownership. 

3) Riverside: On December 23, 2019 the Company and Woodfield formed a joint venture to develop a 200-unit
residential apartment project located at 1430 Hampton Avenue, Greenville, SC. The project is located in an Opportunity Zone, which provides
tax benefits in the new communities development program as established by Congress in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. The Company
contributed 6.2 million in exchange for a 40 ownership in the joint venture. 

35 

Five Year Summary 

 (Amounts in thousands except per share amounts) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 
 
 2019 
 
 2018 
 
 Summary of Operations: 

Revenues 

37,481 

31,220 

23,583 

23,756 

22,022 

Operating profit 

7,996 

2,274 

5,134 

5,756 

1,962 

Interest expense 

3,045 

2,304 

1,100 

1,054 

3,103 

Income from continuing operations 

4,047 

40,094 

11,722 

8,822 

959 

Per Common Share: 

Basic 

0.44 

4.29 

1.22 

0.89 

0.10 

Diluted 

0.43 

4.27 

1.22 

0.89 

0.09 

Income from discontinued operations, net 

6,856 

122,129 

Income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest 

(518) 

11,879 

(993) 

(499) 

(1,384) 
 
 Net income attributable to the Company 

4,565 

28,215 

12,715 

16,177 

124,472 

Per Common Share: 

Basic 

0.49 

3.02 

1.33 

1.64 

12.40 

Diluted 

0.48 

3.00 

1.32 

1.63 

12.32 

Financial Summary: 

Property and equipment, net 

367,158 

350,665 

203,140 

202,187 

206,553 

Total assets 

701,084 

678,190 

536,360 

538,148 

505,488 

Long-term debt 

178,557 

178,409 

89,964 

88,925 

88,789 

Shareholders' equity 

407,145 

396,423 

367,654 

374,888 

364,607 

Net Book Value per common share 

43.04 

42.12 

39.26 

38.19 

36.57 

Other Data: 

Weighted average common shares - basic 

9,386 

9,355 

9,580 

9,883 

10,040 

Weighted average common shares - diluted 

9,435 

9,397 

9,609 

9,926 

10,105 

Number of employees 

13 

14 

13 

12 

10 

Shareholders of record 

327 

333 

339 

342 

355 

Quarterly Results (unaudited) 

 (Dollars in thousands except per share
amounts) 

For the Quarter Ended 

March 31, 
 
 June 30, 
 
 September 30, 
 
 December 31, 

2022 
 
 2022 
 
 2022 
 
 2022 
 
 Total Fiscal Year 2022 
 
 Revenues 
 
 8,707 

9,628 

9,294 

9,852 

37,481 

Operating profit 
 
 1,364 

2,066 

1,849 

2,717 

7,996 

Income from continuing operations 
 
 404 

582 

384 

2,677 

4,047 

Net income attributable to the Company 
 
 672 

657 

480 

2,756 

4,565 

Earnings per common share (a): 

Net income attributable to the Company- 

Basic 
 
 0.07 

0.07 

0.05 

0.29 

0.49 

Diluted 
 
 0.07 

0.07 

0.05 

0.29 

0.48 

Market price per common share (b): 

High 
 
 59.52 

61.30 

62.57 

61.81 

62.57 

Low 
 
 54.55 

54.92 

53.24 

53.50 

53.24 

For the Quarter Ended 

March 31, 
 
 June 30, 
 
 September 30, 
 
 December 31, 

2021 
 
 2021 
 
 2021 
 
 2021 
 
 Total Fiscal Year 2021 
 
 Revenues 
 
 5,853 

8,495 

8,473 

8,399 

31,220 

Operating profit (loss) 
 
 1,442 

(159) 

732 

259 

2,274 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 
 
 40,875 

281 

(113) 

(949) 

40,094 

Net income (loss) attributable to the Company 
 
 28,373 

82 

352 

(592) 

28,215 

Earnings per common share (a): 

Net income attributable to the Company- 

Basic 
 
 3.04 

0.01 

0.04 

(0.06) 

3.02 

Diluted 
 
 3.03 

0.01 

0.04 

(0.06) 

3.00 

Market price per common share (b): 

High 
 
 51.95 

62.45 

60.21 

65.00 

65.00 

Low 
 
 43.19 

47.97 

54.47 

54.82 

43.19 

36 

(a) Earnings per share of common stock is computed
independently for each quarter presented. The sum of the quarterly net earnings per share of common stock for a year may not equal the
total for the year due to rounding differences. 

 (b) All prices represent high and low daily
closing prices as reported by The Nasdaq Stock Market. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The following discussion includes a non-GAAP financial
measure within the meaning of Regulation G promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission to supplement the financial results as
reported in accordance with GAAP. The non-GAAP financial measure discussed is pro-rata net operating income (NOI). The Company uses this
metric to analyze its continuing operations and to monitor, assess, and identify meaningful trends in its operating and financial performance.
This measure is not, and should not be viewed as, a substitute for GAAP financial measures. Refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measure 
below in this annual report for a more detailed discussion, including reconciliations of this non-GAAP financial measure to its most directly
comparable GAAP financial measure. 

Executive Overview 

FRP Holdings, Inc. FRP or the Company is a real estate development, asset management and operating company businesses. Our properties are located in the Mid-Atlantic and southeastern
United States and consist of: 

Lands leased to mining companies,
some of which will have second lives as development properties; 

Residential apartments in Washington,
D.C. and Greenville, South Carolina; 

Warehouse or office properties
in the Mid-Atlantic states either existing or under development; 

Mixed-use properties under development
in Washington, D.C. or Greenville, South Carolina; and 

Properties held for sale. 

We believe our present capital structure, liquidity
and land provide us with years of opportunities to increase recurring revenue and long-term value for our shareholders. We intend to focus
on our core business activity of real estate development, asset management and operations. We are developing a broad range of asset types
that we believe will provide acceptable rates of return, grow recurring revenues and support future business. Capital commitments will
be funded with cash proceeds from completed projects, existing cash, owned-land, partner capital and financing arrangements. We do not
anticipate immediate benefits from investments. Timing of projects may be subject to delays caused by factors beyond our control. 

Reportable Segments 

We conduct primarily all of our business in the following
four reportable segments: (1) asset management (2) mining royalty lands (3) development and (4) stabilized joint ventures.
For more information regarding our reportable segments, see Note 10. Business Segments of our consolidated financial statements
included in this annual report. 

Highlights of 2022 . 

43.0 increase in asset management revenue versus
last year 

Highest twelve-month total of mining royalties revenue
in segment s history; 12.9 increase in revenue over calendar year 2021. First year with over 10 million in revenue as well as
NOI. 

37.98 increase in our pro-rata NOI 24.23 million
vs 17.56 million) compared to last year. 

Each segment s highest revenue, operating profit,
and NOI total since asset sale in 2018. 

Sale of Hickory Creek for 8.83 million on an investment
of 6 million. 

Deal signed with Steuart Investment Company (SIC)
and MidAtlantic Realty Partners (MRP) for development of ten mixed-use projects in Capitol Riverfront and Buzzard Point submarkets of
Washington, 

37 

DC including sale of 20 ownership
interest in tenancy-in-common (TIC) of Dock 79 and The Maren for 65.3 million, 44.5 million attributable to the Company. 

 Asset Management Segment. 

The Asset Management segment owns, leases and manages
commercial properties. These assets create revenue and cash flows through tenant rental payments, lease management fees and reimbursements
for building operating costs. The Company s industrial warehouses typically lease for terms ranging from 3 10 years often
with 1 or 2 renewal options. All base rent revenue is recognized on a straight-lined basis. All of the commercial warehouse leases
are triple net and common area maintenance costs (CAM Revenue) are billed monthly, and insurance and real estate taxes are billed annually.
34 Loveton is the only office product wherein all leases are full service therefore there is no CAM revenue. Office leases are also
recognized on a straight-lined basis. The major cash outlays incurred in this segment are for operating expenses, real estate taxes, building
repairs, lease commissions and other lease closing costs, construction of tenant improvements, capital to acquire existing operating buildings
and closing costs related thereto and personnel costs of our property management team. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Asset Management Segment
includes eight buildings at four commercial properties owned by the Company in fee simple as follows: 

1) 34 Loveton Circle in suburban Baltimore County,
Maryland consists of one office building totaling 33,708 square feet which is 95.1 occupied (16 of the space is occupied by the Company
for use as our Baltimore headquarters). The property is subject to commercial leases with various tenants. 

2) 155 E. 21 st Street in Duval County,
Florida was an office building property that remains under lease through March 2026. We permitted the tenant to demolish all structures
on the property during 2018. 

3) Cranberry Run Business Park in Hartford County,
Maryland consists of five office buildings totaling 267,737 square feet which are 100 occupied and 100 leased. The property is subject
to commercial leases with various tenants. 

4) Hollander 95 Business Park in Baltimore City, Maryland
consists of two buildings totaling 145,590 square feet that were completed in the fourth quarter of 2021and are 100.0 leased and 45.4 
occupied. 

Management focuses on several factors to measure our
success on a comparative basis in this segment. The major factors we focus on are (1) net operating income growth, (2) growth in occupancy,
(3) average annual occupancy rate (defined as the occupied square feet at the end of each month during a fiscal year divided by the number
of months to date in that fiscal year as a percentage of the average number of square feet in the portfolio over that same time period),
(4) tenant retention success rate (as a percentage of total square feet to be renewed), (5) building and refurbishing assets to meet Class
A and Class B institutional grade classifications, and (6) reducing complexities and deferred capital expenditures to maximize sale price. 

Mining Royalty Lands Segment. 

Our Mining Royalty Lands segment owns several properties
comprising approximately 16,650 acres currently under lease for mining rents or royalties (excluding the 4,280 acres owned by our Brooksville
joint venture with Vulcan Materials). Other than one location in Virginia, all of these properties are located in Florida and Georgia. The
Company leases land under long-term leases that grant the lessee the right to mine and sell reserves from our property in exchange for
royalty payments. A typical lease has an option to extend the lease for additional terms. The typical lease in this segment requires the
tenant to pay us a royalty based on the number of tons of mined materials sold from our property during a given fiscal year multiplied
by a percentage of the average annual sales price per ton sold. As a result of this royalty payment structure, we do not bear the cost
risks associated with the mining operations, however, we are subject to the cyclical nature of the construction markets in these states
as both volumes and prices tend to fluctuate through those cycles. In certain locations, typically where the reserves on our property
have been depleted but the tenant still has a need for the leased land, we collect a minimum annual rental amount. We believe strongly
in the potential for future growth in construction in Florida, Georgia, and Virginia which would positively benefit our profitability
in this segment. In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, a total of 9.5 million tons were mined. 

38 

The major expenses in this segment are comprised of
collection and accounting for royalties, management s oversight of the mining leases, land entitlement for post-mining uses and
property taxes at our non-leased locations and at our Grandin location which, unlike our other leased mining locations, are not entirely
paid by the tenant. As such, our costs in this business are very low as a percentage of revenue, are relatively stable and are not affected
by increases in production at our locations. Our current mining tenants include Vulcan Materials, Martin Marietta, Cemex, Argos and The
Concrete Company. 

Additionally, these locations provide us with opportunities
for valuable second lives for these assets through proper land planning and entitlement. 

Significant 2 nd life Mining
Lands: 

Location 
 Acreage 
 Status 
 
 Brooksville, FL 
 4,280 +/- 
 Development of Regional of Impact and County Land Use and Master Zoning in place for 5,800 residential unit, mixed-use development 
 
 Ft. Myers, FL 
 1,907 +/- 
 Approval in place for 105, 1 acre, waterfront residential lots after mining completed. 
 
 Total 
 6,187 +/- 

Development Segment. 

Through our Development segment, we own and are continuously
monitoring for their highest and best use several parcels of land that are in various stages of development. Our overall
strategy in this segment is to convert all our non-income producing lands into income production through (i) an orderly process of constructing
new commercial and residential buildings for us to own and operate or (ii) a sale to, or joint venture with, third parties. Additionally,
our Development segment will purchase or form joint ventures on new developments of land not previously owned by the Company. 

Revenues in this segment are generated predominately
from land sales and interim property rents. The significant cash outlays incurred in this segment are for land acquisition costs, entitlement
costs, property taxes, design and permitting, the personnel costs of our in-house management team and horizontal and vertical construction
costs. 

Development Segment Warehouse/Office Land. 

At December 31, 2022, this segment owned the following
future development parcels: 

1) Six acres of horizontally developed land at Hollander Business Park in Baltimore City, Maryland with one
101,750 square feet industrial build-to-suit awaiting final certificate of occupancy. 

2) 54 acres of land that will be capable of supporting over 690,000 square feet of industrial product located
at 1001 Old Philadelphia Road in Aberdeen, Maryland. 

3) 17 acres of land in Harford County, Maryland that can accommodate 259,000 square feet of industrial development. 

4) 170 acres of land in Cecil County, Maryland that can accommodate 900,000 square feet of industrial development. 

We also have three properties that were either spun-off
to us from Florida Rock Industries in 1986 or acquired by us from unrelated third parties. These properties, as a result of our highest
and best use studies, are being prepared for income generation through sale or joint venture with third parties, and in certain
cases we are leasing these properties on an interim basis for an income stream while we wait for the development market to mature. 

39 

Development Segment - Significant Investment Lands
Inventory: 

Location 
 Approx. Acreage 
 Status 

NBV 
 
 Riverfront on the Anacostia Phases III-IV 
 2.5 
 Conceptual design program ongoing 
 6,209,000 
 
 Hampstead Trade Center, MD 
 118 
 Zoning applied for in preparation for sale 
 10,178,000 
 
 Square 664E, on the Anacostia River in DC 
 2 
 Under lease to Vulcan Materials as a concrete batch plant through 2026 
 7,510,000 
 
 Total 
 122.5 
 
 23,897,000 

Development Segment - Investments in Joint Ventures 

The third leg of our Development Segment consists
of investments in joint venture for properties in development. The Company has investments in joint ventures, primarily with other real
estate developers which are summarized below: 

Property 
 JV Partner 
 Status 

Ownership 
 
 Brooksville Quarry, LLC near Brooksville, Florida 
 Vulcan Materials Company 
 Future planned residential development of 3,500 acres which are currently subject to mining lease 
 50 
 
 BC FRP Realty, LLC for 35 acres in Maryland 
 St John Properties 
 Development of 329,000 square feet multi-building business park in progress 
 50 
 
 Bryant Street Partnerships for 5 acres of land in Washington, D.C. 
 MRP Realty 
 Mixed-use development with 487 residential units and 91,661 square feet of retail partially completed 
 61.36 
 
 Aberdeen Station residential development in Harford County, Maryland 
 
 31.1 million in exchange for an interest rate of 10 and a 20 preferred return after which the Company is also entitled to a portion of proceeds from sale 
 Financing 
 
 Amber Ridge residential development in Prince George s County, Maryland 
 
 18.5 million in exchange for an interest rate of 10 and a 20 preferred return after which the Company is also entitled to a portion of proceeds from sale 
 Financing 
 
 The Verge at 1800 Half Street property in Buzzard Point area of Washington, D.C. 
 MRP Realty 
 Construction of eleven-story structure with 344 apartments and 8,536 square feet of ground floor retail underway 
 61.37 
 
 .408 Jackson property in Greenville, SC 
 Woodfield Development 
 Construction of mixed-use project with 227 multifamily units and 4,539 square feet of retail space began in May 2020 
 40 
 
 Estero 
 Woodfield Development 
 Mixed-use project with 554 multifamily units, 72,000 square feet of commercial space, 41,000 square feet of office space and a boutique 170-key hotel 
 16 
 
 FRP/MRP Buzzard Point Sponsor, LLC 
 MRP Realty 
 Pre-development activities for phase one of property owned by Steuart Investment Company (SIC) under a Contribution and Pre-Development Agreement between this partnership and SIC 
 50 

40 

Joint ventures where FRP is not the primary beneficiary
(including those in the Stabilized Joint Venture Segment) are reflected in the line Investment in joint ventures on the
balance sheet and Equity in loss of joint ventures on the income statement. The following table summarizes the Company s
investments in unconsolidated joint ventures (in thousands): 

The 

Company's 

Share of Profit 

Common 

Total 

Total Assets of 

Profit (Loss) 

(Loss) of the 

Ownership 

Investment 

The Partnership 

Of the Partnership 

Partnership 

As of December 31, 2022 

Brooksville Quarry, LLC 
 
 50.00 

7,522 

14,374 

(84) 
 
 (42) 
 
 BC FRP Realty, LLC 
 
 50.00 

5,453 

21,825 

(358) 
 
 (175) 
 
 Buzzard Point Sponsor, LLC 
 
 50.00 

1,453 

2,906 

Bryant Street Partnerships 
 
 61.36 

55,561 

199,774 

(10,339) 
 
 (6,829) 
 
 Lending ventures 

16,476 

5,577 

DST Hickory Creek 
 
 26.65 

10,960 

3,164 

Estero Partnership 
 
 16.00 

3,600 

38,505 

1800 Half St. Owner, LLC 
 
 61.37 

38,471 

131,128 

(1,841) 
 
 (1,129) 
 
 Greenville Partnerships 
 
 40.00 

11,989 

96,551 

(1,775) 
 
 (710) 
 
 Total 

140,525 

510,640 

(3,437) 
 
 (5,721) 

The major classes of assets, liabilities and equity
of the Company s Investments in Joint Ventures as of December 31, 2022, are summarized in the following two tables (in thousands): 

As of December 31, 2022 
 
 Total 

Buzzard Point 
 
 Bryant Street 
 
 Estero 
 
 1800 Half St. 
 
 Greenville 
 
 Apartment/ 

Sponsor, LLC 
 
 Partnership 
 
 Partnership 
 
 Partnership 
 
 Partnership 
 
 Mixed-Use 

Investments in real estate, net 
 
 0 

192,904 

33,008 

130,616 

95,883 

452,411 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 0 

1,349 

5,497 

359 

567 

7,772 

Unrealized rents receivables 
 
 0 

5,128 

0 

14 

13 

5,155 

Deferred costs 
 
 2,906 

393 

0 

139 

88 

3,526 

Total Assets 
 
 2,906 

199,774 

38,505 

131,128 

96,551 

468,864 

Secured notes payable 
 
 0 

129,263 

16,000 

66,584 

64,954 

276,801 

Other liabilities 
 
 0 

2,338 

5 

5,328 

3,014 

10,685 

Capital - FRP 
 
 1,453 

53,553 

3,600 

36,348 

11,087 

106,041 

Capital Third Parties 
 
 1,453 

14,620 

18,900 

22,868 

17,496 

75,337 

Total Liabilities and Capital 
 
 2,906 

199,774 

38,505 

131,128 

96,551 

468,864 

As of December 31, 2022 
 
 Total 

Brooksville 
 
 BC FRP 
 
 Lending 
 
 Apartment/ 
 
 Grand 

Quarry, LLC 
 
 Realty, LLC 
 
 Ventures 
 
 Mixed-Use 
 
 Total 

Investments in real estate, net 
 
 14,307 

21,059 

5,547 

452,411 

493,324 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 66 

99 

0 

7,772 

7,937 

Unrealized rents receivables 
 
 0 

422 

0 

5,155 

5,577 

Deferred costs 
 
 1 

245 

30 

3,526 

3,802 

Total Assets 
 
 14,374 

21,825 

5,577 

468,864 

510,640 

Secured notes payable 
 
 0 

10,899 

(10,899) 
 
 276,801 

276,801 

Other liabilities 
 
 0 

338 

0 

10,685 

11,023 

Capital FRP 
 
 7,522 

5,294 

16,476 

106,041 

135,333 

Capital - Third Parties 
 
 6,852 

5,294 

0 

75,337 

87,483 

Total Liabilities and Capital 
 
 14,374 

21,825 

5,577 

468,864 

510,640 

41 

Stabilized Joint Venture Segment . 

At year end, the segment included three stabilized
joint ventures which own, lease and manage buildings. These assets create revenue and cash flows through tenant rental payments, and reimbursements
for building operating costs. The Company s residential spaces generally lease for 12 15-month lease terms and 90 days prior
to the expiration, as long as there is no balance due, the tenant is offered a renewal. If no notice to move out or renew is made, then
the leases go to month to month until notification of termination or renewal is received. Renewal terms are typically 9 12 months. From
March 2020 through the end of 2021, we were prohibited from increasing rent on renewals by emergency measures in Washington, DC designed
to ease the burden of the pandemic on its citizens. These measures expired at the end of 2021. The Company also leases retail spaces at
apartment/mixed-use properties. The retail leases are typically 10 -15-year leases with options to renew for another 5 years. Retail
leases at these properties also include percentage rents which average 3-6 of annual sales for the tenant that exceed a breakpoint stipulated
by each individual lease. All base rent revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis. The major cash outlays incurred in this segment
are for property taxes, full service maintenance, property management, utilities and marketing. The three stabilized joint venture properties
are as follows: 

Property and Occupancy 
 JV Partner 
 Method of Accounting 

Ownership 

Dock 79 apartments Washington, D.C. 
 305 apartment units and 14,430 square feet of retail 
 MRP Realty/SIC 
 Consolidated 
 52.8 
 
 The Maren apartments Washington, D.C. 264 residential units and 6,758 square feet of retail 
 MRP Realty/SIC 
 Consolidated as of March 31, 2021 
 56.33 
 
 Riverside apartments 1430 Hampton Avenue, Greenville, SC 
 Woodfield Development 
 Equity Method 
 40 

COMPARATIVE RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Consolidated Results 

(dollars in thousands) 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Change 

Revenues: 

Lease revenue 
 
 26,798 

21,755 

5,043 

23.2 

Mining lands lease revenue 
 
 10,683 

9,465 

1,218 

12.9 

Total Revenues 
 
 37,481 

31,220 

6,261 

20.1 

Cost of operations: 

Depreciation/Depletion/Amortization 
 
 11,217 

12,737 

(1,520) 

-11.9 

Operating Expenses 
 
 7,065 

6,219 

846 

13.6 

Property Taxes 
 
 4,125 

3,751 

374 

10.0 

Management Company indirect 
 
 3,416 

3,168 

248 

7.8 

Corporate Expense 
 
 3,662 

3,071 

591 

19.2 

Total cost of operations 
 
 29,485 

28,946 

539 

1.9 

Total operating profit 
 
 7,996 

2,274 

5,722 

251.6 

Net investment income 
 
 5,473 

4,215 

1,258 

29.8 

Interest Expense 
 
 (3,045) 

(2,304) 

(741) 

32.2 

Equity in loss of joint ventures 
 
 (5,721) 

(5,754) 

33 

-0.6 

Gain on remeasurement of investment in real estate partnership 

51,139 

(51,139) 

-100.0 

Gain on sale of real estate 
 
 874 

805 

69 

8.6 

Income before income taxes 
 
 5,577 

50,375 

(44,798) 

-88.9 

42 

Provision for income taxes 
 
 1,530 

10,281 

(8,751) 

-85.1 

Net income 
 
 4,047 

40,094 

(36,047) 

-89.9 

(Loss) gain attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 
 (518) 

11,879 

(12,397) 

-104.4 

Net income attributable to the Company 
 
 4,565 

28,215 

(23,650) 

-83.8 

Net income attributable to the Company for 2022 was
 4,565,000 or .48 per share versus 28,215,000 or 3.00 per share in the same period last year. Net income for calendar year 2021 included
a gain of 51.1 million on the remeasurement of investment in The Maren real estate partnership, which is included in Income before income
taxes. This gain on remeasurement was mitigated by a 10.1 million provision for taxes and 14.0 million attributable to noncontrolling
interest. The calendar year 2022 was impacted by the following items: 

The period includes 547,000 amortization expense compared to 3,899,000
in the same period last year. Amortization expense in 2021 was impacted by the 4,750,000 fair value of The Maren s leases-in-place
established when we booked this asset as part of the gain on remeasurement upon consolidation of this Joint Venture. The value placed
on these leases was amortized over the life of the leases, which was on average one year. 

Net investment income increased 1,258,000 due to a 1,119,000 increase
in interest earned on cash equivalents, a 199,000 increase in income from our lending ventures. Investment income was mitigated by a
 60,000 decrease in preferred interest from our joint ventures due to the repayment of our preferred equity interest in The Maren. 

Interest expense increased 741,000 compared to the same quarter last year
due to less capitalized interest. We capitalized less interest because of fewer in-house and joint venture projects under development
this year compared to last year. 

Equity in loss of Joint Ventures decreased 33,000 due to a 2,832,000 gain
on the sale of DST Hickory Creek mostly offset by increased depreciation and amortization at our joint ventures due to buildings placed
in service. 

The period includes 874,000 in gain on sales of excess property at Brooksville
compared to 805,000 for an easement and sale of excess property in the same segment in the prior year. 

Asset Management Segment Results 

Twelve months ended December 31 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Lease revenue 

3,681 

100.0 

2,575 

100.0 

1,106 

43.0 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 

907 

24.6 

578 

22.4 

329 

56.9 

Operating expenses 

568 

15.4 

388 

15.1 

180 

46.4 

Property taxes 

211 

5.7 

156 

6.1 

55 

35.3 

Management company indirect 

403 

11.0 

841 

32.7 

(438) 

-52.1 

Corporate expense 

632 

17.2 

843 

32.7 

(211) 

-25.0 

Cost of operations 

2,721 

73.9 

2,806 

109.0 

(85) 

-3.0 

Operating profit (loss) 

960 

26.1 

(231) 

-9.0 

1,191 

-515.6 

Total revenues in this segment were 3,681,000, up
 1,106,000 or 43.0 , over the same period last year. Operating profit was 960,000, up 1,191,000 from an operating loss of (231,000)
in the same period last year. Revenues and operating profit are up because of improved occupancy and rent growth at Cranberry Run and
full occupancy at 1865 62nd Street which was placed into service in the fourth quarter of 2021. Net Operating Income this year for this
segment was 2,666,000 up 751,000 or 39.2 compared to calendar year 2021. 

43 

Mining Royalty Lands Segment Results 

Twelve months ended December 31 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Mining lands lease revenue 

10,683 

100.0 

9,465 

100.0 

1,218 

12.9 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 

586 

5.5 

199 

2.1 

387 

194.5 

Operating expenses 

67 

0.6 

47 

0.5 

20 

42.6 

Property taxes 

262 

2.5 

264 

2.8 

(2) 

-0.8 

Management company indirect 

463 

4.3 

397 

4.2 

66 

16.6 

Corporate expense 

414 

3.9 

318 

3.3 

96 

30.2 

Cost of operations 

1,792 

16.8 

1,225 

12.9 

567 

46.3 

Operating profit 

8,891 

83.2 

8,240 

87.1 

651 

7.9 

Total revenues in this segment were 10,683,000 versus
 9,465,000 in the same period last year. Total operating profit in this segment was 8,891,000, an increase of 651,000 versus 8,240,000
in the same period last year. This increase is primarily the result of the additional royalties from the acquisition in Astatula, Florida,
which we completed at the beginning of the second quarter. 

Development Segment Results 

Twelve months ended December 31 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Change 

Lease revenue 

1,674 

1,563 

111 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 

189 

208 

(19) 

Operating expenses 

672 

976 

(304) 

Property taxes 

1,425 

1,438 

(13) 

Management company indirect 

2,179 

1,489 

690 

Corporate expense 

2,284 

1,557 

727 

Cost of operations 

6,749 

5,668 

1,081 

Operating loss 

(5,075) 

(4,105) 

(970) 

Equity in loss of Joint Venture 

(8,310) 

(5,427) 

(2,883) 

Interest earned 

3,600 

3,427 

173 

Loss from continuing operations before income taxes 

(9,785) 

(6,105) 

(3,680) 

The Development segment is responsible for (i) seeking
out and identifying opportunistic purchases of income producing warehouse/office buildings, and (ii) developing our non-income producing
properties into income production. 

With respect to ongoing projects: 

We are the principal capital source of a residential development venture
in Prince George s County, Maryland known as Amber Ridge. Of the 18.5 million in committed capital to the project,
 16.9 million in principal draws have taken place through quarter end. Through the end of 2022, 135 of the 187 units have been sold, and
we have received 16.6 million in preferred interest and principal to date. 

Bryant Street is a mixed-use joint venture between the Company and MRP in
Washington, DC consisting of four buildings, The Coda, The Chase 1A, The Chase 1B, and one commercial building 90 leased to an Alamo
Draft House movie theater. At quarter end, the Coda was 93.51 leased and 92.86 occupied, The Chase 1B was 86.96 leased and 87.58 occupied,
and The Chase 1A was 88.37 leased and 88.37 occupied. In total, at 

44 

quarter end, Bryant Street s 487
residential units were 89.5 leased and 89.5 occupied. Its commercial space was 84.2 leased and 71.4 occupied at quarter end. 

Lease-up is now underway at The Verge. We have temporary certificates of
occupancy for all eleven floors and anticipate the final certificate of occupancy in the first quarter of 2023. The Verge was 13.7 leased
and 9.6 occupied at year end. Retail at this location is 85 leased. This is our third mixed-use project in the Anacostia waterfront
submarket in Washington, DC. 

.408 Jackson is our second joint venture project in Greenville and received
its temporary certificate of occupancy in December 2022. Leasing began in the fourth quarter of 2022 with residential units 21.6 leased
and 4.9 occupied at quarter end. Retail at this location is 100 leased. 

Grading and building permits for a 258,545 square-foot warehouse building
on Chelsea Road in Aberdeen, Maryland were submitted to the governing agencies for approval. 

In October, we received initial approval for the annexation into Aberdeen,
Maryland of our property adjacent to Cranberry Run Business Park. In December, this annexation was finalized and rendered unappealable.
This 54-acre site will support up to 690,000 square feet of warehouse development. 

All inspections for the build to suit warehouse project totaling 101,750
square-foot, located at 1941 62 nd Street in Baltimore City, were complete except for final occupancy inspections. 

Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we financed the purchase of what will
be our next lending venture. We are the principal capital source of a residential development venture in Aberdeen, Maryland known as Aberdeen
Overlook. We have committed 31.1 million in exchange for an interest rate of 10 and a preferred return of 20 after which a waterfall 
determines the split of proceeds from sale. Aberdeen Overlook will hold 159 townhomes, 122 single family homes, and 63 villa homes. We
are currently pursuing entitlements and have a homebuilder under contract to purchase all 344 lots upon completion of development infrastructure. 

Stabilized Joint Venture Segment Results 

Twelve months ended December 31 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Lease revenue 

21,443 

100.0 

17,617 

100.0 

3,826 

21.7 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 

9,535 

44.5 

11,752 

66.7 

(2,217) 

-18.9 

Operating expenses 

5,758 

26.9 

4,808 

27.3 

950 

19.8 

Property taxes 

2,227 

10.4 

1,893 

10.8 

334 

17.6 

Management company indirect 

371 

1.7 

441 

2.5 

(70) 

-15.9 

Corporate expense 

332 

1.5 

353 

2.0 

(21) 

-5.9 

Cost of operations 

18,223 

85.0 

19,247 

109.3 

(1,024) 

-5.3 

Operating profit (loss) 

3,220 

15.0 

(1,630) 

-9.3 

4,850 

-297.5 

In March 2021, we reached stabilization on Phase II
(The Maren) of the development known as RiverFront on the Anacostia in Washington, DC. As such, as of March 31, 2021, the Company consolidated
the assets (at current fair value based on appraisal), liabilities and operating results of the joint venture. Up through the first quarter
of the prior year, accounting for The Maren was reflected in Equity in loss of joint ventures on the Consolidated Statements of Income.
Starting April 1, 2021, all the revenue and expenses are accounted for in the same manner as Dock 79 in the stabilized joint venture segment. 

Total revenues in this segment were 21,443,000, an
increase of 3,826,000 versus 17,617,000 in the same period last year. The Maren s revenue was 10,045,000 and Dock 79 revenues
increased 770,000 to 11,398,000. Total operating profit in this segment was 3,220,000, an increase of 4,850,000 versus an operating
loss of (1,630,000) in the same period last year. Pro-rata net operating income for this segment was 9,469,000, up 1,379,000 or 17.05 
compared to the same period last year. All of these increases over last year are primarily due to The Maren s consolidation into
this segment in March 31, 2021. 

Fourth quarter, as part of our new partnership with
SIC and MRP, we sold a 20 ownership interest in a tenancy-in- 

45 

common (IC) of Dock 79 and The Maren for 65.3 million,
 44.5 million attributable to the Company, placing a combined valuation of the two buildings at 326.5 million. 

At the end of December, The Maren was 92.80 leased
and 96.59 occupied. The Maren s average residential occupancy for calendar year 2022 was 95.69 , and 61.45 of expiring leases
renewed with an average rent increase on renewals of 8.17 . The Maren is a joint venture between the Company and MRP and SIC, in which
FRP Holdings, Inc. is the majority partner with 56.3 ownership. 

Dock 79 s average residential occupancy for
calendar year 2022 was 95.13 , and at the end of the year, Dock 79 s residential units were 93.44 leased and 90.49 occupied. Through
the year, 61.40 of expiring leases renewed with a 5.91 increase on renewals. Dock 79 is a joint venture between the Company and MRP
and SIC, in which FRP Holdings, Inc. is the majority partner with 52.8 ownership. 

Third quarter we achieved stabilization at our Riverside
Joint Venture in Greenville South Carolina, meaning that the building had 90 occupancy for 90 days. The building s 200 residential
units were 98 leased with 92.5 occupancy at year end. The joint venture was also able to achieve permanent financing in third quarter
of 2022. The 32 million loan is interest only for five years with a term of eight years at a fixed rate of 4.92 with no prepayment penalty
after three years. Riverside is a joint venture with Woodfield Development and the Company owns 40 of the venture. 

Hickory Creek DST was sold and the Company received
 8.83 million from the sale on an investment of 6 million. Prior to the sale distributions to the Company were 332,000 for the year. 

Summary and Outlook 

Mining royalties had its highest revenue quarter ever
providing a fitting capstone to a year that saw both royalty revenue and NOI surpass 10 million for the first time. The extent to which
royalty revenue in 2022 eclipsed the previous year (12.9 improvement) or any year (12.7 improvement over 2020, previously the segment s
highest revenue year) is due in large part to the purchase of the Bland property in April 2022. However, even without the addition of
this latest royalty property, 2022 would have been the segment s best revenue year. It is management s belief that the performance
of this segment this year and over the last several years (8.1 cumulative aggregate growth rate since 2017) speaks not only to the attractiveness
of the aggregates industry as an investment, but also to the quality of our assets and operating tenants. 

This year, 61.45 of expiring leases at Maren renewed
with an average increase on renewals of 8.17 , and 61.40 of expiring leases renewed at Dock 79 with an average increase of 5.91 . When
we could not renew an existing residential lease, we saw a year-to-date increase in rent on those trade outs of 7.4 at
The Maren and 12.6 at Dock 79. With this being the first full year with The Maren in this segment, the 17 increase in NOI for this segment
is mostly attributable to an additional quarter of The Maren operating versus last year. However, the ability to raise rents on renewals
while retaining tenants at the rate that we did both Dock 79 and The Maren played a meaningful part in increasing NOI. As mentioned previously,
Steuart Investment Company is now a 20 partner in these assets. We are enthusiastic about this partnership, and the combined valuation 326.5 million) SIC placed on these assets through its investment demonstrates that our new partners have every bit as much faith in
these assets as we do. 

The Asset Management segment performed well in 2022.
All of our industrial assets are 100 leased, and six of the seven buildings in service are 100 occupied. The uptick in occupancy, particularly
at Cranberry, largely explains the increase in revenue, operating profit, and NOI in 2022, as well as the fact that this is the best year
this segment has experienced since we sold the bulk of our industrial portfolio in 2018. Looking forward into 2023, we expect our last
two buildings at Hollander (a build to suit, and a spec building currently 100 leased but 0 occupied) to achieve occupancy sometime
in the first half of next year, which will increase our occupied square footage for industrial by 54.3 and will positively impact revenue,
operating profit, and NOI for some time. 

Financially, operationally, and strategically, 2022
was a big year for the Company. The Bland property was our first addition to the mining royalties segment since 2012 and only our second
acquisition since 1986, and it was instrumental in the segment achieving the results it did this past year. This year, we secured permanent
financing on Riverside and completed construction and began lease-up on The Verge and .408 Jackson. 2022 saw the purchase of a new site
in Cecil 

46 

County Maryland capable of supporting 900,000 square
feet of industrial development and the annexation into the town of Aberdeen, Maryland of our property at 1001 Old Philadelphia Road which
begins the process of 690,000 square feet of industrial development at that site. Each segment achieved its highest revenue, operating
profit, and NOI total since the asset sale in 2018. However, the biggest news of 2022 came at the beginning of the fourth quarter when
we finalized the details of our agreement with SIC and MRP. If all goes according to plan, this partnership will be developing assets
together for well over a decade and in the end will have over three million square feet of mixed-use development in DC s Capitol
Riverfront and Buzzard Point submarkets. With 3,000 residential units and 150,000 square feet of retail spread amongst ten distinct multifamily
projects on or adjacent to the water, this is a unique opportunity to expand upon our existing footprint in DC and end up controlling
nearly every asset visible from the south entrance to the nation s capital. 

On a macro level, the immediate future remains unclear.
On any given day, we are treated with predictions and prognostications that cover every shade of the economic color wheel. Inflation and
rising interest rates appear to be our reality for at least the immediate future, yet so do low unemployment and job growth. Regardless
of whatever the immediate future holds, it is our belief that with the assets we have in place, the partners we have chosen, and the steps
we have made to ensure deliberate, responsible growth over the long haul, your company is on its way to building something very special. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

The growth of the Company s businesses requires
significant cash needs to acquire and develop land or operating buildings and to construct new buildings and tenant improvements. As of
December 31, 2022, we had 177,497,000 of cash and cash equivalents. As of December 31, 2022, we had no debt borrowed under our 20 million
Wells Fargo revolver, 562,000 outstanding under letters of credit and 19,438,000 available to borrow under the revolver. On March 19,
2021, the Company refinanced Dock 79 and The Maren projects pursuant to separate Loan Agreements and Deed of Trust Notes entered into
with Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America, LLC. Dock 79 and The Maren borrowed principal sums of 92,070,000 and 88,000,000
respectively, in connection with the refinancing. 

Cash Flows - The following table summarizes
our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for each of the periods presented (in thousands of dollars): 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 
 
 Total cash provided by (used for): 

Operating activities 

22,338 

22,242 

18,613 

Investing activities 

(23,196) 

66,601 

50,527 

Financing activities 

16,834 

(1,231) 

(21,838) 
 
 Increase in cash and cash equivalents 

15,976 

87,612 

47,302 

Outstanding debt at the beginning of the period 

178,409 

89,964 

88,925 

Outstanding debt at the end of the period 

178,557 

178,409 

89,964 

Operating Activities - Net cash provided by
operating activities in 2022 was 22,338,000 versus 22,242,000 in the same period last year. The Gain on remeasurement of investment
in real estate partnership and related deferred income taxes were both non-cash adjustments to net income to arrive at net cash provided
by operating activities in 2021. 

Net cash provided by operating activities in 2021
was 22,242,000 versus 18,613,000 in 2020. The Gain on remeasurement of investment in real estate partnership and related deferred income
taxes were both non-cash adjustments to net income to arrive at net cash provided by operating activities in 2021. 

As of December 31, 2022 the company had
deferred taxes of approximately 31 million associated with 112 million of gains on sales reinvested through Opportunity Zone investments.
These taxes are deferred until the earlier of the sale of the related investments or December 31, 2026 and 10 of gains are excluded from
tax once the investments are held five years plus an additional 5 is excluded at seven years. 

47 

Investing Activities Net cash used
in investing activities in 2022 was 23,196,000 versus cash provided by investing activities of 66,601,000 in 2021. The decrease was
due primarily due to increased investment in properties of 11 million, increased investments in joint ventures of 8 million and reduced
proceeds from sales of corporate bonds of 65.6 million. In 2022 the Company invested 11 million in mining land and 11 million to pay
off debt in our BC Realty, LLC joint venture. 

Net cash provided by investing activities in 2021
was 66,601,000 versus 50,527,000 in 2020. The increase was due primarily due to a return of our preferred equity financing with interest
of 16.1 million from The Maren, 5.3 million return of capital from Amber Ridge, 24.6 million decrease in purchases of corporate bonds
due to lack of attractive investment opportunities, and 3.7 million for cash on the books of The Maren upon consolidation mostly offset
by a 15.9 million decrease on maturities and sales of our corporate bond portfolio and the 18.3 million decrease in proceeds from the
sale of assets as the prior year included the sale of the three remaining lots at our Lakeside Business Park, 1801 62 nd Street,
Gulf Hammock, and 87 acres from our Ft. Myers property. 

At December 31, 2022, the Company was invested in
U.S. Treasury notes valued at 161,585,000 maturing in late 2023. The unrealized loss on these investments of 1,903,000 was recorded
as part of comprehensive income and was based on the estimated market value by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (Level 1). 

Financing Activities Net
cash provided by financing activities was 16,834,000 versus cash required by financing activities of 1,231,000 in the same period last
year primarily due the 27.9 million contribution for 20 ownership of Dock Maren by our new limited partner (less 9.3 million
distributed to MRP) and prior year refinancing of Dock 79 for 1.4 million more net of debt issuance costs than the amount matured. 

Net cash required by financing activities
was 1,231,000 in 2021 versus 21,838,000 in 2020 primarily due the refinancing of Dock 79 for 1.4 million more net of debt issuance
costs than the amount matured and 21.0 million lower repurchases of company stock. 

Credit Facilities - On February 6,
2019, the Company entered into a First Amendment to the 2015 Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement with Wells Fargo Bank,
N.A. (Wells Fargo ). The Credit Agreement modifies the Company s prior Credit Agreement with Wells Fargo, dated January 30,
2015. The Credit Agreement establishes a five-year revolving credit facility with a maximum facility amount of 20 million. The interest
rate under the Credit Agreement will be a maximum of 1.50 over Daily 1-Month LIBOR, which may be reduced quarterly to 1.25 or 1.0 over
Daily 1-Month LIBOR if the Company meets a specified ratio of consolidated total debt to consolidated total capital. A commitment fee
of 0.25 per annum is payable quarterly on the unused portion of the commitment but the amount may be reduced to 0.20 or 0.15 if the
Company meets a specified ratio of consolidated total debt to consolidated total capital. The credit agreement contains certain conditions
and financial covenants, including a minimum tangible net worth and dividend restriction. As of December 31, 2022, these covenants would
have limited our ability to pay dividends to a maximum of 249 million combined. 

On March 19, 2021, the Company refinanced
Dock 79 and The Maren projects pursuant to separate Loan Agreements and Deed of Trust Notes entered into with Teachers Insurance and Annuity
Association of America, LLC. Dock 79 and The Maren borrowed principal sums of 92,070,000 and 88,000,000 respectively, in connection
with the refinancing. The loans are separately secured by the Dock 79 and The Maren real property and improvements, bear a fixed interest
rate of 3.03 per annum, and require monthly payments of interest only with the principal in full due April 1, 2033. Either loan may be
prepaid subsequent to April 1, 2024, subject to yield maintenance premiums. Either loan may be transferred to a qualified buyer as part
of a one-time sale subject to a 60 loan to value, minimum of 7.5 debt yield and a 0.75 transfer fee. Effective March 31, 2021, the
Company consolidated the assets (at current fair value), liabilities and operating results of our Riverfront Investment Partners II, LLC
partnership (The Maren) which was previously accounted for under the equity method. As such the full amount of our mortgage loan was recorded
in the consolidated financial statements. 

Cash Requirements The Company expended
capital of 27,615,000 during 2022 for real estate development including investments in joint ventures and the purchase of mining property.
These capital expenditures were funded from cash and investments on hand, cash generated from operations and property sales, or borrowings
under our credit facilities. The Company expects to invest 83 million into our existing real estate holdings and partnerships as well
as new real estate assets and joint ventures during 2023, with such capital being funded from cash and investments on hand, cash generated 

48 

from operations and property sales, or borrowings
under our credit facilities. Rising interest rates and cost inflation will require that we closely scrutinize these investments before
pulling the trigger on them. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 

To supplement the financial results presented in accordance
with GAAP, FRP presents certain non-GAAP financial measures within the meaning of Regulation G promulgated by the Securities and Exchange
Commission. We believe these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to our Board of Directors, management and investors regarding
certain trends relating to our financial condition and results of operations. Our management uses these non-GAAP measures to compare our
performance to that of prior periods for trend analysis, purposes of determining management incentive compensation and budgeting, forecasting
and planning purposes. We provide Pro-rata net operating income (NOI) because we believe it assists investors and analysis in estimating
our economic interest in our consolidated and unconsolidated partnerships, when read in conjunction with our reported results under GAAP.
This measure is not, and should not be viewed as, a substitute for GAAP financial measures. 

Pro-Rata Net Operating Income Reconciliation 

Twelve months ended 12/31/22 (in thousands) 

Stabilized 

Asset 

Joint 
 
 Mining 
 
 Unallocated 
 
 FRP 

Management 
 
 Development 
 
 Venture 
 
 Royalties 
 
 Corporate 
 
 Holdings 

Segment 
 
 Segment 
 
 Segment 
 
 Segment 
 
 Expenses 
 
 Totals 
 
 Net Income (loss) 
 
 700 

(7,138) 

1,938 

7,093 

1,454 

4,047 

Income Tax Allocation 
 
 260 

(2,647) 

910 

2,630 

377 

1,530 

Income (loss) before income taxes 
 
 960 

(9,785) 

2,848 

9,723 

1,831 

5,577 

Less: 

Gain on investment land sold 

874 

874 

Unrealized rents 
 
 236 

(71) 

202 

367 

Interest income 

3,600 

1,873 

5,473 

Plus: 

Equity in (gain)/loss of Joint Venture 

8,310 

(2,631) 

42 

5,721 

Interest Expense 

3,003 

42 

3,045 

Depreciation/Amortization 
 
 907 

189 

9,535 

586 

11,217 

Management Co. Indirect 
 
 403 

2,179 

371 

463 

3,416 

Allocated Corporate Expenses 
 
 632 

2,284 

332 

414 

3,662 

Net Operating Income (loss) 
 
 2,666 

(423) 

13,529 

10,152 

25,924 

NOI of noncontrolling interest 

(4,595) 

(4,595) 
 
 Pro-rata NOI from unconsolidated joint ventures 

2,366 

535 

2,901 

Pro-Rata net operating income 
 
 2,666 

1,943 

9,469 

10,152 

24,230 

Net Operating Income Reconciliation 

Twelve months ended 12/31/21 (in thousands) 

Stabilized 

Asset 

Joint 
 
 Mining 
 
 Unallocated 
 
 FRP 

Management 
 
 Development 
 
 Venture 
 
 Royalties 
 
 Corporate 
 
 Holdings 

Segment 
 
 Segment 
 
 Segment 
 
 Segment 
 
 Expenses 
 
 Totals 

Pro-Rata 
 Net Income (loss) 
 
 (187) 

(4,454) 

37,472 

6,587 

676 

40,094 

Income Tax Allocation 
 
 (70) 

(1,651) 

9,490 

2,443 

69 

10,281 

Income (loss) before income taxes 
 
 (257) 

(6,105) 

46,962 

9,030 

745 

50,375 

Less: 

Gain on remeasurement of real estate investment 

51,139 

51,139 

Gain on investment land sold 

831 

831 

Unrealized rents 
 
 116 

100 

219 

435 

Interest income 

3,427 

788 

4,215 

Plus: 

Loss on sale of land 
 
 26 

26 

Equity in loss of Joint Venture 

5,427 

286 

41 

5,754 

Interest Expense 

2,261 

43 

2,304 

Depreciation/Amortization 
 
 578 

208 

11,752 

199 

12,737 

Management Co. Indirect 
 
 841 

1,489 

441 

397 

3,168 

Allocated Corporate Expenses 
 
 843 

1,557 

353 

318 

3,071 

Net Operating Income (loss) 
 
 1,915 

(851) 

10,816 

8,935 

20,815 

NOI of noncontrolling interest 

(2,726) 

(2,726) 
 
 Pro-rata NOI from unconsolidated joint ventures 

(528) 

(528) 

Pro-Rata net operating income 
 
 1,915 

(1,379) 

8,090 

8,935 

17,561 

49 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

The Company has outstanding letters of credit described
above under Liquidity and Capital Resources. The Company has guaranteed debt as described above under Note 12 Contingent
Liabilities. The Company unconsolidated Joint Ventures have debt as scheduled under Investments in Joint Ventures . The Company
does not have any other off-balance sheet arrangements that either have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material
effect on its financial condition. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Management of the Company considers the following
accounting policies critical to the reported operations of the Company: 

Accounts Receivable and Unrealized Rents Valuation .
The Company is subject to customer credit risk that could affect the collection of outstanding accounts receivable and unrealized rents,
that is rents recorded on a straight-lined basis. To mitigate these risks, the Company performs credit reviews on all new customers and
periodic credit reviews on existing customers. A detailed analysis of late and slow pay customers is prepared monthly and reviewed by
senior management. The overall collectibility of outstanding receivables and straight-lined rents is evaluated and allowances are recorded
as appropriate. Significant changes in customer credit could require increased allowances and affect cash flows. 

Net Real Estate Investments and Impairment
of Assets . Net real estate investments are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and depletion. Provision for depreciation
of Net real estate investments is computed using the straight-line method based on the following estimated useful lives: 

Years 

Buildings and improvements 
 3-39 

Depletion of sand and stone deposits is
computed on the basis of units of production in relation to estimated reserves. 

The Company periodically reviews net real estate investments
for potential impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable. This
review consists of comparing cap rates on recent cash flows and market value estimates to the carrying values of each asset group. If
this review indicates the carrying value might exceed fair value then an estimate of future cash flows for the remaining useful life of
each property is prepared considering anticipated vacancy, lease rates, and any future capital expenditures. Changes in estimates or assumptions
could have an impact on the Company s financials. 

All direct and indirect costs, including interest
and real estate taxes, associated with the development, construction, leasing or expansion of real estate investments are capitalized
as a development cost of the property. Included in indirect costs is an estimate of internal costs associated with development and rental
of real estate investments. Changes in estimates or assumptions could have an impact on the Company s financials. 

Accounting for Real Estate Investments. The
Company accounts for its real estate investments which are not wholly owned using either the cost method, the equity method or by consolidation
with related non-controlling interest. Consolidation is required if the Company controls an investment and is the primary beneficiary.
Equity method is required when the Company has significant influence over the operating and financial policies of the investment but is
not in control or not the primary beneficiary. Cost method applies when the Company does not have significant influence of the operating
and financial policies. Significant judgment is required and regular review as the facts change. 

Income Taxes. The Company accounts
for income taxes under the asset-and-liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent items that will result in taxable
income or a tax deduction in future years for which the related tax expense or benefit has already been recorded in our statement of earnings.
Deferred tax accounts arise as a result of timing differences between when items are recognized in the Consolidated Financial Statements
compared with when they are recognized in the tax returns. The Company assesses the likelihood that deferred tax assets will be recovered
from future taxable income. To the extent recovery is not probable, a valuation allowance is established and included as 

50 

an expense as part of our income tax provision.
No valuation allowance was recorded at December 31, 2022, as all deferred tax
assets are considered more likely than not to be realized. Significant judgment is required in determining and assessing the impact of
complex tax laws and certain tax-related contingencies on the provision for income taxes. As part of the calculation of the provision
for income taxes, we assess whether the benefits of our tax positions are at least more likely than not of being sustained upon audit
based on the technical merits of the tax position. For tax positions that are more likely than not of being sustained upon audit, we accrue
the largest amount of the benefit that is more likely than not of being sustained in our consolidated financial statements. Such accruals
require estimates and judgments, whereby actual results could vary materially from these estimates. Further, a number of years may elapse
before a particular matter, for which an established accrual was made, is audited and resolved. 

INFLATION 

Most of the Company s operating expenses
are inflation-sensitive, with inflation generally producing increased costs of operations. Substantially all of the Company s royalty
agreements are based on a percentage of the sales price of the related mined items. Minimum royalties and substantially all lease agreements
provide escalation provisions. 

51 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 Years ended December 31 

 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

Revenues: 

Lease revenue 

Mining Royalty and rents 

Total Revenues 

Cost of operations: 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 

Operating expenses 

Property taxes 

Management company indirect 

Corporate expenses (Note 3 Related Party) 

Total cost of operations 

Total operating profit 

Net investment income, including realized gains of , , and , respectively 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Equity in loss of joint ventures 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Gain on remeasurement of investment in real estate partnership 

Gain on sale of real estate 

Income before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

(Loss) gain attributable to noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to the Company 

Earnings per common share: 

Net Income attributable to the Company - 

Basic 

Diluted 

Number of shares (in thousands) used in computing: 

-basic earnings per common share 

-diluted earnings per common share 

See accompanying notes. 

52 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Years
ended December 31 

 (In thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss) net of tax: 

Unrealized loss on investments, net of income tax effect of ), and ) 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Minimum pension liability, net of income tax effect of ) , and 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income 

Less comp. income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income attributable to the Company 

See accompanying notes. 

53 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS As of December
31 

 (In thousands, except share data) 

December 31 
 
 December 31 
 
 Assets: 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Real estate investments at cost: 

Land 

Buildings and improvements 

Projects under construction 

Total investments in properties 

Less accumulated depreciation and depletion 

Net investments in properties 

Real estate held for investment, at cost 

Investments in joint ventures 

Net real estate investments 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Cash held in escrow 

Accounts receivable, net 

Investments available for sale at fair value 

Federal and state income taxes receivable 

Unrealized rents 

Deferred costs 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities: 

Secured notes payable 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Federal and state income taxes payable 

Deferred revenue 

Deferred income taxes 

Deferred compensation 

Tenant security deposits 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Equity: 

Common stock, par value 
 shares authorized, 
 and shares issued 
 and outstanding, respectively 

Capital in excess of par value 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive income, net 

() 

Total shareholders equity 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

See accompanying notes. 

54 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Years ended December 31 

 (In thousands) 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to
 reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 

Deferred income taxes 

Gain on remeasurement of invest in real estate partnership 

() 

Equity in loss of joint ventures 

Gain on sale of equipment and property 
 
 () 

() 

() 
 
 Stock-based compensation 

Realized (gain) loss on available for sale investments 

() 
 
 Deferred debt issuance cost write-off 

Net changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 
 () 

() 
 
 Deferred costs and other assets 
 
 () 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 
 () 

Income taxes payable and receivable 

() 
 
 Other long-term liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Investments in properties 
 
 () 

() 

() 
 
 Investments in joint ventures 
 
 () 

() 

() 
 
 Return of capital from investments in joint ventures 

Purchases of investments available for sale 

() 
 
 Proceeds from sales of investments available for sale 

Cash at consolidation of real estate partnership 

Cash held in escrow 
 
 () 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from sale of assets 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
 
 () 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from long-term debt 

Repayment of long-term debt 

() 

Debt issue costs 

() 

Contribution from partner 

Distribution to noncontrolling interest 
 
 () 

() 

() 
 
 Repurchase of company stock 

() 

() 
 
 Exercise of employee stock options 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

() 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid (received) during the year for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 
 
 () 

() 

See accompanying notes. 

55 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (In thousands, except share amounts) 

Accumu- 

lated 

Other 

Compre- 
 
 Total 

Capital in 

hensive 
 
 Share 
 
 Non- 

Common Stock 
 
 Excess of 
 
 Retained 
 
 Income, net 
 
 Holders 
 
 Controlling 
 
 Total 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Par Value 
 
 Earnings 
 
 of tax 
 
 Equity 
 
 Interest 
 
 Equity 

Balance at January 1, 2020 

Exercise of stock options 

Stock option grant compensation 

Restricted stock compensation 

Shares granted to Employee 

Shares granted to Directors 

Restricted stock award 

() 

Shares purchased and cancelled 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Contributions from partners 

Forfeitures 

Net income 

() 

Distributions to partners 

() 

() 
 
 Minimum pension liability, net 

Unrealized loss on investment, net 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Exercise of stock options 

Stock option grant compensation 

Restricted stock compensation 

Shares granted to Employee 

Shares granted to Directors 

Restricted stock award 

() 

Shares purchased and cancelled 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Contributions from partners 

Forfeiture 

Net income 

Distributions to partners 

() 

() 
 
 Minimum pension liability, net 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Unrealized loss on investment, net 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Exercise of stock options 

Stock option grant compensation 

Restricted stock compensation 

Shares granted to Employee 

Shares granted to Directors 

Restricted stock award 

() 

Shares purchased 

Forfeiture of restricted stock award 
 
 () 

Net income 

() 

Contributions from partner 

Reallocation of partners interest 

() 

Reallocation income tax expense 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Distributions to partners 

() 

() 
 
 Minimum pension liability, net 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Unrealized loss on investment, net 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

56 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

ownership interest in a tenancy-in-common (TIC) of Dock 79 and The Maren to a new partner
Steuart Investment Company (SIC). The Company continues to consolidate both properties because of continued control over major decisions
for both properties. 

investments were
held for trading purposes or classified as held to maturity. 

Depletion of sand and stone deposits is
computed on the basis of units of production in relation to estimated reserves. 

 Reserve estimates are periodically adjusted
based upon surveys. 

The Company recorded depreciation and depletion
expenses for fiscal year 2022, 2021 and 2020, of , and , respectively. 

All direct and indirect costs, including
interest and real estate taxes, associated with the development, construction, leasing or expansion of real estate investments are capitalized
as a cost of the property. Included in indirect costs is an allocation of internal costs associated with development of real estate investments.
The cost of routine repairs and maintenance to property and equipment is expensed as incurred. 

recorded at their fair value at the time
of acquisition. The fair value of the acquired property is allocated between land and building (on an as-if vacant basis) based on management s
estimate of the fair value of those components for each type of property and to tenant improvements based on the depreciated replacement
cost of the tenant improvements, which approximates their fair value. The fair value of the in-place leases is recorded as follows: 

the fair value of leases
in-place on the date of acquisition is based on absorption costs for the estimated lease-up period in which vacancy and foregone revenue
are avoided due to the presence of the acquired leases; 

the fair value of above
and below-market in-place leases based on the present value (using a discount rate that reflects the risks associated with the acquired
leases) of the difference between contractual rent amounts to be paid under the assumed lease and the estimated market lease rates for
the corresponding spaces over the remaining non-cancelable terms of the related leases; and 

the fair value of intangible
tenant or customer relationships. 

The Company s determination of these
fair values requires it to estimate market rents for each of the leases and make certain other assumptions. These estimates and assumptions
affect the rental revenue, and depreciation and amortization expense recognized for these leases and associated intangible assets and
liabilities. 

or less and has significant influence but does not have control. The Company uses the equity
method to account for its investment in the Bryant Street Partnerships and The Verge at 1800 Half Street, in which it has a voting interest
in because all major decisions are shared equally. Under the equity method, the investment is originally recorded at cost
and adjusted to recognize the Company s share of net earnings or losses of the investee, limited to the extent of the Company s
investment in and advances to the investee and financial guarantees on behalf of the investee that create additional basis. The Company
regularly monitors and evaluates the realizable value of its investments. When assessing an investment for an other-than-temporary decline
in value, the Company considers such factors as, the performance of the investee in relation to its own operating targets and its business
plan, the investee s revenue and cost trends, as well as liquidity and cash position, and the outlook for the overall industry in
which the investee operates. From time to time, the Company may consider third party evaluations or valuation reports. If events and circumstances
indicate that a decline in the value of these assets has occurred and is other-than-temporary, the Company records a charge to investment
income (expense). 

after the grant date. The fair value of
each grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The assumptions used in the model and current
year impact are discussed in Note 7. 

million for a interest in a joint venture with Woodfield Development to purchase acres in Estero, FL. While the joint venture attempts
to rezone the property, the Company will receive a preferred return of with an option to roll its investment into equity in the vertical
development or exit at that point. The Company s equity interest in the joint venture is accounted for under the equity method of
accounting because of the Company s significant influence in the development process. 

Lending Ventures In September of 2022,
we paid off and extended for up to 3 years the secured note on the property 

in our BC FRP Realty, LLC joint venture advancing
a total of million of the maximum commitment of million . This is included in our Lending Ventures investments in the tables
that follow along with our residential real estate development investments at Aberdeen and Amber Ridge. The loan on the BC FRP Realty,
LLC joint venture statement is reclassified to equity in the Lending Ventures table. 

FRP/MRP Buzzard Point Sponsor, LLC 
This partnership has been engaged in pre-development activities for phase one of property owned by Steuart Investment Company (SIC) under
a Contribution and Pre-Development Agreement between this partnership and SIC. 

() 
 
 () 
 
 BC FRP Realty, LLC 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Buzzard Point Sponsor, LLC 

Bryant Street Partnerships 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Lending ventures 

DST Hickory Creek 

Estero Partnership 

1800 Half St. Owner, LLC 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Greenville Partnerships 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Total 

() 
 
 () 

The 

Company's 

Share of Profit 

Common 

Total 

Total Assets of 

Profit (Loss) 

(Loss) of the 

Ownership 

Investment 

The Partnership 

Of the Partnership 

Partnership (1) 

As of December 31, 2021 

Brooksville Quarry, LLC 

() 
 
 () 
 
 BC FRP Realty, LLC 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Riverfront Holdings
 II, LLC (1) 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Bryant Street Partnerships 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Aberdeen Station Loan 

DST Hickory Creek 

() 

Amber Ridge Loan 

1800 Half St. Owner, LLC 

Greenville Partnerships 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Total 

() 
 
 () 

(1): 

As of December 31, 2022 
 
 Total 

Buzzard Point 
 
 Bryant Street 
 
 Estero 
 
 1800 Half St. 
 
 Greenville 
 
 Apartment/ 

Sponsor, LLC 
 
 Partnership 
 
 Partnership 
 
 Partnership 
 
 Partnership 
 
 Mixed-Use 

Investments in real estate, net 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Unrealized rents receivables 

Deferred costs 

Total Assets 

Secured notes payable 

Other liabilities 

Capital - FRP 

Capital Third Parties 

Total Liabilities and Capital 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Unrealized rents receivables 

Deferred costs 

Total Assets 

Secured notes payable 

() 

Other liabilities 

Capital FRP 

Capital - Third Parties 

Total Liabilities and Capital 

The Company s capital recorded by the unconsolidated
Joint Ventures is less than the Investment in Joint Ventures reported in the Company s consolidated balance sheet due
primarily to capitalized interest. 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Unrealized rents receivables 

Deferred costs 

Total Assets 

Secured notes payable 

Other liabilities 

Capital - FRP 

Capital Third Parties 

Total Liabilities and Capital 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Unrealized rents receivables 

Deferred costs 

Total Assets 

Secured notes payable 

Other liabilities 

Capital - FRP 

Capital - Third Parties 

Total Liabilities and Capital 

The amount of consolidated retained earnings (accumulated
deficit) for these joint ventures was ) and ) as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Revenue other 

Total Revenues 

Cost of operations: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Operating expenses 

Property taxes 

Total cost of operations 

Total operating loss 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss before tax 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Revenues: 

Rental Revenue 

Revenue other 

Total Revenues 

Cost of operations: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Operating expenses 

Property taxes 

Total cost of operations 

Total operating loss 

() 

() 
 
 Interest expense 

() 

() 

Net loss before tax 

() 

() 

and for 2022 and 2021, respectively. These charges are
reflected as part of corporate expenses. 

To determine these allocations between FRP
and Patriot as set forth in the Administrative Services Agreement, we employ an allocation method to allocate said expenses and thus we
believe that the allocations to FRP are a reasonable approximation of the costs related to FRP s operations, but any such related-party
transactions cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm s-length basis. 

 interest only, matures 4/1/2033 

Unamortized debt issuance costs 

() 

() 
 
 Credit agreement 

Long term debt 

The aggregate amount of principal payments,
excluding the revolving credit, due subsequent to December 31, 2022 is: 2023 - ; 2024 - ; 2025 - ; 2026 - ; 2027 and subsequent
years - . 

On February 6, 2019, the Company entered
into a First Amendment to the 2015 Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Wells Fargo ),
effective February 6, 2019. The Credit Agreement modifies the Company s prior Credit Agreement with Wells Fargo dated January 30,
2015. The Credit Agreement establishes a five -year revolving credit facility with a maximum facility amount of million . The interest
rate under the Credit Agreement will be a maximum of over Daily 1-Month LIBOR, which may be reduced quarterly to or over
Daily 1-Month LIBOR if the Company meets a specified ratio of consolidated debt to consolidated total capital, as 

defined which excludes FRP Riverfront. A
commitment fee of per annum is payable quarterly on the unused portion of the commitment but the amount may be reduced to 
or if the Company meets a specified ratio of consolidated total debt to consolidated total capital. The Credit Agreement contains
certain conditions, affirmative financial covenants and negative covenants. As of December 31, 2022, there was debt outstanding on
this revolver, outstanding under letters of credit and available for borrowing. The letters of credit were issued
to guarantee certain obligations to state agencies related to real estate development. Most of the letters of credit are irrevocable for
a period of one year and typically are automatically extended for additional one-year periods. The letter of credit fee is and applicable
interest rate would have been on December 31, 2022. The credit agreement contains certain conditions and financial covenants,
including a minimum tangible net worth and dividend restriction. As of December 31, 2022, these covenants would have limited our ability
to pay dividends to a maximum of million combined. 

On November 17, 2017, Dock 79 borrowed a
principal sum of pursuant to a Loan Agreement and Deed of Trust Note entered into with EagleBank. The loan was secured by
the Dock 79 real property and improvements, bore a fixed interest rate of per annum and had a term of . The loan was
paid in full on March 19, 2021. A prepayment penalty of was recorded into interest expense in the quarter ending March 31, 2021. 

Effective March 31, 2021, the Company consolidated
the assets (at current fair value), liabilities and operating results of our Riverfront Investment Partners II, LLC partnership The
Maren which was previously accounted for under the equity method. As such the full amount of our mortgage loan was recorded in
the consolidated financial statements. 

On March 19, 2021, the Company refinanced
Dock 79 and The Maren projects pursuant to separate Loan Agreements and Deed of Trust Notes entered into with Teachers Insurance and Annuity
Association of America, LLC. Dock 79 and The Maren borrowed principal sums of and respectively, in connection
with the refinancing. The loans are separately secured by the Dock 79 and The Maren real property and improvements, bear a fixed interest
rate of per annum, and require monthly payments of interest only with the principal in full due April 1, 2033. . 

Debt cost amortization of was recorded
in 2022. During 2022 and 2021, the Company capitalized interest costs of and , respectively. 

The Company was in compliance with debt
covenants as of December 31, 2022. 

revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis. 

Commercial Office 

 The Company s industrial warehouses typically
lease for terms ranging from 3 10 years often with one or two renewal options. All base rent revenue is recognized on a straight-lined
basis. All of the commercial warehouse leases are triple net and common area maintenance costs (CAM Revenue) are billed monthly, and insurance
and real estate taxes are billed annually. 34 Loveton is the only office product wherein all leases are full service therefore there is
no CAM revenue. Office leases are also recognized on a straight-lined basis. 

Mining 

 The Company leases land under long-term leases that
grant the lessee the right to mine and sell reserves from our property in exchange for royalty payments. A typical lease has an option
to extend the lease for additional terms. 

Commercial property 

Residential/mixed-use property 

Carrying Value of property owned by the Company leased or held for lease, gross 

Less accumulated depreciation and depletion 

Carrying Value of property owned by the Company leased or held for lease, net 

The minimum future straight-lined rentals
due the Company on noncancelable leases as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 2023 - ; 2024 - ; 2025 - ;
2026 - ; 2027 - ; 2028 and subsequent years . 

Common shares issuable under share based payments plans which are potentially dilutive 

Common shares used for diluted earnings per common share 

Net income attributable to the Company 

Earnings per common share: 

-basic 

-diluted 

For 2022 the Company did not have any outstanding
anti-dilutive stock options. For 2021, shares attributable to outstanding stock options were excluded from the calculation of diluted
earnings per share because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 

During 2021 the Company repurchased 
shares at an average cost of . During 2020 the Company repurchased shares at an average cost of . 

 Stock Option Plans (the
2006 Stock Incentive Plan and the 2016 Equity Incentive Option Plan) under which options for shares of common stock were granted to directors,
officers and key employees. The 2016 plan permits the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted
stock units, or stock awards. The options awarded under the plans have similar characteristics. All stock options are non-qualified and
expire ten years from the date of grant. Stock based compensation awarded to directors, officers and employees are at the end of each year following the date of grant. When stock options
are exercised the Company issues new shares after receipt of exercise proceeds and taxes due, if any, from the grantee. 

The Company utilizes the Black-Scholes valuation
model for estimating fair value of stock compensation for options awarded to officers and employees. Each grant is evaluated based upon
assumptions at the time of grant. The assumptions were dividend yield, expected volatility between and , risk-free interest
rate of to and expected life of 3.0 to 7.0 years. 

The dividend yield of zero is based on the
fact that the Company does not pay cash dividends and has no present intention to pay cash dividends. Expected volatility is estimated
based on the Company s historical experience over a period equivalent to the expected life in years. The risk-free interest rate
is based on the U.S. Treasury constant maturity interest rate at the date of grant with a term consistent with the expected life of the
options granted. The expected life calculation is based on the observed and expected time to exercise options by the employees. 

In January 2022, shares of restricted
stock were granted to employees that will vest over the next four years. In January 2022, shares of restricted stock were granted
to employees as part of a long-term incentive plan that will vest over the next five years. In January 2021, shares of restricted
stock were granted to employees that will vest over the next four years. In January 2021, shares of restricted stock were granted
to employees as part of a long-term incentive plan that will vest over the next five years. In March 2020, shares of restricted
stock were granted to employees as part of a long-term incentive plan that will vest over the next five years. The number of common shares
available for future issuance was at December 31, 2022. In January 2022, January 2021 and March 2020, , and shares
of stock, respectively, were granted to employees rather than stock options as in prior years. 

Restricted stock awards 

Employee stock grant 

Annual director stock award 

Stock compensation 

5.8 

Exercised 
 
 () 

() 
 
 Outstanding at 

December 31, 2020 

5.3 

Exercised 
 
 () 

() 
 
 Outstanding at 

December 31, 2021 

4.8 

Exercised 
 
 () 

() 
 
 Outstanding at 

December 31, 2022 

4.4 

Exercisable at 

December 31, 2022 

4.3 

Vested during 

twelve months ended 

December 31, 2022 

5.9 
 Years 

Exercisable: 

29.96 - 35.95 

1.9 

35.96 - 43.15 

4.0 

43.16 - 45.97 

5.4 

4.3 
 Years 
 
 Total 

4.4 
 Years 

The aggregate intrinsic value of exercisable
in-the-money options was and the aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding in-the-money options was based on the
market closing price of on December 30, 2022 less exercise prices. 

The unrecognized compensation cost of options
granted to FRP employees but not yet vested as of December 31, 2022 was , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average
period of .9 years. 

Gains of were realized by option
holders during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Weighted 
 
 Weighted 
 
 Weighted 

Number 
 
 Average 
 
 Average 
 
 Average 

Of 
 
 Exercise 
 
 Remaining 
 
 Grant Date 
 
 Restricted stock 
 
 Shares 
 
 Price 
 
 Term (yrs) 
 
 Fair Value(000's) 

Non-vested at January 1, 2020 

Performance-based awards granted 

Non-vested at December 31, 2020 

3.4 

Time-based awards granted 

Performance-based awards granted 

Vested 

() 

() 
 
 Non-vested at December 31, 2021 

3.1 

Time-based awards granted 

Performance-based awards granted 

Vested 

() 

() 
 
 Forfeited 

() 

() 
 
 Non-vested at December 31, 2022 

3.0 

Total unrecognized compensation cost of
restricted stock granted but not yet vested as of December 31, 2022 was which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average
period of 3.1 years . 

Comprehensive income 

() 

() 

() 

Total tax expense 

() 
 
 State 

() 

() 
 
 Current income tax expense 

() 

() 
 
 Deferred 

Total 

The deferred taxes are primarily related
to the bonus depreciation on property placed in service. Taxes in 2020 were favorably impacted by due to a carryback of our
2020 tax net operating loss to fiscal 2016 when the federal 

tax rate was . 

As of December 31, 2022 the company has
deferred taxes of approximately million associated with million of gains on sales reinvested through Opportunity Zone investments.
 . 

State income taxes (net of Federal 
 income tax benefit) 

() 

Carryback of net operating loss 

() 
 
 Other, net 

() 

() 
 
 Provision for income taxes 

In this reconciliation, the category Other,
net consists of permanent tax differences related to non-deductible expenses, special tax rates and tax credits, interest paid
and penalties, and adjustments to prior year estimates. 

Investment in opportunity zone 

Depletion 

Unrealized rents 

Prepaid expenses 

Gross deferred tax liabilities 

Deferred tax assets: 

Federal tax loss carryforwards 

State tax loss carryforwards 

Employee benefits and other 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Net deferred tax liability 

Federal NOL Carryovers 

The Company has unrecognized tax benefits. 

FRP tax returns in the U.S. and various
states that include the Company are subject to audit by taxing authorities. As of December 31, 2022, the earliest tax year that remains
open for audit is 2017. Our effective income tax expense may vary, possibly materially, due to projected effective state tax rates. 

 (with certain limits) of the
participant s contribution. Additionally, the Company may make an annual discretionary contribution to the plan as determined by
the Board of Directors, with certain limitations. The plan provides for deferred vesting with benefits payable upon retirement or earlier
termination of employment. The Company s cost was in 2022 and in 2021. 

The Company has a deferred compensation
plan, the Management Security Plan (MSP) for our President. The accruals for future benefits are based upon actuarial assumptions. Life
insurance on his life has been purchased to partially fund this benefit and the Company is the owner and beneficiary of that policy. The
expense for 2022 and 2021, was and , respectively. The accrued benefit under this plan as of December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021 was and , respectively. 

reportable segments, Asset Management, Mining Royalty Lands, Development and Stabilized Joint Venture, as described below. 

The Asset Management Segment owns, leases and manages
in-service commercial properties wholly owned by the Company. Currently this includes warehouses in two business parks, an office
building partially occupied by the Company, and ground leases. 

Our Mining Royalty Lands segment owns several properties
comprising approximately acres currently under lease for mining rents or royalties (this does not include the acres owned
in our Brooksville joint venture with Vulcan Materials). Other than one location in Virginia, all of these properties are located
in Florida and Georgia. 

Through our Development segment, we own
and are continuously assessing for their highest and best use for several parcels of land that are in various stages of development. Our
overall strategy in this segment is to convert all of our non-income producing lands into income production through (i) an orderly process
of constructing new buildings for us to own and operate or (ii) a sale to, or joint venture with, third parties. Additionally, our Development
segment will form joint ventures on new developments of land not previously owned by the Company. 

The Stabilized Joint Venture segment includes
joint ventures which own, lease and manage buildings that have met our initial lease-up criteria. Two of our joint ventures in the segment,
Riverfront Investment Partners I, LLC Dock 79 and Riverfront Investment Partners II, LLC The Maren are
consolidated. The Maren was consolidated effective March 31, 2021 and prior periods are still reflected under the equity method. The ownership
of Dock 79 and The Maren (commencing March, 2021) attributable to our partner MidAtlantic Realty Partners, LLC (MRP) is reflected on our
consolidated balance sheet as a noncontrolling interest. Such noncontrolling interests are reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets
within equity but separately from shareholders' equity. On the Consolidated Statements of Income, all of the revenues and expenses from
Dock 79 are reported in net income, including both the amounts attributable to the Company and the noncontrolling interest. The Maren
is reflected in Equity in loss of joint ventures on the Consolidated Statements of Income for the periods up to March 31, 2021 but is
reflected like Dock 79 for periods commencing April 1, 2021. The amounts of consolidated net income attributable to the noncontrolling
interest is clearly identified on the 

accompanying Consolidated Statements of
Income. 

Revenues 
 Mining royalty lands 

Revenues 
 Development 

Revenues 
 Stabilized Joint Venture 

Revenues 

Operating profit: 

Before corporate expenses: 

Operating profit before corporate expenses 
 Asset management 

Operating profit before corporate expenses 
 Mining royalty lands 

Operating profit before corporate expenses 
 Development 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Operating profit before corporate expenses 
 Stabilized Joint Venture 

() 

Operating profit before corporate expenses 
 Operating profit before corporate expenses 

Corporate expenses: 

Corporate expenses 
 Allocated to asset management 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Corporate expenses 
 Allocated to mining royalty lands 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Corporate expenses 
 Allocated to Development 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Corporate expenses 
 Allocated to Stabilized Joint Venture 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Corporate expenses 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Operating profit 

Interest expense 
 Interest expense 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization: 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 
 Asset management 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 
 Mining royalty lands 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 
 Development 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 
 Stabilized Joint Venture 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 

Capital expenditures: 

Capital expenditures 
 Asset management 

Capital expenditures 
 Mining royalty lands 

Capital expenditures 
 Development 

Capital expenditures 
 Stabilized Joint Venture 

Capital expenditures 

Assets 
 Mining royalty lands 

Assets 
 Development 

Assets 
 Stabilized Joint Venture 

Investments available for sale 
 Investments available for sale at fair value 

Cash 
 Cash items 

Assets 
 Unallocated corporate assets 

Assets 

maturing in late 2023. The unrealized loss on these investments of was recorded as part
of comprehensive income and was based on the estimated market value by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (Level 1). 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying
amount reported in the consolidated balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents including U.S. Treasury notes was adjusted to fair value
as described above. 

The fair values of the Company s other
mortgage notes payable were estimated based on current rates available to the Company for debt of the same remaining maturities. At December
31, 2022, the carrying amount and fair value of such other long-term debt was and , respectively. At December
31, 2021, the carrying amount and fair value of such other long-term debt was and , respectively. 

outstanding under letters of credit. The letters of credit were issued to guarantee certain obligations to state agencies related to real
estate development. 

The Company and MRP guaranteed million of the
construction loan on the Bryant Street Partnerships in exchange for a lower interest rate. The Company and MRP have a side agreement
limiting the Company s guarantee to its proportionate ownership. The value of the guarantee was calculated at million based
on the present value of the interest savings over the anticipated -month term. This amount is included as part of the Company s
investment basis and is amortized to expense over the months. The Company will evaluate the guarantee liability based upon the success
of the project and assuming no payments are made under the guarantee the Company will have a gain for million when the loan is paid
in full. Borrower may prepay a portion of the unpaid principal to satisfy such tests. 

. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had additional
financing commitments to our residential development lending ventures totaling million of which million is budgeted for
in 2023. 

tenants currently leasing mining locations and one lessee that accounted for of the Company s consolidated revenues during 2022
and of accounts receivable at December 31, 2022. The termination of these lessees underlying leases could have a material
adverse effect on the Company. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents with Wells Fargo Bank and First Horizon Bank. At
times, such amounts may exceed FDIC limits. 

 of which was attributed to noncontrolling interest. 

Provision for income taxes in the fourth quarter of
2020 was favorably impacted by due to a carryback of our 2020 tax net operating loss to fiscal 2016 when the federal tax rate
was . 

Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 
 
 Acquired intangible assets, net 

Amortization expense for in-place leases
was and for 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in the Depreciation, depletion and amortization line in the
Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

ownership interest in tenancy-in-common (TIC) of Dock 79 and The Maren for million to a new partner Steuart Investment Company
(SIC). Net of the mortgage assumption of million and the Company s share of transfer taxes and other transactions costs
of million the net contribution was million . Of this amount million was distributed to MRP and million to the
Company. A reallocation of partners interest of million was recorded to Capital in excess of par value for the
difference between the million consideration received by the company and the net book value of the Company s share of
assets sold. Deferred income tax expense of million was recorded to Capital in excess of par value on the Company s
reallocation. The Company continues to consolidate both properties because of continued control over major decisions for both
properties. 

75 

Report of Management 

Management's Responsibility for the Financial
Statements 

Management of the Company is responsible
for the preparation and integrity of the consolidated financial statements appearing in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. The financial
statements were prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States appropriate in the circumstances
and, accordingly, include certain amounts based on our best judgments and estimates. Financial information in this Annual Report on Form
10-K is consistent with that in the financial statements. 

Management of the Company is responsible
for establishing and maintaining a system of internal controls and procedures to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. Our internal control system is supported by a program
of internal audits and appropriate reviews by management, written policies and guidelines, careful selection and training of qualified
personnel, and a written Code of Business Conduct adopted by our Company's Board of Directors, applicable to all officers and employees
of our Company and subsidiaries. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements and, even when determined to be effective, can only provide reasonable
assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management's Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

Management of the Company is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ). Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based on
this assessment, management believes that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2022. 

The Company's independent auditors, Hancock
Askew Co., LLP, a registered public accounting firm, are appointed by the Audit Committee of the Company's Board of Directors, subject
to ratification by our Company's shareholders. Hancock Askew Co., LLP has audited and reported on the consolidated financial statements
of FRP Holdings, Inc. The report of the independent auditors is contained in this annual report. 

Audit Committee's Responsibility 

The Audit Committee of our Company's Board
of Directors, composed solely of Directors who are independent in accordance with the requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market listing
standards, the Exchange Act, and the Company's Corporate Governance Guidelines, meets with the independent auditors, management and internal
auditors periodically to discuss internal controls and auditing and financial reporting matters. The Audit Committee reviews with the
independent auditors the scope and results of the audit effort. The Audit Committee also meets periodically with the independent auditors
and the chief internal auditor without management present to ensure that the independent auditors and the chief internal auditor have
free access to the Audit Committee. Our Audit Committee's Report can be found in the Company's 2021 Proxy Statement. 

76 

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

 The Shareholders and Board of Directors FRP
Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of FRP Holdings, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated
statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year
period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial
statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years
in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involve
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate
opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Real Estate Investment Accounting Assessment 

Description of Matter 

At December 31, 2022, the Company s investments
in real estate were 518 million including unconsolidated real estate ventures of 141 million. As explained in Note 1 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company enters into real estate investments and performs an assessment as to which method of accounting is appropriate,
whether the proper accounting is to 

77 

determine whether to use the cost or equity method
to account for an investment or whether to consolidate such investment. Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements provides a detail
of unconsolidated real estate investments. 

Application and auditing of the accounting treatment
of the Company s real estate investments, including the process of evaluating the use of the cost or equity method of accounting
or the evaluation of criteria for consolidation based on the variable interest entity (VIE) model or a voting interest entity (VOE) model,
is complex and requires significant judgment. This evaluation and analysis include the determination of which party, if any, has power
to direct the activities most significant to the economic performance of each real estate venture and whether the venture has sufficient
equity to finance its activities without additional subordinated support. Factors considered by management in determining whether the
Company has the power to direct the activities include voting rights, involvement in day-to-day capital allocation and operating decisions
and the extent of the Company s involvement in the entity. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design
and tested the operating effectiveness of relevant controls over the Company s qualitative analysis that determines whether the
Company has control over the venture, through influence, voting interest or through the presence of a variable interest in a real estate
venture that would require consolidation. 

For all investments in real estate ventures, our
procedures include reading the operating agreements and other relevant documents and evaluating the structure and terms of the agreements
and reviewing management s evaluation of control over the entity and the applicability of the variable interest model as compared
to the voting interest model. We evaluate management s determination of whether the investee has sufficient equity to finance its
activities without additional subordinated financial support and whether the equity holders lack the characteristics of a controlling
financial interest. We consider management s determination on whether the Company is the primary beneficiary or has a controlling
financial interest that should be considered. We take into consideration evidence obtained in other areas of the audit, such as review
of board minutes and status of the projects development to determine if any reconsideration of the findings is necessary. 

Hancock Askew Co., LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2006. 

Jacksonville, Florida 

 March 22, 2023 

78 

DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS 

Directors 

 John D. Baker II (1) 

 Chief Executive Officer of the Company 

Charles E. Commander III (2)(3) 

 Retired Partner 

 Foley Lardner 

John S. Surface (2)(3)(4) 

 Chief Executive Officer of Covis Services 

Martin E. Stein, Jr. (3)(4) 

 Executive Chairman of Regency Centers Corporation 

Nicole B. Thomas (2)(3)(4) 

 President of Baptist Medical Center Jacksonville 

William H. Walton (2)(3)(4) 

 Co-Founder and Managing Member of Rockpoint
Group, LLC 

Margaret Wetherbee 

 Attorney 

_______________ 

 (1) Member of the Executive Committee 

 (2) Member of the Audit Committee 

 (3) Member of the Compensation Committee 

 (4) Member of the Nominating Committee 

Officers 

 John D. Baker II 

 Chief Executive Officer 

David H. deVilliers, Jr. 

 President Chief Operating Officer 

David H. deVilliers III 

 Executive Vice President 

John D. Baker III 

 Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 

John D. Milton, Jr. 

 Executive Vice President, Secretary 
General Counsel 

John D. Klopfenstein 

 Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 

79 

FRP Holdings, Inc. 

 200 West Forsyth Street, 7th Floor 

 Jacksonville, Florida, 32202 

 Telephone: (904) 396-5733 

Annual Meeting 

 Shareholders are cordially invited to
attend the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders on Wednesday, May 10, 2023 at 11:00 a.m., Eastern Daylight Time. This year s
meeting will be held virtually. To participate in the annual meeting, go to www.frpdev.com, click the Investors tab, and then click
the link titled 2023 Annual Shareholders Meeting . 

Transfer Agent 

 American Stock Transfer Trust Company 

 59 Maiden Lane 

 Plaza Level 

 New York, NY 10038 

 Telephone: 1-800-937-5449 

General Counsel 

 Nelson Mullins Riley Scarborough LLP 

 Jacksonville, Florida 

Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

Hancock Askew Co., LLP 

 Jacksonville, Florida 

Common Stock Listed 

The Nasdaq Stock Market 

 (Symbol: FRPH) 

Form 10-K 

Shareholders may receive, without charge,
a copy of FRP Holdings, Inc. s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission by writing to the Treasurer at 200 West Forsyth Street, 7th Floor, Jacksonville, Florida 32202. The most recent certifications
by our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 are filed as exhibits to our Form 10-K. 

Company Website 

The Company s website may be accessed
at www.frpdev.com . All of our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission can be accessed through our website promptly
after filing. This includes annual reports on Form 10-K, proxy statements, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports filed or furnished
on Form 8-K and all related amendments. 

80 

<EX-101.SCH>
 2
 frph-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 4
 frph-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 5
 frph-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 6
 frph-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-21>
 8
 frphex21.htm
 FRPH SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 FRP Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 

Name of Subsidiary 
 State of Formation 
 Type of Entity 
 of Ownership 

Florida Rock Properties, Inc. 
 Florida 
 Corporation 
 100 
 
 FRP Hollander 95 LLC 
 Maryland 
 Limited Liability Company 
 100 

FRP Development Corp. 
 Maryland 
 Corporation 
 100 
 
 FRP Cranberry Run LLC 
 Maryland 
 Limited Liability Company 
 100 
 
 FRP Bird River LLC 
 Maryland 
 Limited Liability Company 
 100 
 
 34 Loveton Center LLC 
 Maryland 
 Limited Liability Company 
 100 
 
 FRP Hampstead LLC 
 Maryland 
 Limited Liability Company 
 100 
 
 FRP Mechanics Valley LLC 
 Maryland 
 Limited Liability Company 
 100 

Others: 

1800 Half Street Owner LLC 
 District of Columbia 
 Limited Liability Company 
 61.37 
 
 Lake Louisa LLC 
 Florida 
 Limited Liability Company 

FRP Riverfront I, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Limited Liability Company 
 100 
 
 FRP Riverfront II LLC 
 Delaware 
 Limited Liability Company 
 100 
 
 Riverfront Investment Partners I, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Limited Liability Company 
 66 (1) 
 
 Riverfront Investment Partners Phase II, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Limited Liability Company 
 70.41 (2) 
 
 Riverfront Owners Association 

FRP Bryant Street Phase 1-AC OZ Fund LLC 
 District of Columbia 
 Limited Liability Company 
 100 
 
 FRP Bryant Street Phase 1-B OZ Fund LLC 
 District of Columbia 
 Limited Liability Company 
 100 
 
 FRP Bryant Street Phase 1-D OZ Fund LLC 
 District of Columbia 
 Limited Liability Company 
 100 
 
 FRP Bryant Street Phase 1-E OZ Fund LLC 
 District of Columbia 
 Limited Liability Company 
 100 
 
 FRP 801 Chelsea LLC 
 Maryland 
 Limited Liability Company 
 100 
 
 FRP OZ Fund 2019-A LLC 
 Delaware 
 Limited Liability Company 
 100 
 
 FRP OZ Fund 2019-B LLC 
 Delaware 
 Limited Liability Company 
 100 
 
 FRP OZ Fund 2019-C LLC 
 Delaware 
 Limited Liability Company 
 100 
 
 FRP Estreo Investor LLC 
 Delaware 
 Limited Liability Company 
 100 
 
 Bryant Venture Phaes I-A C, LLC 
 District of Columbia 
 Limited Liability Company 
 61.36 
 
 Bryant Venture Phaes1-B, LLC 
 District of Columbia 
 Limited Liability Company 
 61.36 
 
 Bryant Venture Phaes I-D, LLC 
 District of Columbia 
 Limited Liability Company 
 61.36 
 
 Bryant Venture Phaes I-E, LLC 
 District of Columbia 
 Limited Liability Company 
 61.36 
 
 BC FRP Realty LLC 
 Maryland 
 Limited Liability Company 
 50 
 
 Brooksville Joint Venture 
 Florida 
 Limited Liability Company 
 50 
 
 Woodfield .408 Jackson OZB LLC 
 Delaware 
 Limited Liability Company 
 40 
 
 Woodfield Riverside OZB LLC 
 Delaware 
 Limited Liability Company 
 40 
 
 FRP Old Philadelphia Road LLC 
 Maryland 
 Limited Liability Company 
 100 
 
 Indicates Subsidiary Loan Party 

(1) As part of our new partnership with SIC and MRP, we sold a 20 interest in a tenancy-in-common of Dock 79 where FRP Holdings, Inc. is the majority partner with a 52.8 ownership 
 
 (2 As part of our new partnership with SIC and MRP, we sold a 20 interest in a tenancy-in-common of The Maren where FRP Holdings, Inc. is the majority partner with a 56.3 ownership 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 9
 frphex23.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

FRP Holdings, Inc. 

 Jacksonville, Florida 

We hereby consent to the incorporation
by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333- 125099, 333-131475 and 333-216025) of FRP Holdings, Inc. of our report
dated March 22, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements which appear in the Annual Report to Shareholders incorporated
by reference herein. 

Respectfully submitted, 

 Hancock Askew Co., LLP 

Jacksonville, Florida 

 March 22, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 10
 frphex31a.htm
 CEO CERTIFICATION

CERTIFICATIONS Exhibit 31(a) 

I, John D. Baker II, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of FRP Holdings, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls to be designed under our supervision, ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosures controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal annual that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial report; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on
our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies in the design or operation
of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 22, 2023 
 
 /s/John D. Baker II 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 11
 frphex31b.htm
 CFO CERTIFICATION

CERTIFICATIONS Exhibit 31(b) 

I, John D. Baker III, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of FRP Holdings, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
caused such disclosure controls to be designed under our supervision, ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report
is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosures controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal annual that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial report; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our
most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies in the design or operation
of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 22, 2023 
 
 /s/John D. Baker III 

Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 12
 frphex31c.htm
 CAO CERTIFICATION

CERTIFICATIONS Exhibit 31(c) 

I, John D. Klopfenstein, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of FRP Holdings, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
caused such disclosure controls to be designed under our supervision, ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report
is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosures controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal annual that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial report; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our
most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies in the design or operation
of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 22, 2023 
 
 /s/John D. Klopfenstein 

Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 13
 frphex32.htm
 CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, each of the undersigned certifies that this periodic report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in this periodic report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of FRP Holdings, Inc. 

FRP Holdings, Inc. 

Date: March 22, 2023 
 
 By 
 JOHN D. BAKER II 

John D. Baker II 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By 
 JOHN D. BAKER III 

John D. Baker III. 

Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

By 
 JOHN D. KLOPFENSTEIN 

John D. Klopfenstein 

Controller and Chief Accounting 

Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to FRP Holdings, Inc. and will be retained by FRP Holdings, Inc. and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The foregoing certification accompanies the
issuer s Annual Report on Form 10-K and is not filed as provided in SEC Release Nos. 33-8212, 34-4751 and IC-25967, dated June 30,
2003. 

</EX-32>

10-K
 14
 frph10k22.pdf
 COMPLIMENTARY PDF

