<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1543637_0001548123-23-000051.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2540259</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>132490</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>564266</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>489321</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>647020</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>656556</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001548123-23-000051.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329172635
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001548123-23-000051
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nu-Med Plus, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001543637
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				453672530
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			UT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54808
		FILM NUMBER:		23776275

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		455 EAST 500 SOUTH, SUITE #203
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84111
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-746-3570

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		455 EAST 500 SOUTH, SUITE #203
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84111

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001548123-23-000051.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 numd-20221231.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

 (Mark One) 

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ________ to __________ 

Commission File Number:	 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of Incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer I.D. No.) 

(Address of principal executive offices (Zip Code) 

Issuer's telephone number, including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes [ ] [X] 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

 Yes [ ] [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. 

 [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was 

1 

required to submit and post such files). 

 [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge,
in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.
[ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer [ ] Accelerated filer [ ] [X] Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has filed a report on and
attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b)
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate
by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously
issued financial statements. [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant
recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes [ ] No [ ] 

State the aggregate market value of the voting and
non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average
bid and asked prices of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal
quarter: At June 30, 2022, the Company s last sale price of its stock was 0.0169 resulting in an aggregate market value of our
common stock held by non-affiliates of . 

Applicable Only to Issuers Involved in Bankruptcy
Proceedings During the Preceding Five Years: 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed all documents and
reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under
a plan confirmed by a court. 

Not applicable. 

Applicable Only to Corporate Issuers: 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the Registrant s
classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date. 

2 

Class Outstanding as of March 29, 2023 Common Stock 

Documents incorporated by reference: None 

3 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 18 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 18 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 18 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 18 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 19 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 23 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 23 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 23 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 24 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 24 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 24 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 26 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 27 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 29 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 30 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 30 
 
 Signatures 
 32 

4 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain statements in this Report constitute forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our
actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such a difference include, among others, uncertainties relating
to general economic and business conditions; industry trends; changes in demand for our products and services; uncertainties relating
to customer plans and commitments and the timing of orders received from customers; announcements or changes in our pricing policies or
that of our competitors; unanticipated delays in the development, market acceptance or installation of our products and services; changes
in government regulations; availability of management and other key personnel; availability, terms and deployment of capital; relationships
with third-party equipment suppliers; and worldwide political stability and economic growth. The words believe, expect, 
 anticipate, intend and plan and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Readers
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date the statement was made. 

Corporate History 

NU-MED PLUS, INC., a Utah corporation NU-MED 
or the Company was incorporated in October 2011 in the state of Utah to develop, manufacture and market new technologies
utilizing nitric oxide in the medical device field, primarily through the creation of a nitric oxide generating compound formulation and
delivery systems. To date we have developed a hospital nitric oxide delivery system, a clinical nitric oxide delivery system, a mobile
rechargeable device to deliver nitric oxide gas, and a nitric oxide system that can be used for research applications. NU-MED is headquartered
in Salt Lake City, Utah. 

EMERGING GROWTH COMPANY STATUS 

As part of the Jumpstart Startups Act of 2012 JOBS
ACT ), companies with less than 1.0 billion in gross revenue can qualify as an emerging growth company. We will qualify
as an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, and, as such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited
to, (i) not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, (ii)
reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic and annual reports, (iii) not being required to comply
with certain new requirements adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, or the PCAOB, and (iv) not being required to obtain
stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We intend to take advantage of the reduced disclosure obligations.
Additionally, we qualify as a Smaller Reporting Company and also have the advantage of not being required to provide the
same level of disclosure as larger companies. Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage
of the extended transition period provided in the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words,
an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private
companies. We have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section
102(b)(2) of the Jobs Act, that allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates
for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements
may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

We could remain an emerging growth company for up
to five years, or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed one billion
dollars, (ii) the date that we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange 

5 

Act, which would occur if the market value of our
common units that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700.0 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second
fiscal quarter, and (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three-year
period. At this time, we expect to remain both a Smaller Reporting Company and Emerging Growth Company for
the foreseeable future. 

Business 

NU-MED was organized as a medical device company principally
engaged in the design, innovation, development, enhancement and commercialization of beginning, early, and selective later-stage quality
medical devices. The mission of NU-MED is to design, develop, and market technologies utilizing nitric oxide in the medical device field.
Our technologies are focused on market niches in high growth trend areas. Our products are developed to target a current need in medical
procedures by improving upon an existing technology or device or by designing a device to serve a currently unfilled need that is clearly
defined and acknowledged by medical professionals. Our focus to date has been on the creation of a nitric oxide generating formulation,
a hospital bedside nitric oxide delivery system, a clinical unit for use in medical clinics and rehabilitation centers and a mobile rechargeable
device to deliver nitric oxide gas to offer solutions to hospitals, health systems and the medical community throughout the world. 

Products 

Development of our products has been suspended until
such time as a capital infusion is received which will enable the funding of further development. The following is a description of the
medical application for the products that have been under development and the status of each of those products: 

Nitric oxide is an extremely important bio-mediator
in the human body that is produced from the amino acid l-arginine. Nitric oxide has anti-inflammatory properties, antibacterial, antiviral
and antifungal properties which make it useful in certain medical treatments. At the present time inhaled nitric oxide (INO is
used as a selective vasodilator in infants. The only FDA approved use of nitric oxide at this time is for the treatment of Hypoxia in
premature infants and newborn babies. Management is not aware of any other potential uses of nitric oxide that have been cleared by the
FDA, but this may change as new submittals are made. The heavy cost of delivering nitric oxide to patients has created limitations in
its use. Discoveries that have been made since the first FDA approved use of nitric oxide in 1999 have led to a number of new potential
uses, which still need FDA approval, in a wide variety of diseases and health complications, including COPD, flu viruses, bacterial infections,
tuberculosis, non-healing wounds, head injuries and much more. NU-MED hopes to take advantage of the expanding medical uses of nitric
oxide by developing a new method to generate nitric oxide that reduces the delivery costs and can be used in a variety of medical and
research settings. Given NU-MED s size, we do not anticipate being involved in any clinical studies on new uses of nitric oxide
and will rely on other parties to continue to advance the uses of nitric oxide. 

NU-MED PLUS has focused on the development of five
distinct products for the delivery of nitric oxide. NU-MED products have not been fully developed; therefore we have not made any submission
for FDA approval under any medical use. 

1. Nitric oxide proprietary formulation. Generates nitric oxide gas on demand,
eliminating the need for 

 compressed gas cylinders. 

2. A hospital delivery device
with controls and safety monitors built in that delivers inhaled nitric oxide to a patient at therapeutic levels. This delivery system
is intended for hospitals specifically intensive care units. The goal is to have a system that delivers a metered therapeutic dose (up
to 40 ppm) of nitric oxide via a ventilator. The core technology allows dilution of nitric oxide to therapeutic levels to be accomplished
without the use of injectors or valves. Safeguards such as concentration monitoring, flow and gas purity would be standard. 

3. A clinical delivery unit that
is designed for treatment in an office or physician s clinic. A unit powered by a wall outlet, administration of the nitric oxide
would be via cannula or non-rebreather face mask. 

6 

4. A compact, mobile/portable
rechargeable device to deliver inhaled nitric oxide gas. The portable system necessitates a design which can be deployed where a reliable
source of power is not available or is difficult to access. The key feature is a rechargeable battery pack that powers the unit for the
full duration of a therapeutic session. It can be recharged using existing electrical sources, a solar array or other alternative energy
source. The unit is designed as a low power but fully functional nitric oxide delivery system for inhalation therapy, that can be used
as a transport device during the movement of a patient or as a delivery device in those remote areas of the world that do not currently
have electrical power readily available. 

5. A disposable unit that will
deliver a therapeutic dose of nitric oxide to a patient and will then be placed into a container to be incinerated. This unit would be
used for the treatment of patients in a pandemic, where a large number of patients must be treated and there is insufficient capacity
to sterilize the unit after use by each patient. The dispensing devices would be isolated and destroyed after use to ensure that another
patient is not exposed to the bacteria or virus carried by the patient originally treated. 

6. A unit that is one of the
world s first nitric oxide dilution systems designed for research. A patent pending technology utilizes pure 100 nitric oxide from
a pressurized tank source and dilutes it with air or other non-reactive diluent gas to provide a 1 to 500 ppm source of high purity nitric
oxide for investigational applications. 

The principal gas we aim to generate through each
of our systems described above is medical grade nitric oxide, along with other various combinations of beneficial medical gases. Non-medical
grade nitric oxide gas is produced and sold commercially by major gas companies as a specialty gas mixture and calibration gas. Nitrogen
dioxide is present in all nitric oxide gas currently produced. Its presence limits the size of the dose of nitric oxide gas that
can be administered for prospective uses in both humans and animals. 

A longer-term goal is to further develop our proprietary
compound formulation option that will be utilized to produce medical grade nitric oxide for use in all delivery units. Management
believes that with the further refinement of our formulation, we can make and filter medical grade nitric oxide gas with minimal amounts
of nitrogen dioxide, and that this process can produce medical grade nitric oxide gas in ample quantities for any current or prospective
use and hopefully at a price less than that of all currently available technologies. For a number of years the only approved and
available medical grade nitric oxide delivery device was a product named Inomax. Since this is a single source market there is no price
competition and price is set at a "market can bear" level. We believe, given this structure, there is ample room for a competitive
response from NU-MED using on site generated nitric oxide at a lower cost to penetrate the market. The cost of materials and labor for
the NU-MED product is anticipated to be low, while still providing attractive margins. Our product must have a known shelf life and
be available in various configurations to yield known concentrations and volumes of gas. Packaging is a critical developmental process
that we will address after completion of our formulation. 

We approximate that the sale of our research unit
for non-clinical laboratory work could take place earlier than FDA approval. Management anticipates that selling our units earlier into
the market as laboratory equipment or to international groups will pave the way for sales of our medical delivery devices, but any financial
contributions from intellectual property licenses and sales and other non-medical sales will not be adequate to fund the substantial costs
of the FDA approval process for human medical uses. Even with sales to laboratories or other uses, we will require additional funding,
which we currently do not have in place and have no assurance that we will be able to obtain, or to obtain at acceptable rates. 

All human medical uses of nitric oxide gas require
FDA approval prior to initiating sales in the United States and the approval of similar international agencies in their respective countries.
 Approval can be a long and expensive process, with no assurance that any such approval can or will be obtained. Our products from
the compound formulation for nitric oxide to our delivery machines will have to be approved by the FDA prior to any sales for human use.
Although the FDA can approve uses for nitric oxide and such uses can be expanded, our products, both the formulations and
equipment, would also have to be approved to be used in association with the treatment using nitric oxide. Accordingly, although the use
of nitric oxide 

7 

for the treatment of hypoxia in newborns is
approved by the FDA, we still would need to have our dispensing unit and compound approved by the FDA for such treatment. In order
for our dispensing unit to be used we would not have to prove the efficacy of the treatment but only that our product and compounds
are substantially equivalent to those already approved by the FDA. Even this level of approval requires time, carries
substantial costs, and creates additional uncertainty as to our ability to bring a product to the marketplace. We currently do not
have the funds to seek such an approval. We are currently working to secure funding that will enable us to submit the hospital unit
for FDA approval. 

Current Product Development Status 

Following is a discussion of the development state
of each of the products. However, no further development work is planned until such time as adequate funding is in place to assure the
products can be finalized, tested and made ready for submission of approval to the FDA. 

Hospital NO Unit . Our team has created an initial
prototype and is nearing completion of the first production unit for use as a hospital nitric oxide gas delivery system. The device delivers
a continuous intra-breath concentration of therapeutic NO to patients who are on a ventilator in a hospital setting. We are performing
internal testing on the accuracy of the machine and dosage prior to moving forward with any animal or human tests. With any medical product,
it will take a period of refinement and testing before the product is ready for market. 

Clinical Delivery System. The clinical system
is a simplified version of the hospital unit. While it can be used in a hospital setting it was designed to be operated and used in a
less medically intensive environment, such as a doctor s office or physician s clinic and does not incorporate the alarms
needed in an intensive care setting. It is a smaller and more portable unit, lending itself to clinical use on an as needed basis, rather
than full-time use for which the hospital unit is designed. Administration is via nasal cannula or non-rebreather face mask. Similar to
a dialysis center concept, patients would be treated with nitric oxide in a clinical setting on an as needed basis. 

Portable Delivery System . Nu-Med has also
developed a prototype lightweight Portable NO Delivery System that can be worn comfortably by patients outside of the hospital
setting for under served chronic therapies, and for applications within the United States and in developing nations. This product
has the capability to deliver high purity NO to the patient at prescribed intervals for 24 hours per day at controlled doses by
means of a nasal cannula or a face mask. As with our hospital unit, we are in the preliminary testing phase and do not anticipate
any commercialization in the near future. 

Reagent Delivery. During development of the
Nu-Med line of medical nitric oxide delivery systems it was discovered that a system could be built that would provide the research community
with a variable concentration source of nitric oxide for conducting research and experiments. A preliminary system has been built that
can provide a wide range of concentrations and flow rates of NO. This was reduced to practice and a delivery system is now available
for research use. 

Future Product Development. Utilizing our core
technology, our newest product to be investigated is a one-time Single Treatment Disposable unit which will give rapid access to short
term NO treatment. The entire unit is disposed of after treatment and is unique in the marketplace, with no competitive product available.
We also are investigating a Wound Healing System which may reduce the surgical loss of a partial or full foot for diabetics by healing
diabetic wounds and sores caused by their disease. 

Existing Clinical Applications of Inhaled Nitric Oxide and Potential
Markets 

Nitric oxide can be safely inhaled, utilizing our
delivery device, thru a ventilator, face mask, by nasal cannula, or via an endotracheal tube. An ideal inhaled NO delivery device requires
delivery synchronized with respiration and minimal production of NO 2 and should be simple to use with full monitoring capacity
(high and low alarms and precise monitoring of NO, NO 2 , and O 2 ). Our delivery devices were designed with all of
these requirements in mind. As a result, we believe it will be the best and most efficient delivery system available when it is commercialized. 

8 

Since the inception of the only FDA approved treatment
of hypoxia in newborns with nitric oxide (INOMAX from Ikaria Holdings) initial research has shown approximately 394,000 patients have
been treated worldwide over a ten-year period. Management believes the cost of a typical nitric oxide delivery system is approximately
 30,000 each. Market expansion in the US will occur based on FDA approval for other medical uses of nitric oxide therapies. 

Competition 

Large companies with established brand names have
a distinct advantage in the medical device arena. The cost of developing a device, followed by the costs of testing and licensing, favor
larger, well financed and established companies. It will be difficult for NU-MED to compete in this industry and we will be required to
focus on the niche products if we hope to be able to compete. The number of companies that have a product or products involving nitric
oxide and free radicals is quite large and difficult to determine precisely as this is not the focus of these companies. 

In addition to companies that may be working on similar
solutions in the nitric oxide space but have not been public in any product offerings, NU-MED considers the following companies as direct
competitors in the nitric oxide market space which they anticipate to enter. This does not preclude that additional large pharmaceutical
or medical supply companies will enter the critical care market with substantially similar products or systems. 

Mallinckrodt Inc. acquired the company which, at that
time, had the only FDA approved nitric oxide (INOMAX) delivery system for use in medical facilities. The FDA approval is limited to the
treatment of persistent pulmonary hypertension in newborns (PPHN). Mallinckrodt Inc. has submitted several other specific medical uses
of nitric oxide to the FDA for approval. The INOMAX system consists of a pressurized tank source of nitric oxide gas and a delivery and
monitoring system and is intended for non-portable hospital use. 

GeNO LLC is a technology company focused on their
GeNOsyl Nitrosyl system of nitric oxide generation and delivery. This is a unique patented system based on the conversion of nitrogen
dioxide/dinitrogen tetroxide to pure nitric oxide. Several delivery platforms have been submitted for FDA approval. The FDA has approved
the GeNOsyl Advanced Delivery System (ADS) for use with neonates. 

Beyond Air (formerly AIT Therapeutics) (AITB) is a
company that has acquired a technology that produces nitric oxide from electrical discharge through air. They are currently in clinical
trials testing the product for use in the treatment of cystic fibrosis and chronic obstructive pulmonary distress. 

Many of our competitors, either alone or with their
strategic partners, may have substantially greater financial, technical and human resources than we do and significantly greater experience
in the discovery and development of product candidates, obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals of products, and the commercialization
of those products. Accordingly, our competitors may be more successful than we may be in obtaining approval for therapies or delivery
hardware and achieving widespread market acceptance. We anticipate that we will face intense and increasing competition as new drugs and
advanced technologies become available. 

Employees 

The Company currently has two employees and relies
on its officers and consultants for most of its activities. 

Regulations 

Our proposed products would use nitric oxide gas for
use in medical treatment. Accordingly, our products will require prior FDA Class II approval. We have not submitted our products for approval
and it is expected to take many years and may not be obtained, even after expending substantial resources in such efforts. Various laws
and regulations govern or influence the research and development, manufacturing, safety, labeling, storage, record keeping and marketing
of our products. The 

9 

lengthy process of seeking these approvals and
the subsequent compliance with applicable laws and regulations require the expenditure of substantial resources. Any failure by us
to obtain or maintain, or any delay in obtaining or maintaining, regulatory approvals could materially adversely affect our
business. Our policy will be to conduct our research and development activities in compliance with current FDA guidelines and with
comparable guidelines in other countries where we may be conducting clinical trials or other developmental activities. 

The following is a brief summary of applicable governmental
regulations to which we may be subject in our planned business operations related to the use of our products in the medical field. It
should be noted that the application for FDA regulatory approval of our devices is a long and costly pathway. As we do not currently have
the capital to engage in any regulatory approval, for the foreseeable future we will be focused on the development of our technology and
additional patent applications. 

Clinical testing, manufacturing and marketing of human
pharmaceutical products require prior approval from the FDA and comparable agencies in foreign countries. The FDA has established mandatory
procedures and safety and efficacy standards that apply to the testing, manufacture and marketing of such products in the United States.
In the United States, these procedures include pre-clinical studies, the filing of an Investigational New Drug Application ("IND")
or equivalent, human clinical trials and approval of a New Drug Application ("NDA"). The results of pre-clinical testing, which
include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry and animal studies to assess the potential safety and efficacy of the product and its
formulations, must be submitted to the FDA as part of an IND that must be reviewed before clinical testing can begin. 

The results of the preclinical and clinical testing
are then submitted to the FDA in the form of an NDA for approval to commence commercial sales. The FDA may, in responding to an NDA, grant
marketing approval, request additional information or deny the approval if it determines that the NDA does not provide an adequate basis
for approval. Among the conditions for an NDA approval is the requirement that the prospective manufacturer's quality control and manufacturing
procedures conform on an ongoing basis with current Good Manufacturing Practices ("GMP"). In complying with GMP, we must continue
to expend time, money and effort in the areas of production and quality control to ensure full compliance or engage the services of outside
contractors who are well versed in compliance with these requirements. Following approval of the NDA, we are subject to periodic inspections
by the FDA. Any determination by the FDA of manufacturing deficiencies could materially adversely affect our business. 

European countries generally follow the same procedures.
The European Union has established a unified filing system administered by the Committee for Proprietary Medicinal Products ("CPMP")
designed to reduce the administrative burden of processing applications for pharmaceutical products derived from new technologies. Following
CPMP review and approval, marketing applications are submitted to member countries for final approval and pricing approval, as appropriate.
In addition to obtaining regulatory approval of products, it is generally necessary to obtain regulatory approval of the facility in which
the product will be manufactured. The approval process for medical devices in Europe is similar but is administered by private certification
organizations known as Notified Bodies, which are accredited by each member state of the European Union. The receipt of regulatory approvals
often takes several years, involves the expenditure of substantial resources and depends on a number of factors, including the severity
of the disease in question, the availability of alternative treatments and the risks and benefits demonstrated in clinical trials. On
occasion, regulatory authorities may require larger or additional studies, leading to unanticipated delay or expense. There can be no
assurance that any approval will be granted and, even if granted, such approval may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory standards
is not maintained. In addition, the regulatory approval processes for products in the U.S., European countries and other countries around
the world are undergoing or may undergo changes, and we cannot predict what effect any changes in the regulatory approval process may
have on our business. 

Clinical testing of an unapproved significant-risk
medical device requires FDA approval in the form of an Investigational Device Exemption (IDE). The IDE application provides information
to the FDA on device design and qualification, as well as on the study protocol. The FDA is mandated to respond to the IDE application
within 30 days. An IDE may also be 

10 

required for studies in which an approved device
is used for a purpose distinct from its approved indication. This is typically the case when a trial is sponsored by a company for
the purpose of expanding the indication of a device or making significant changes in the instructions for use. 

Medical devices are regulated in the United States
by the Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH) of the FDA. The FDA/CDRH mandate is to promote and protect the public health
by making safe and effective medical devices available in a timely manner. The standard for demonstrating safety and effectiveness is
determined in part by the risk associated with the device in question. Devices are classified according to their perceived risk using
a 3-tiered system (Class I, II, or III). 

Class I devices (lowest risk) are subject to general
controls, which are published standards pertaining to labeling, manufacturing, post-market surveillance, and reporting. Devices are placed
into Class I when there is reasonable assurance that general controls alone are adequate to assure safety and effectiveness. The general
controls that typically apply to Class I devices include prohibitions against adulteration and misbranding, requirements for establishing
registration and device listing, adverse event reporting, and good manufacturing practices. Furthermore, remedies including seizure, injunction,
criminal prosecution, civil penalties, and recall authority are provided to the FDA. Formal FDA review is not required for most Class
I devices before their market introduction. 

Class II devices are those higher-risk devices for
which general controls alone have been found to be insufficient to provide reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness, but for which
there is adequate information available to establish special controls. Special controls may include performance standards, design controls,
and post-market surveillance programs. In addition, most Class II devices require FDA clearance of a premarket notification application
(PMA or 510(k)) before the device may be marketed. In the 510(k) applications, the medical device manufacturer must provide data to demonstrate
that the new device is substantially equivalent to a legally marketed device. Although substantial equivalence can usually
be demonstrated on the basis of bench and animal testing alone, approximately 10 of 510(k) applications include clinical data. 

Class III devices, such as heart valves, pacemakers/implantable
cardioverter-defibrillators, and coronary stents, are judged to pose the highest potential risk. These devices are either life-sustaining/supporting,
of substantial importance in preventing impairment of human health, or present a high risk of illness or injury. Consequently, general
and special controls alone are inadequate to provide reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness. Most Class III devices require
FDA approval of a PMA before they can be legally marketed. Approval of the PMA generally requires clinical data demonstrating reasonable
assurance that the device is safe and effective in the target population. 

The Human Device Exemption (HDE) is a new pathway
to allow for commercialization of Class III devices designed to address small markets, i.e., diseases or conditions that affect fewer
than 4,000 patients in the United States each year. Approval of an HDE requires demonstration that the device is safe and the probable
benefits outweigh the probable risks. Although the process may require smaller clinical trials, an HDE device must continue to operate
under local IRB approval at each participating institution and must continue to collect case report forms akin to an ongoing clinical
trial. The PMA process typically involves a series of studies starting with first clinical use and culminating in a multicenter, prospective
randomized control trial (pivotal trial). The complexity and extent of the clinical testing program is dictated by the nature of the device
and its proposed use. The clinical study program is developed by the company in conjunction with clinician investigators, all in close
collaboration with the FDA/CDRH. 

The first and arguably most important step in this
process is the pre-IDE meeting, in which the company, often accompanied by the lead clinical investigator(s), meets with the FDA/CDRH
to present data about the device, its clinical development program, and its intended use after approval. The FDA/CDRH staff reviews existing
bench and animal data (as well as any outside-the-United States clinical data) and makes informal, non-binding suggestions regarding the
need (if any) for additional pre-clinical data (bench and animal), as well as the study design. The sponsor then submits an IDE application
to the FDA/CDRH for formal review. 

11 

Clinical development of a new Class III device is
typically divided into pilot and pivotal trial phases. The purpose of the pilot phase (starting with first clinical use) is to establish
safety and to assist in design of the pivotal trial. Pilot-phase testing is typically limited to fewer than 100 patients treated at a
few centers. The purpose of the pivotal trial is to generate data that define patient populations in which use of the device is safe and
effective. The dialogue initiated during the pre-IDE meeting continues and intensifies between the FDA/CDRH and the company over the specifics
of the pivotal trial and includes the patient population, the control group against which the new device will be evaluated, and the primary
and secondary end points of the evaluation. For first-in-class devices, e.g. drug-eluting stents, where there are few data regarding short-
or long-term outcomes, the FDA/CDRH requires prospective randomized controlled studies. High profile devices that require randomized data
for approval are the exception rather than the rule. The vast majority of device clinical trials are case series that carefully document
product performance. Still more products are approved as tools. 

When the FDA/CDRH has substantial data on the device
class metrics, comparisons may be made to historical data or objective performance criteria. When few data on existing standards are available,
the FDA typically requires randomized rather than single-arm studies, in which the new device is compared against concurrent controls
treated with current best medical practice. The comparison may be powered to show that the new treatment is superior to prior approaches,
or that it is non-inferior (equivalent or better) compared with a previously approved device in a new area. 

The specifics regarding study design may have profound
impact on the time and cost of bringing a new device to market. Though the primary mission of the FDA/CDRH is to ensure safety and effectiveness
of commercially available devices, when exerting regulatory oversight, the agency must balance its primary mission with the costs of introducing
new technologies to the clinical marketplace. This has been codified by the FDA Modernization Act and the FDA Modernization Act-II, which
require the agency to pursue the least burdensome means available to establish device safety and efficacy. The trial must
be conducted according to good clinical practices standards, with the approval of the local IRB at each participating center. 

Every clinical site is federally mandated to have
an IRB responsible to ensure the protection of the rights, safety, and welfare of research subjects. Regulation of the IRB review of protocols
involving medical devices is under the purview of the FDA. The Office of Protection from Research Risks (OPRR) is responsible for oversight
regarding all human research and is in direct communication with the FDA/CDRH. Studies involving human subjects that do not involve products
regulated by the FDA, fall under the direct purview of the OPRR. Both the FDA and the OPRR are in the Department of Health and Human Services.
Each IRB must meet standards for the composition, leadership, and processes set forth by that department. IRBs are subject to periodic
audits by the FDA to ensure that records and procedures are in compliance with regulations. The IRB process typically requires approximately
three months, but at times can take considerably longer. 

The company must also negotiate agreements with each
clinical site addressing the many issues associated with the clinical trial. In addition to the study costs/reimbursement (per-patient
enrolled and overhead), these agreements typically include indemnification and the assignment of ownership rights of new discoveries (intellectual
property) made in the course of the study. The resources required at each center to perform the high-quality research necessary for a
PMA protocol are formidable. Pivotal studies required for a PMA application are typically large multicenter randomized trials and often
represent the largest commercial risk and expense in the device development process. In addition to obtaining an IDE from the FDA and
formally recruiting clinical sites, it also includes engaging a contract research organization (CRO), core laboratories, formation of
a data safety monitoring board (DSMB), and an executive committee. 

Though there are many similarities in the regulatory
process in the United States and countries within the European Union, there are important differences that impact the time and cost associated
with the introduction of a new medical device. The European Union system relies heavily on notified bodies (NBs), which are independent
commercial organizations to implement regulatory control over medical devices. NBs have the ability to issue the CE mark, the official
marking required for certain medical devices. NBs are designated, monitored, and audited by the relevant member states via the national 

12 

competent authorities. Many functions performed by the
FDA/CDRH within the United States are performed by NBs, including medical device certification, device type designation, assessment
and verification of quality systems, and review of design dossiers for high-risk devices. Currently, there are more than 50 active
NBs within Europe. A company is free to choose any notified body designated to cover the particular class of device under review.
After approval, post-market surveillance functions are the responsibility of the member state via the competent authority. NBs
typically function in a closed manner, providing little visibility on criteria required for approval. This dynamic allows for a high
degree of variation as well as competition among NBs. As a result, NBs are perceived by industry to be less bureaucratic
organizations that can respond more quickly and efficiently than the FDA. 

Criteria for approval of high-risk devices are different
in the European Union. To receive approval to market a Class III high-risk (and some Class II) device in the United States, the manufacturer
must demonstrate the device to be reasonably safe and effective, which typically requires a prospective, randomized controlled clinical
trial. To receive approval to market a device in the European Union, the manufacturer must demonstrate that the device is safe and that
it performs in a manner consistent with the manufacturer s intended use. This difference has a profound impact on the size and scope
of the clinical studies for regulatory approval. 

The demonstration of safety and efficacy for a new
medical device is a long, arduous, and expensive developmental path from early concept to introduction into clinical practice. 

We will be subject to environmental and other rules
related to the handling of nitric oxide. We will be using very small testing quantities of nitric oxide and do not anticipate any material
issues in relation to nitric oxide as it relates to environmental or other regulatory issues. 

In addition to the foregoing, our present and future
business may be subject to various laws and regulations relating to safe working conditions, clinical, laboratory and manufacturing practices,
the experimental use of animals and the use and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances, including radioactive compounds
and infectious disease agents, used in connection with our research, as well as national restrictions on technology transfer, and import,
export and customs regulations and similar laws and regulations in foreign countries. Due to the extensive regulatory requirements, management
does not anticipate any submittals for some time until the technology is more developed and tested in the lab. At such time as management
feels initial submittals are warranted, significant additional capital will need to be raised to proceed with even initial submittals
As such, we believe any commercialization of our product is years away and we will continue to be reliant on loans and stock sales to
stay in business. 

Concentration of Customers 

Currently we do not have any customers and will not
have any customers until our product is through the development and testing stages and receives FDA approval. 

Patents, Trademarks, Licenses, Franchises, Concessions,
Royalty Agreements or Labor Contracts, including Duration 

Presently we have two patents approved and one patent
pending for our Nitric Oxide systems and we hope to file additional patents for our products which will help us build a strong IP portfolio
and value for our company and our shareholders. Our approved patents cover Gas Generator #62-014866 and our disposable delivery device.
Our patent pending covers Controlled Delivery of Medical gases using Diffusion Membrane #14529112. We are also pursuing a proprietary
protection strategy of our key formulations and methods for further strengthening the overall Intellectual Property portfolio. We have
no trademarks. We also have no franchises, concessions, royalty agreements or labor contracts. 

13 

Research and Development Costs During the Last Two Fiscal Years 

We are currently expensing our costs under a general operating expense
category instead of capitalizing any research and development expenses. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

NU-MED s operations are subject to a number
of risks including: 

Risk Factors Relating to NU-MED s
Proposed Activities 

We currently do not have the capital to fund
operations and are dependent on raising additional capital to stay in business. 

NU-MED is a medical device development
company focused on the development of systems for the delivery of nitric oxide. NU-MED is currently undercapitalized and is relying on
equity and debt investments to continue operations. We have identified the products we want to develop and market. We have moved forward
in the design and development stage with these products. Given that we will be producing a medical device, it may take years of testing
before we are able to start selling our product and we will need more capital infusions to get the product developed and to market. Investors
in NU-Med would be placing their money in a company with some developed products which are potentially years away from being able to sell
and with no support for the eventual commercial application or market for the product. Given the uncertainties facing the company, investors
should look to an investment in NU-MED as highly speculative and risky with a high probability of losing their entire investment. 

We are still in the product development
phase of our operations, so the ultimate success of our products is unknown. 

NU-MED is a development-stage business. NU-MED has
focused on the development of medical products which requires extensive capital investment and can be a very lengthy process subject to
extensive regulatory approval. The ultimate success of NU-MED and its products is very uncertain. Investors will therefore be placing
their money in an undercapitalized company with no proven operations. 

Nitric oxide is a regulated chemical and is subject to extensive environmental
regulations related to its handling and disposal, which may increase our costs and subject us to environmental regulations. 

Although NU-MED operates as a research and development
company at this time and we use only small quantities of nitric oxide, we are still subject to the environmental and other workplace rules
related to the handling and disposal of nitric oxide. These rules require that we keep records of our handling and disposal of any nitric
oxide. Additionally, if we mishandle or do not dispose properly of the nitric oxide, we could be subject to fines and penalties. At this
time, we do not anticipate handling large quantities of nitric oxide and should not see substantial additional costs or contingencies
from our use of nitric oxide. However, as we expand our operations, the environmental and workplace rules related to the handling of nitric
oxide could increase our overall costs. 

We may incur significant costs complying with environmental laws and
regulations, and failure to comply with these laws and regulations could expose us to significant liabilities. 

Certain aspects of our business are subject to a variety
of federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the use, generation, manufacture, distribution, storage, handling, treatment
and disposal of materials. For example, high-pressure gas cylinders can be regarded as hazardous materials. Although we believe our safety
procedures for handling and disposing of these materials and waste products comply with these laws and regulations, we cannot eliminate
the risk of accidental injury or contamination from the use, manufacture, distribution, storage, handling, treatment or disposal of hazardous
materials. In the event of contamination or injury, or failure to comply with environmental, occupational health and safety and export
control laws and regulations, we could be held liable for any resulting damages and any such liability could exceed our assets and resources.
We do not maintain insurance for any environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us. 

14 

We will need additional financing, which will potentially
dilute current investors, and we may not be able to obtain such financing. 

NU-MED intends to engage in product development that
will require substantial capitalization as we attempt to develop our products. Accordingly, NU-MED s future success and profitability
may be based on our ability to obtain additional financing on favorable terms. Any additional financing may cause dilution to current
investors and there can be no assurance that any additional financing will be on terms that are favorable to NU-MED and our shareholders. 

The medical product business is highly competitive
and subject to extensive regulations, making it difficult and very expensive to bring new products into the marketplace. 

We face vigorous competition from companies throughout
the world, including multinational companies which are better financed and have more experience in medical product design. Most
of these competitors have greater resources than we do and may be able to respond to changing business and economic conditions more quickly
than us. Our ability to compete with these companies will be limited. Additionally, with extensive regulation and testing of medical
devices, it is extremely costly to bring a medical device to market and we may not be able to obtain the necessary capital to bring a
medical device to market. As such, an investment in the Company is very risky and could result in the loss of an investor s entire
investment. 

Our success will be dependent on the ability of
management to develop medical devices. 

Our success depends on our ability to develop medical
products. With limited resources, we will be dependent on current management to be able to develop the medical devices. None of our current
management members has extensive experience developing medical products or bringing them to market. As such, investors will be placing
money with individuals with no proven success in developing and selling medical devices, thereby creating high risk of loss of an investor s
entire investment in the Company. 

Our success depends, in part, on our key personnel. 

Our success depends, in part, on our ability to retain
our key personnel, including our executive officers and senior management team. Our management team has created our business model
and the initial focus on our first medical device. The unexpected loss of one or more of our key executives could adversely affect our
business. Our success also depends, in part, on our continuing ability to identify, hire, train and retain other highly qualified
personnel. Competition for these employees can be intense. We may not be able to attract, assimilate or retain qualified personnel
in the future, and our failure to do so could adversely affect our business. 

Our ability to commercialize pharmaceutical products
successfully may depend, in part, on the availability of reimbursement for our products from: 

Government and health administration
authorities; 

Private health insurers; and 

Other third party payers, including
Medicare. 

We cannot predict the availability of reimbursement
for health care products. Third-party payers, including Medicare, are challenging the prices charged for medical products and services.
Government and other third-party payers progressively are limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement for new drugs. Third-party
insurance coverage may not be available to patients for any of our products. 

15 

The continuing efforts of government and third-party
payers to contain or reduce the costs of health care may limit our commercial opportunity. If government and other third-party payers
do not provide adequate coverage and reimbursement for any product we bring to market, doctors may not prescribe them or patients may
ask to have their physicians prescribe competing treatments with more favorable reimbursement. In some foreign markets, pricing and profitability
of prescription pharmaceuticals are subject to government control. In the United States, we expect that there will continue to be federal
and state proposals for similar controls. In addition, we expect that increasing emphasis on managed care in the United States will continue
to put pressure on the pricing of pharmaceutical products. Cost control initiatives could decrease the price that we receive for any products
in the future. Further, cost control initiatives could impair our ability to commercialize our products and our ability to earn revenues
from this commercialization. 

We May Be Subject to Product Liability Claims if
People or Property Are Harmed by the Products We Sell. 

Some of the products we manufacture and sell may expose
us to product liability claims relating to personal injury or death caused by such products. Although we will maintain liability insurance,
we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will be available to us on
economically reasonable terms, or at all. 

Our auditors have indicated in their audit opinion
that there is a substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, which will affect our ability to raise capital or
borrow money. 

Our auditors have issued an audit opinion indicating
that there is a substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As such, any potential investor or lender is unlikely
to be willing to provide additional capital or loans to us. Without additional capital, we will be unable to remain in business or to
execute on our business plan. Even if we are able to obtain additional capital, given the going concern modification, it
is likely investors would suffer substantial dilution to their investment. 

We are a small Company with a limited number of
employees, which makes it impossible to implement the internal controls that provide investors assurances as to reporting accuracies. 

We have stated in Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
that because of there are material weaknesses in internal controls due to the limited number of persons responsible for the recording
and reporting of financial information, the lack of separation of financial reporting duties, and the limited size of our management team
in general. 

General Risks Relating to Investors 

We intend to take advantage of the disclosure requirements
of the JOBS Act provided for emerging growth companies, including not providing all of the accounting disclosure that other companies
will be required to provide, which may limit an investor s ability to compare our financial statements with other companies. 

Under the JOBS Act, we can elect to not comply with
new or revised accounting standards which will allow us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different
effective dates for public and private companies. Until the standards are required for private companies, we will not be required to adopt
those standards. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to those of companies that comply with public company effective
dates. This could affect an investor s ability to evaluate our financial statements compared to other public companies. In addition
to the financial statements, as we qualify as a Smaller Reporting Company , the JOBS Act allows us to provide less disclosure
on certain issues, such as executive compensation, which could affect an investor s ability to compare us to other companies. 

We do not intend to pay dividends in the near future. 

NU-MED has not paid, and does not plan to pay, dividends
in the foreseeable future, even if we were profitable. Earnings, if any, are expected to be used to expand operations, for research and
development and for general corporate purposes, rather than to make distributions
to shareholders. 

16 

Investors will not have cumulative voting
and will not be able to elect directors based on the percentages of ownership. 

Holders of common stock are not entitled to accumulate
their votes for the election of directors or otherwise. The present shareholders of NU-MED will be able to elect all of the directors
of NU-MED and effectively control NU-MED s affairs, making it difficult for investors to be able to change management or the direction
of NU-MED. (See "DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES.") 

We may issue more stock without shareholder input
or consent, which could dilute the book value of your investment. 

The board of directors has authority, without action
by or vote of the shareholders, to issue all or part of the authorized but unissued shares. In addition, the board of directors has authority,
without action by or vote of the shareholders, to fix and determine the rights, preferences, and privileges of the preferred stock, which
may be given voting rights superior to that of the common stock. Any issuance of additional shares of common stock or preferred stock
will dilute the ownership percentage of shareholders and may further dilute the book value of our shares. It is likely we will seek additional
capital in the future to fund operations. Any future capital will most likely reduce current shareholders percentage of ownership.
Additionally, with the board of directors having the ability to set the rights, preferences and privileges of the preferred stock the
board of directors, without shareholder approval, can create classes of stock which are superior to the common stock in both voting and
preferences, including dividend and liquidation preferences. As such, current and future holders of common stock may have less voting
power per share and dividend rights then subsequently issued preferred stock. 

A relatively small number of stockholders and managers
have significant influence over us, other stockholders will not be able to have a voice in the direction of the company, and stockholders
may disagree with the decisions of management. 

A small number of our stockholders and management,
acting together, will be able to exert significant influence over us through their ability to influence the election of directors
and all other matters that require action by our stockholders. The voting power of these individuals could have the effect of preventing
or delaying a change in control of our company which they oppose, even if our other stockholders believe it is in their best interests.
In addition, our executive officer has the ability to influence our day-to-day operations. These factors could negatively affect our company
and our stock price, as other investors may be unwilling to invest in a company with such a consolidation of control. Additionally, if
stockholders dislike the decisions of management, it will be difficult for stockholders to make changes to current management. 

The departure of certain key personnel could affect
the financial condition of NU-MED due to the loss of their expertise. 

Our business plan was developed by our officers and
will depend on their ability to design and create the initial models for our products. Without their expertise, it is unlikely we will
be able to complete the development and design of initial products. We do not have the funds, at this time, to hire additional personnel,
and without current management it is unlikely we would be able to obtain further funding. The loss of any member of management would severely
hinder our ability to develop our proposed products. A failure on our part to retain the services of these key personnel could have a
material adverse effect on our operating results and financial conditions. We do not maintain key man life insurance on any of our employees. 

Employees 

The Company currently has two employees and relies
on its officers and consultants for most of its activities. 

17 

The outbreak of the coronavirus may negatively
impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was
reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, which has and is continuing to spread throughout China and other parts of the world, including
the United States. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) a Public
Health Emergency of International Concern. On January 31, 2020, U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Alex M. Azar II declared
a public health emergency for the United States to aid the U.S. healthcare community in responding to COVID-19, and on March 11, 2020
the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a pandemic . The significant outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted
in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and could adversely affect
our business, results of operations and financial condition. The ultimate extent of the impact of any epidemic, pandemic or
other health crisis on our business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly
uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity of such epidemic, pandemic or other
health crisis and actions taken to contain or prevent their further spread, among others. These and other potential impacts
of an epidemic, pandemic or other health crisis, such as COVID-19, could therefore materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

NU-MED s corporate office is at 640 Belle Terre
Rd., Building E 2, Port Jefferson, NY 11777. Our R D facility is located at 5718 W Dannon Way, Suite B, West Jordan, UT 84081. We
paid rent of 1,059 per month for the months of January through August, 2022 and 1,000 per month for September through December, 2022
for our corporate office. We paid 2,050 per month for January through October 2021 for our laboratory space and will pay 100 per month
beginning January 2023 for our R D facility. The executive office arrangement provides us the flexibility to expand our corporate
offices as needed, without being committed to long term overhead for office space we currently do not need. Our executive office and laboratory
space are each on a month to month basis. Management believes these facilities will serve our purposes for at least the next twelve months. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINING SAFETY DISCLOSURE 

NU-MED has no mining operations. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY,
RELATED STOCKHOLDER 

 MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

The Company's Common Stock is quoted on the over the
counter bulletin board and OTCQB under the symbol NUMD. The first sale of the shares occurred in the third quarter of 2014. The following
high and low bid prices for the Company's Common Stock is based on over-the-counter quotations that reflect inter-dealer prices, without
retail mark-up, mark-down or commissions, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. Furthermore, the Company s common
stock has traded sporadically and in low volume. Our closing stock price on March 27, 2023
was 0.0176 per share. 

At March 27,
2023, the Company had approximately 159 shareholders of record. As of March 29, 2023,
the Company had 81,348,469 shares of its Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

18 

Transfer Agent 

NU-MED s transfer agent is Issuer Direct Corporation,
1981 Murray Holladay Road, Suite 100, Salt Lake City, Utah 84117; their telephone number is 801-272-9294. 

Recent Issuances of Unregistered Securities 

During 2022 the Company issued 2,000,000 shares of its restricted common
stock to Mr. William Hayde for which the Company recorded an expense of 35,000. The valuation was derived from the 0.0175 closing price
of the stock on the date the stock was granted. 

During 2021 the Company issued 28,320,000 shares of restricted common stock.
Of the total 28,000,000 shares were issued to satisfy all obligations of stock subscription payable to the estate of an investor, 200,000
shares were issued under a consulting agreement and 120,000 shares were issued to an investor who held a stock subscription agreement
allowing him to purchase up to 30,000 shares of stock at 0.25 per share. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain statements in this Report constitute forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our
actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such a difference include, among others, uncertainties relating
to general economic and business conditions; industry trends; changes in demand for our products and services; uncertainties relating
to customer plans and commitments and the timing of orders received from customers; announcements or changes in our pricing policies or
that of our competitors; unanticipated delays in the development, market acceptance or installation of our products and services; changes
in government regulations; availability of management and other key personnel; availability, terms and deployment of capital; relationships
with third-party equipment suppliers; and worldwide political stability and economic growth. The words believe, expect, 
 anticipate, intend and plan and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Readers
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date the statement was made. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

a. Basis of Presentation 

The Company s financial statements are prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In the opinion of management, all adjustments
which are necessary for a fair statement of the results for interim periods have been included. 

b. Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. 

19 

c. Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers all deposit accounts and investment
accounts with an original maturity of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. The cash balance we currently have on deposit is within
the limits for which the FDIC insures. 

d. Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment is stated at cost. Expenditure
for minor repairs, maintenance, and replacement parts which do not increase the useful lives of the assets are charged to expense as incurred.
Expenditures, exceeding 500, for new assets or that increase the useful life of existing assets are capitalized. Depreciation is
computed using the straight-line method. The lives over which the fixed assets are depreciated are five to seven years. 

e. Fair Value 

Fair value is defined as the price that would be received
to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. FASB
Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 820 establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs
used in measuring fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities (level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (level 3 measurements), as follows: 

Level 1 - Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or
liabilities; 

Level 2 - Inputs other than level one inputs that are either directly or
indirectly observable; and 

Level 3 - Unobservable inputs developed using estimates and assumptions,
which are developed by the reporting entity and reflect those assumptions that a market participant would use. 

All cash, accounts payable and accrued liabilities are carried at cost,
which approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of these financial instruments. Additionally, we measure certain financial
instruments at fair value on a recurring basis. 

f. Earnings per Share 

The computation of earnings per share of common stock
is based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period of the financial statement. The company includes shares
subscribed but unissued in its calculation of earnings per share. 

Diluted earnings per share is computed using the weighted
average number of common shares plus dilutive common share equivalents outstanding during the period. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021
there were -0- and -0-, respectively, potential dilutive shares that needed to be considered as common share equivalents. As of December
31, the dilutive shares were excluded from the calculation for diluted earnings per share as there was a net loss and their inclusion
in the calculation would be anti-dilutive. 

g. Concentrations and Credit Risk 

The Company has relied on a small group of investors
to fund its operations. If this group becomes unable or unwilling to provide additional funding, the Company may be unable to remain in
business or to execute on its business plan. 

h. Income Taxes 

Deferred taxes are provided on an asset and liability
approach whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards
and deferred tax liabilities are 

20 

recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary
differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax basis. Deferred tax assets
are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates
on the date of enactment. 

i. Stock-based Compensation 

The Company, in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation
 Stock Compensation , records all share-based payments to employees at the grant-date fair value of the equity instruments issued.
In accordance with ASC 718-10-30-9, Measurement Objective Fair Value at Grant Date , the Company uses the closing price
of the stock, as quoted by NASDAQ, on the date of the grant. The Company believes this pricing method provides the best estimate of fair
the fair value of the consideration given. Compensation cost is recognized over the requisite service period. 

The Company, in accordance with ASC 505, Compensation
 Stock Compensation , establishes the value of equity instruments issued to non-employees for goods and services by using the
closing price of the stock, as quoted by NASDAQ, on the date of the grant. The Company believes this method fairly establishes the value
of the goods and/or services received. 

j. Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt
 Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity
(Subtopic 815-40) to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require
separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception
guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional
disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06
amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments.
ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2024 for the Company and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption
permitted beginning January 1, 2021. The Company has determined not to early adopt ASU 2020-06. The implementation of this accounting
treatment is not expected to have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. 

The Company has reviewed all other recently issued,
but not yet adopted, accounting standards in order to determine their effects, if any, on its consolidated results of operation, financial
position and cash flows. Based on that review, the Company believes that none of these pronouncements will have a significant effect on
its current or future earnings or operations. 

Plan of Operations 

NU-MED is focused on the development of medical devices
with the first product aimed at the delivery of nitrogen oxide to patients. NU-MED believes the current delivery systems and supply of
nitrogen oxide are costly and creates an opportunity to develop nitric oxide delivery devices that can utilize cheaper delivery devices
for nitrogen oxide. In an effort to develop products, shortly after the founding of NU-MED, management raised initial capital to be able
to establish a lab and purchase equipment to work on the initial designs for a new medical device to deliver nitrogen oxide. 

Our lab has been successfully equipped and we are
proceeding with development of our proprietary product technology. Our technology is at the early development stage and management plans
are to concentrate on further improvement of our technology. Our budget requirements for the next year will be centered upon factors relating
to the testing, research and enhancement with the intention being to patent our formulation and design. Included in our budget for the
next year is the costs of chemical standards, gases and equipment we have projected we will need. Contained also within in our budget
are auditing costs and legal fees, which include patent filing expenses. 

21 

Projected costs to continue operation for the next
year are 1,250,000 and may increase depending on the costs of patent applications, submission of products to the FDA for approval and
ongoing development work. At this time, we do not have the funds to operate at this level and are seeking financing either through debt
or equity. If we cannot raise the needed capital, we may not be able to remain in business. 

Management believes, with the costs to develop new
technology and receive FDA regulatory approval for those devices, it is important to divide the capital needs into phases to be able to
track development progress and anticipate capital needs better. Rather than trying to raise a larger amount of capital upfront, which
management felt would result in higher dilution than otherwise would be required, management has chosen to raise capital in tranches as
product development progresses. With the first phase of establishing a lab and initial design completed and with prototype development
continuing, management anticipates having to seek additional capital in the near future to continue further development and testing for
FDA application. The exact amount of capital and the time frame to continue the development of the products is still unknown as management
continues to modify current designs during development. Management believes it may take some time before a commercial product is able
to be marketed and will have to rely on outside funding to support operations through not only the development and testing phases, but
the licensing phase and initial marketing cycles. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

At December 31, 2022, we had total assets of 79,545
with current assets of 79,545 and total liabilities of 142,570. Our current assets consisted of cash in the amount of 73,195. At December
31, 2021, we had assets of 22,163 with current assets of 11,675 and liabilities of 154,521. We currently have sufficient cash to pay
ongoing expenses for the six months, after which we will have to rely on loans from shareholders to cover expenses. Without additional
capital, we will not be able to stay in business and move our business plan forward. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received
cash for the issuance of a convertible note in the amount of 100,000. We currently have no commitments beyond this convertible note for
the needed capital. Since we will not have a commercial product in the next twelve months, we will have to rely on outside funding to
support our operations and product development and testing efforts. Given the financial state of NU-MED, we will not be able to seek traditional
bank financing and have to rely on private stock sales and potential loans from investors and shareholders. If we are unable to raise
additional capital, we will be forced to suspend operations until such capital can be raised or go out of business. We cannot project
the full costs to bring our proposed product to market or the timing of such commercialization. Given that our product is in the medical
field, testing is very expensive, and we will need additional capital prior to completing the testing phase. Any refinement or modification
of the product after the prototype is developed would also require additional capital. At this time, we will have to continue to rely
on outside capital and a budget that may require adjustment as we move further in the product development phase. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had no revenues,
operating expenses of 182,167 and other income of 52,000, resulting in a net loss of 130,167. This compares to a net loss for the year
ended December 31, 2021 of 830,061. Operating expenses in 2022 decreased 657,278 over 2021 due primarily from the reduction of consulting
by 426,101 and stock-based compensation by 149,000. The reduction in consulting expense in 2022 was primarily as the result consulting
agreements that concluded in 2021. The reduction in stock-based compensation resulted from the final amortization during 2021 of stock
issued for services. The net loss in 2022 was the result of 182,167 of operating expenses, offset in part by other income of 52,000.
We anticipate we will have operating losses for the foreseeable future and for the losses to increase as we hire personnel and move into
more development and testing phases of our proposed products. Additionally, we are preparing patent applications which will require additional
capital to pay for outside attorneys and consultants. We will be dependent on outside capital to support operations for the foreseeable
future and at this time do not have any commitments for additional capital. 

Off-balance sheet arrangements 

The Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
and it is not anticipated that the Company will enter into any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

22 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The financial statements of the Company are set forth immediately following
the signature page to this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON 

 ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

The Company has had no disagreements with its independent registered public
accounting firms with respect to accounting practices or procedures or financial disclosure. On February 13, 2023 the Board of Directors
approved the appointment of Fruci Associates II, PLLC as its independent registered accounting firm, replacing Sadler, Gibb and
Associates, LLC. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Our management, including
our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
Officer concluded that, for the reasons discussed below, our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by
this report were not effective for the reasons listed below. The disclosure controls and procedures ensure that all information required
to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Principal
Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. A controls system cannot
provide absolute assurance, however, that the objectives of the controls system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. 

Management s Annual
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act).
Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective
can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 

Our management evaluated
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management
used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control -
Integrated Framework - 2013. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal controls over
financial reporting were not effective to provide reasonable assurances based on the above criteria. 

The material weaknesses relate
to the limited number of persons responsible for the recording and reporting of financial information, the lack of separation of financial
reporting duties, and the limited size of our management team in general. We are in the process of evaluating methods of improving our
internal control over financial reporting, including the possible 

23 

addition of financial reporting staff and the increased separation of
financial reporting responsibility,
and intend to implement such steps as are necessary and possible to correct these material weaknesses. 

This annual report does not
include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. 
Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm since the Company is
not an accelerated filer or large accelerated filed. 

Changes in internal control over financial reporting 

There have been no changes in internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal year that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

None; not applicable. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth information with respect
to the officers and directors of NU-MED. NU-MED s directors serve for a term of one year and thereafter until their successors have
been duly elected by the stockholders and qualified. NU-MED s officers serve for a term of one year and thereafter until their successors
have been duly appointed by the Board of Directors and qualified. 

Name 
 Age 
 Title 
 
 William Hayde 
 58 
 CEO, Director 
 
 Keith Merrell 
 77 
 Chief Financial Officer, Director 
 
 Jeffrey L. Robins 
 74 
 Director 

William Hayde: President/CEO. Mr. Hayde has been a Wall Street veteran for over 30 years,
concentrating on investment banking and institutional trading, retiring from that portion of the industry after a long, successful career.
Mr. Hayde has been the Managing Director of the Interim Opportunity Fund LLC and its advisor, Waterside Capital Advisors, Inc., since
March 2018. During 2013, Mr. Hayde was a co-founder and Executive Vice-President of Intercontinental Beverage Capital, Inc. IBC ).
IBC is a New York based merchant bank focused specifically on the beverage and consumer packed goods industries. Since January 2011 through
March 2018 he served as Registered Vice President of Investment Banking Network 1 Financial Securities, Inc. and has held the following
securities licenses: 4, 6, 7, 24, 55, 63 and 79. From 2002 through 2009 he was co-owner of Waterville Investment Research, which also
operated the hedge fund Waterville Investment Partners LLP. Mr. Hayde maintains seats on the advisory boards of multiple public and private
companies in the consumer and medical industries. From January 1997 through May 2010 he was head of investment banking for Brockington
Securities and directed the firm s underwriting activities, private placements, and initiation of trading of newly listed securities.
Mr. Hayde received his B.A. degree from Stony Brook University. 

Keith L. Merrell : Chief Financial Offer and Principal Accounting Officer, Secretary and
Treasurer . Mr. Merrell serves as our Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer. Mr. Merrell draws on over 35 years of accounting
experience to manage our accounting functions and interface with our independent public accountants. He spent two years in the field of
public accounting and has served as Chief Financial Officer for four 

other public companies. He currently serves full-time
as our Chief Financial Officer and also serves as part-time CFO of another public company. His business career includes extensive experience
in management, sales and marketing, consulting, and merger and acquisition work. He graduated from Arizona State University with a B.S
degree in Accounting. 

Jeffrey L. Robins: Director . Mr. Robins has 30 years of senior management experience in high
technology companies coupled with 15 years of engineering leadership experience. For the past 10 years, Mr. Robins has been a management
consultant for his private consulting company Robins Resource Associates. Through his consulting company, Mr. Robins served as COO of
Asta Ltd until 2017 Mr. Robins served as VP of Operations at TSCO CO., Inc. until 2006 where he was a member of the Executive Staff with
responsibilities for accelerated new product development and operations management. Mr. Robins has extensive global experience, including
Operations Senior Director at Fujitsu Microelectronics, where he was responsible for foundry services, product development and two wafer
fabrication plants from start up to full production and ultimately having P L responsibility for a 450 million operation. He was
Fabrication Director of Operations at International Rectifier and has held various positions at Intel and AMD. He is a past president
of the Oregon Semiconductor Association. Mr. Robins holds a B.S. in Pharmacy from Idaho State University, a B.S. in Political Science
from Weber State University and an Engineering Management Certificate from Idaho State University. 

None of our officers and directors has filed for bankruptcy,
been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been the subject of any order, judgment, or decree permanently, temporarily, or otherwise limiting
activities (1) in connection with the sale or purchase of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or
State securities laws or Federal commodities laws, (2) engaging in any type of business practice, or (3) acting as a futures commission
merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other
person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser,
underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of an investment company, bank, savings
and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity. 

Family Relationships 

The officers/directors have no family relationships
to any other related parties. 

COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(A) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 

The Company believes all forms were filed. 

24 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

The following tables set forth certain summary information
concerning the compensation paid or accrued for each of the Company's last three completed fiscal years to the Company's or its principal
subsidiaries chief executive officer and each of its other executive officers that received compensation in excess of 100,000
during such period (as determined at December 31, 2022, the end of the Company's last completed fiscal year): 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and 
 Principal 
 Position 

Year 

Salary 

Bonus 

Stock 
 Awards 

Option 
 Awards 
 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 
 
 All 
 Other Compensation 

Total 
 
 William Hayde 
 2022 
 -- 
 -- 
 35,000 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 35,000 

Jeffrey L. Robins 
 2022 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 CEO 
 2021 
 42,600 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 42,600 

Keith L. Merrell 
 2022 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 CFO 
 2021 
 
 24,000 
 -- 
 200,000 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 224,000 

________________ 

 Mr. Hayde joined the Company as President/CEO in September
2022. 

 Mr. Robins relinquished his position as President/CEO
in September 2022, but continues as a Director. 

 Mr. Merrell joined to Company in August 2015. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

We had no outstanding equity awards at fiscal year-end 2022 or 2021. 

Option/Stock Appreciation Rights (SAR) Grants in
Last Fiscal Year 

In fiscal 2022 and 2021, there were no stock options
or SAR Grants. 

Stock Option Exercise 

In fiscal 2022 and 2021, none of the named executives
exercised any options to purchase shares of common stock. 

Long-Term Incentive Plan LTIP 

There were no awards granted during fiscal year 2022
or 2021 under a long-term incentive plan. 

Board of
Directors Compensation 

Each director may be paid his expenses, if any, of
attendance at each meeting of the board of directors, and may be paid a stated salary as director or a fixed sum for attendance at each
meeting of the board of directors or both. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the corporation in any other capacity
and receiving compensation therefore. We did not compensate our directors for service on the Board of Directors during fiscal 2022 or
2021. 

25 

No other compensation arrangements exist between NU-MED
and our officers and directors. 

Employment Contracts and Termination of Employment
and Change-in-Control Arrangements 

NU-MED has employment contracts with our executive
officers. Outside of these agreements, no other compensatory plan or arrangements exist between NU-MED and our executive officers that
results or will result from the resignation, retirement or any other termination of such executive officers employment with NU-MED,
or from a change-in-control of NU-MED. 

Report on Executive Compensation 

The Board of Directors determines the compensation
of NU-MED s executive officer and president and sets policies for, and reviews with the chief executive officer and president, the
compensation awarded to the other principal executives, if any. The compensation policies utilized by the Board of Directors are intended
to enable NU-MED to attract, retain and motivate executive officers to meet our goals using appropriate combinations of base salary and
incentive compensation in the form of stock options. Generally, compensation decisions are based on contractual commitments, if any, as
well as corporate performance, the level of individual responsibility of the particular executive and individual performance. At this
time, the Board of Directors has determined no compensation is warranted to the officers and directors until such time as a merger is
completed or business operation is established. At such time, executive compensation on an ongoing basis will be reviewed. 

Code of Ethics 

We do not have a code of ethics. 

Option Plans 

NU-MED has no option plans and no outstanding options. 

Board of Directors Interlocks and Insider Participation in Compensation
Decisions 

No such interlocks existed or such decisions were
made during fiscal years 2022 or 2021. 

Termination of Employment and Change of Control Arrangement 

There are no compensatory plans or arrangements, including
payments to be received from the Company, with respect to any person named in cash compensation set out above, which would in any way
result in payments to any such person because of his resignation, retirement, or other termination of such person's employment with the
Company or its subsidiaries, or any change in control of the Company, or a change in the person's responsibilities following a changing
in control of the Company. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners: 

The following table sets forth certain information
as of March 29, 2023, with respect to the beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock by each director of the Company and
each person known by the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the Company s outstanding shares of Common Stock.
At March 29, 2023, there were 81,348,469 shares of common stock outstanding. 

For purposes of this table, information as to the
beneficial ownership of shares of common stock is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and
includes general voting power and/or 

26 

investment power with respect to securities. Except
as otherwise indicated, all shares of our common stock are beneficially owned, and sole investment and voting power is held, by the person
named. For purposes of this table, a person or group of persons is deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock which
such person has the right to acquire within 60 days after the date hereof. The inclusion herein of such shares listed beneficially owned
does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership. 

Amount of 
 Percentage of Outstanding 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Beneficial Owner 
 Common stock 
 
 Principal Shareholders 

Jeffrey L. Robins 
 2152 W. Bryce Drive 
 Kaysville, Utah 84037 
 
 5,000,000 
 6.15 

William Hayde 
 640 Belle Terre Rd Blvd E 2 
 Port Jefferson, NY 11777 
 
 2,200,000 
 2.70 
 
 Keith L. Merrell 
 3,181,250 
 3.91 
 
 1240 Mueller Park Rd. 

Bountiful, UT 84010 

WLP Trust 
 455 East 500 South, Suite 201 
 Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 
 
 25,050,000 
 30.79 
 
 Officers and Directors 

William Hayde 
 2,200,000 
 2.70 
 
 Jeffrey L. Robins 
 5,000,000 
 6.15 
 
 Keith Merrell 
 3,181,250 
 3.91 
 
 Director and executive officer of the 

Company (3 individuals) 
 10,931,250 
 12.76 
 
 _________________________________ 

 WLP Trust is owned and controlled by Wendy Smith,
the widow of Karl Smith, who owned SCS. SCS was owed 230,100 in principal and 118,542 in accrued interest. The Company was notified
that SCS wished to convert the notes and accrued interest to shares of restricted common stock. Subsequent to providing the notice of
conversion Mr. Smith died without a will. After his estate had been through probate the Company was given instructions to issue 25,000,000
shares to WLP Trust, 2,000,000 shares to Roger Gill and 1,000,000 shares to Henry Smith. Prior to the issuance of these shares WLP Trust
was the holder of 50,000 shares of stock. 

Control by Existing Stockholders 

Current management owns 12.76 of the issued and outstanding
shares of common stock. It is likely they will be able to control NU-MED due to their present control of the Board of Directors and will
be in a position to recommend to dissolve, merge or sell the assets of NU-MED, and generally, to direct the affairs of NU-MED. 

27 

Dividends 

We have not declared any cash dividends with respect
to our common stock, and do not intend to declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Our future dividend policy cannot be ascertained
with any certainty. There are no material restrictions limiting, or that are likely to limit, our ability to pay dividends on our securities. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans excluding securities reflected in column (a) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 Total 
 NA 
 NA 
 NA 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR 

 INDEPENDENCE. 

Transactions with Officers and Directors 

On September 12, 2022 the Company entered into employment
agreements with Mr. Hayde, its President/CEO and Mr. Merrell, its CFO. The employment agreements provide for no salary until such time
as adequate funds are available, at which time the salaries will be determined by the Board of Directors. At the termination of the lease
for the Company s office in Salt Lake City, Mr. Hayde and Mr. Merrell are paid 500 each monthly toward the costs of their respective
offices. 

Except as set forth above, there were no material
transactions, or series of similar transactions, during our Company s last five fiscal years, or any currently proposed transactions,
or series of similar transactions, to which we or any of our subsidiaries was or is to be a party, in which the amount involved exceeded
the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last three completed fiscal years and in
which any promoter or founder of ours or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons, had an interest. 

At this time, we have three directors, none of which
qualifies as independent. One of our directors is a founder and major shareholder of NU-MED. Additionally, given the limited size of our
board of directors, we have not set up any committees of the board of directors such as compensation, audit or nominating committees.
As our operations expand, we hope to be able to add outside directors and set up these committees, but at this time, do not know when
we will be able to add additional directors and set up such committees. 

Transactions with Promoters 

There have been no transactions between the Company and promoters during
the last fiscal year. 

28 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The Company has selected Fruci Associates II, PLLC as its independent
public accounting firm, effective with the audit of our 2022 financial results. Expected fees to be paid are: 

 1) Audit Fees - The aggregate fees incurred for professional services rendered
by our principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements ending December 31, 2022 will be approximately 10,000 to
 12,000 and 3,000 for the review of each of our quarterly financial statements during the initial three quarters of 2023. 

 2) Audit-Related Fees. 0 and 0. 

 3) Tax Fees. 0 and 0. 

 4) All Other Fees. 0. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. The following financial statements are
included in this report: 

Title of Document 
 Page 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 33 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 35 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 36 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit 
 37 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 38 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 39 

(a)(2) FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. The following financial
statement schedules are included as part of this report: 

None. 

(a)(3) EXHIBITS. The following exhibits are included as part of this
report: 

SEC 

 Exhibit 	 Reference 

 Number 	 Number 	Title of Document
Location 

Item 3 Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 

3.01 	 3 	Articles of Incorporation	Incorporated by reference 

3.02 	 3 	Bylaws	Incorporated by reference 

Item 4 Instruments Defining the Rights of Security Holders 

4.01 
	 4 Specimen
Stock Certificate	Incorporated by reference 

10.01 	10 Consulting Contract SCS	Incorporated by reference 

10.02 	10 	Amended Promissory Note SCS	Incorporated by reference 

10.03 	10	 Promissory Note SCS	Incorporated by reference 

31.01 	31 CEO certification	This Filing 

29 

31.02 	 31 CFO certification		This Filing 

32.01 	 32 	CEO certification	This Filing 

32.02 	 32 	CFO certification	This Filing 

101. INS	XBRL Instance 

101. XSD 	XBRL Schema 

101. CAL	 XBRL Calculation 

101. DEF	 XBRL Definition 

101. LAB 	XBRL Label 

101. PRE 	XBRL Presentation 

The exhibits were filed with the original Form 10 filed by NU-MED on December
10, 2012, file number 000-54808. 

 The consulting contract was filed with the Form 8-K dated January 7,
2014 and filed on January 8, 2014. 

 Amended note filed with the Form 8-K dated September 27, 2013, and filed
on October 1, 2013. 

30 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

NU-MED PLUS, INC. 

March 29, 2023 	By: /s/ William Hayde	 	 

 William Hayde, CEO, Principal Executive 

March 29, 2023 	By: /s/ Keith L. Merrell 	 

 Keith L. Merrell, CFO/Principal Accounting 

 Officer 

In accordance with Section 12 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned in the capacities and on
the dates stated. 

Signature	 Title	 Date 

/s/ William Hayde 	Director, CEO	 March 29, 2023 

 William Hayde 

/s/ Jeffrey L. Robins 	 Director	 March 29, 2023 

 Jeffrey L. Robins 

/s/ Keith L. Merrell 	 Director, CFO	 March 29, 2023 

 Keith L. Merrell 

31 

Nu-Med Plus, Inc. 

 Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Table of Contents 

Page No. 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 
 
 33 

Balance Sheets 
 
 35 

Statements of Operations 
 
 36 

Statements of Stockholders' Deficit 
 
 37 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 38 

Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
 39 

32 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM [PCAOB ID ] 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Nu-Med
Plus, Inc.: 

Opinion on
the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Nu-Med Plus, Inc.( the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related statements of operations,
stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021 and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the year ended December 31, 2021, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

 We have served as the Company s auditor since
2017. 

March 31, 2021 

33 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Nu-Med
Plus, Inc.: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
Nu-Med Plus, Inc.( the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related statements of operations, stockholders 
deficit, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company
has an accumulated deficit and negative cash flows from operations. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit
matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2023. 

 (PCAOB ID 

March 29, 2023 

34 

NU-MED PLUS, INC. 

 Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expense 

-

Total current assets 

Long-term assets 

Property and equipment, net 
 
 - 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 
 
 - 

Total long-term assets 
 
 - 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable related party 

Note payable 

-

Accrued expense 

Operating lease liability 
 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 
 
 -
 
 -

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 
 -
 
 -

Stockholders' deficit 

Preferred stock; par value per share; authorized; - - and - - shares issued and outstanding, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 -
 
 -

Common stock; par value per share; authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 ) 
 ) 

Total stockholders' deficit 
 
 ) 
 ) 

Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

35 

NU-MED PLUS, INC. 

 Statements of Operations 

Year ended 
 Year ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Revenue 
 
 -
 
 -

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expense 

Payroll expense 

Rent expense 

Professional and consulting fees 

Depreciation expense 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 
 
 ) 
 ) 

Other income (expense) 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 

Gain on sale of assets 

-

Interest expense 
 
 ) 
 -

Total other income (expense) 

Loss before income taxes 
 
 ) 
 ) 

Income tax expense 
 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 
 
 ) 
 ) 

Basic and diluted earnings per share 
 
 ) 

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

36 

NU-MED PLUS, INC. 

 Statements of Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Stock Subscription 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Payable 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 
 -
 
 -

) 

Common Stock issued under subscription agreements 
 -
 
 -

) 
 -
 
 -

Common stock issued for cash 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Stock based compensation 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Net loss for the year ended Dec 31, 2021 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Common stock issued for services 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Forgiveness of debt by officers and directors 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Net profit for the year ended Dec 31, 2022 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 - 

-
 
 ) 
 ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

37 

NU-MED PLUS, INC. 

 Statements of Cash Flows 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 
 ) 
 ) 

Adjustment to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 
 -
 
 ) 

Stock-based compensation 

Amortization of right-of-use asset 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 
 ) 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 
 ) 

Operating lease liability 
 ) 
 ) 

Accounts payable 
 ) 

Related party payables 
 
 ) 

Accrued expense 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 ) 
 ) 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from note payable 
 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 
 
 ) 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental schedule of cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest 
 
 - 
 
 -

Cash paid for income taxes 
 - 

-

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

38 

NU-MED PLUS, INC. 

 Notes to the Financial Statements 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

pure,
with a one-year shelf life, a "desktop" generator device with controls plus safety monitors built in that delivers inhaled Nitric
Oxide to replace expensive pressurized canisters and a compact mobile rechargeable device to deliver inhaled Nitric Oxide gas. Development
on these devices was suspended when adequate funding was not available to support their continued development. We are currently working
to locate a merger partner that will be able to fund the final development of these products. The Company is incorporated in Utah. 

, for new assets or that increase the useful life of existing assets are capitalized. Depreciation is
computed using the straight-line method. The lives over which the fixed assets are depreciated are five to seven years. 

39 

) 
 
 Shares (denominator) 

Net earnings per share amount - basic 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Shares (denominator) 

Net earnings per share amount - diluted 
 
 ) 

40 

for 2023. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern
for a period of one year from the issuance of these financial statements. The Company has begun the process of arranging for additional
necessary funding and currently retains consultants for that purpose. Management will adjust any salaries and expenditures based on the
need for successful continuous operations. If plans to obtain further financing prove to be insufficient to fund operations, continued
viability could be at risk. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
this uncertainty. 

Accumulated depreciation 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Total Property and Equipment 
 - 

and , respectively. 

shares of preferred stock having a par value of per share. At
December 31, 2022 there are - - shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

41 

shares of restricted common stock for to investors. 

shares of restricted common stock in full settlement of its obligations under in stock subscriptions payable. 

shares of restricted common stock to its President/Chief Executive Officer. The Company recorded a stock-based compensation
charge of , the valuation being based on the closing price of per share on the date of grant. 

shares of restricted common stock, vesting
at shares per year, for his service. The term of the agreement is for one year, which term automatically renews for one-year extensions
up to four years unless terminated by either party with days written notice. The Company issued all shares to Mr. Merrell
on August 20, 2018. Any common shares not earned during the four-year period are to be returned or cancelled. An expense of was
recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021 which represents the fair value of the stock vested. A charge is made each quarter as the
shares are earned under the provisions of the agreement until such time as all shares have been earned. No charge was made during 2022,
as at December 31, 2021 all expense related to this agreement had been recorded. 

shares of preferred stock. As of the current date no terms have been established
for the preferred stock or its conversion to common stock and no Certificate of Designation has been filed. The issuance of the preferred
shares is subject to approval. 

per month. In November 2017 the Company signed a six-month extension of the lease with a lease payment of 
per month. In March 2018 the Company extended the lease agreement through August 31, 2019 at a rate of per month. In July 2019
the Company extended the lease agreement through August 31, 2020 at a rate of per month, in August 2020 the Company extended the
lease agreement through August 31, 2021 at a rate of per month, and in August 2021 the Company extended the lease through August
31, 2022 at a rate of per month. The lease was not extended when it terminated on August 31, 2022. Office space is currently rented
at per month on a month-to-month basis. 

42 

per month as reimbursement of office expenses. 

in accrued expenses which had been due them for services. 

related to the vesting of shares of restricted stock. 

. Upon the announcement that recipients could apply for forgiveness the Company completed its
request and subsequently received notice that the entire principal amount and all accrued and unpaid interest had been forgiven. The resultant
gain of from that forgiveness was recorded as other income in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

to Your Space, Inc. The note bears interest at the rate of per annum
and has a term date of December 31, 2023. The note has a due date of December 31, 2023. The Company may pay the principal and accrued
interest at any time prior to the due date. The holder of the note may choose to convert the principal and accrued interest of the note
to shares of common stock by providing notice of their intent to convert. The conversion rate provides for a discount to the share
price established in a liquidity event, such event defined as the trading of the stock on a major stock exchange. Should the note be unpaid
at the due date the interest rate will increase to per annum, with the interest to be paid monthly, which payment will be per
month. 

to effective January
1, 2018. This had an effect on the value of the Company s net operating loss carryover, but since the deferred tax asset is fully
reserved, it had no impact on the Company s financial statements. The impact of the change was reflected in the 2018 financial statements. 

) 
 
 Depreciation 

Shares issued for services 
 
 -

Meals and entertainment 
 
 -

-

Amortization of debt discount 
 
 -

-

(Gain) Loss on derivative 
 
 -

-

Change in valuation allowance 

43 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Depreciation 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Net deferred tax asset 
 
 - 

- 

that may be offset against future taxable income from the
year 2023 through 2036. The availability of some of the net operating loss will extend into 2037 if not previously utilized. During 2022,
the Company evaluated its deferred tax assets and concluded that none of the asset is currently realizable and that a full valuation allowance
should be recorded. 

44 

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, William Hayde certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Nu-Med Plus, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions); 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: 3/29/2023 Signature:/s/ William Hayde 

 William Hayde 

 Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 3
 ex31-2.htm
 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Keith L. Merrell certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Nu-Med Plus, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions); 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: 3/29/2023 Signature:/s/ Keith L. Merrell 

 Keith L. Merrell 

 Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex32.htm
 906 CERTIFICATIONS

Exhibit 32 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Nu-Med Plus, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
We, William Hayde, our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer and Keith L. Merrell, our Chief/Principal Financial Officer,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Dated: 3/29/2023
 /s/
William Hayde 

 William Hayde 

 Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer 

Dated: 3/29/2023 /s/ Keith L. Merrell 

 Keith L. Merrell 

 CFO and Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 numd-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 numd-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 numd-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 numd-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 numd-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

