<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1277998_0001213900-23-024126.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9400066</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>383325</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1535522</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2519321</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2255059</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2392033</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024126.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329164141
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024126
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001277998
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		IRS NUMBER:				510482104
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51229
		FILM NUMBER:		23775746

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		136 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			PINEVILLE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		704-869-2500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		136 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			PINEVILLE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28134

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Manufacturing Housing Properties Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180307

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Stack-It Storage, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150720

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Caprock Oil, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140317

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024126.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_manufactured.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ____________ to
_____________ 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm
that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of
the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the shares of the registrant s
common stock held by non-affiliates (based upon the closing price of such shares as reported on OTC Pink Market) was approximately .
Shares of the registrant s common stock held by each executive officer and director and by each person who owns 10 or more of the
outstanding common stock have been excluded from the calculation in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the registrant.
This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

As of March
28, 2023 , there were a total of shares of common stock of the registrant
issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

Manufacturing Housing Properties Inc. 

Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 19 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 20 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 22 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 22 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 24 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 34 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 34 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 34 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 34 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 36 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 36 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 37 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 43 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 47 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 49 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 51 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 52 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 62 

i 

INTRODUCTORY NOTES 

Use of Terms 

Except as otherwise indicated by the context and
for the purposes of this report only, references in this report to we, our and our company refer
to Manufactured Housing Properties Inc., a Nevada corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries and variable interest entities, or VIE s. 

Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

This report contains forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, which include information relating to future events, future financial performance,
strategies, expectations, competitive environment, regulation and availability of resources. These forward-looking statements include,
without limitation: statements concerning projections, predictions, expectations, estimates or forecasts for our business, financial and
operating results and future economic performance; statements of management s goals and objectives; trends affecting our financial
condition, results of operations or future prospects; statements regarding our financing plans or growth strategies; statements concerning
litigation or other matters; and other similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. Words such as may, 
 will, should, could, would, predicts, potential, continue, 
 expects, anticipates, future, intends, plans, believes 
and estimates, and similar expressions, as well as statements in future tense, identify forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking statements should not be read
as a guarantee of future performance or results and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times, or by which, that performance
or those results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time they are made and/or management s
good faith beliefs as of that time with respect to future events and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance
or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause
these differences include, but are not limited to: 

the impact of the coronavirus pandemic on our business; 

changes in the real estate market and general economic conditions; 

the inherent risks associated with owning real estate, including local real estate market conditions, governing laws and regulations affecting manufactured housing communities and illiquidity of real estate investments; 

increased competition in the geographic areas in which we own and operate manufactured housing communities; 

our ability to continue to identify, negotiate and acquire manufactured housing communities and/or vacant land which may be developed into manufactured housing communities on terms favorable to us; 

our ability to maintain rental rates and occupancy levels; 

changes in market rates of interest; 

our ability to repay debt financing obligations; 

our ability to refinance amounts outstanding under our credit facilities at maturity on terms favorable to us; 

ii 

our ability to comply with certain debt covenants; 

our ability to integrate acquired properties and operations into existing operations; 

the availability of other debt and equity financing alternatives; 

continued ability to access the debt or equity markets; 

the loss of any member of our management team; 

our ability to maintain internal controls and processes to ensure all transactions are accounted for properly, all relevant disclosures and filings are timely made in accordance with all rules and regulations, and any potential fraud or embezzlement is thwarted or detected; 

the ability of manufactured home buyers to obtain financing; 

the level of repossessions by manufactured home lenders; 

market conditions affecting our investment securities; 

changes in federal or state tax rules or regulations that could have adverse tax consequences; and 

those risks and uncertainties referenced under Item 1A. Risk Factors included in this annual report. 

Potential investors should not place undue reliance
on any forward-looking statements. Except as expressly required by the federal securities laws, there is no undertaking to publicly update
or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason.
If we do update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect
to those or other forward-looking statements. Potential investors should not make an investment decision based solely on our company s
projections, estimates or expectations. 

The specific discussions herein about our company
include financial projections and future estimates and expectations about our company s business. The projections, estimates and
expectations are presented in this report only as a guide about future possibilities and do not represent actual amounts or assured events.
All the projections and estimates are based exclusively on our management s own assessment of our business, the industry in which
we operate and the economy at large and other operational factors, including capital resources and liquidity, financial condition, fulfillment
of contracts and opportunities. The actual results may differ significantly from the projections. 

iii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

Overview 

We
are a self-administered, self-managed, vertically integrated owner and operator of manufactured housing communities. We earn income from
(i) leasing manufactured home sites to tenants who own their own manufactured home and (ii) leasing manufactured homes owned by us to
residents of the communities. 

We own and operate 55 manufactured housing
communities containing approximately 2,579 developed sites and 1,394 company-owned manufactured homes. Our communities are located in
Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee. See Item 2. Properties for a description of these manufactured housing
communities. 

Our mission is to provide affordable housing
and an improved level of service to our residents, while producing an attractive and stable risk adjusted return to our investors.
We believe that manufactured housing is one of the few non-subsidized affordable housing options in the U.S. Manufactured housing is
an economically attractive alternative to traditional single-family and multi-family housing, as it provides characteristics of
single-family housing (no shared walls, dedicated parking and a yard) while being competitively priced to multi-family housing.
Demand for housing affordability is high and is projected to continue to increase. However, we believe that the supply of
manufactured housing is not keeping pace with the demand, as there are few new manufactured housing communities being built. 

Our Corporate History and Structure 

We originally incorporated in the State of Nevada
as Frontier Staffing, Inc. on September 3, 2003. Since our incorporation, we have experienced several name changes and have engaged in
several different business endeavors. On October 12, 2017, Mobile Home Rental Holdings LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company,
which engaged in acquiring and operating manufactured housing properties, merged with and into our company. In connection with the merger,
the name of our company was changed to Manufactured Housing Properties Inc., the former business and management of Mobile Home Rental
Holdings became the business and management, respectively, of our company at that time. 

In connection with our acquisitions of manufactured
housing communities, we have established various limited liability companies to hold the acquired properties. We
consolidate these entities and VIEs where we are primary beneficiary. The following is a summary of our subsidiaries and VIEs.
 All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. We do not have
a majority or minority interest in any other company, either consolidated or unconsolidated. 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 State of Formation 
 
 Date of Formation 
 
 Ownership 
 
 Pecan Grove MHP LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 October 12, 2016 
 
 100 
 
 Azalea MHP LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 October 25, 2017 
 
 100 
 
 Holly Faye MHP LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 October 25, 2017 
 
 100 
 
 Chatham Pines MHP LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 October 31, 2017 
 
 100 
 
 Maple Hills MHP LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 October 31, 2017 
 
 100 
 
 Lakeview MHP LLC 
 
 South Carolina 
 
 November 1, 2017 
 
 100 
 
 MHP Pursuits LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 January 31, 2019 
 
 100 
 
 Mobile Home Rentals LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 September 30, 2016 
 
 100 
 
 Hunt Club MHP LLC 
 
 South Carolina 
 
 March 8, 2019 
 
 100 
 
 B D MHP LLC 
 
 South Carolina 
 
 April 4, 2019 
 
 100 
 
 Crestview MHP LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 June 28, 2019 
 
 100 
 
 Springlake MHP LLC 
 
 Georgia 
 
 October 10, 2019 
 
 100 
 
 ARC MHP LLC 
 
 South Carolina 
 
 November 13, 2019 
 
 100 
 
 Countryside MHP LLC 
 
 South Carolina 
 
 March 12, 2020 
 
 100 
 
 Evergreen MHP LLC 
 
 Tennessee 
 
 March 17, 2020 
 
 100 
 
 Golden Isles MHP LLC 
 
 Georgia 
 
 March 16, 2021 
 
 100 

1 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 State of Formation 
 
 Date of Formation 
 
 Ownership 

Anderson MHP LLC 
 
 South Carolina 
 
 June 2, 2021 
 
 100 
 
 Capital View MHP LLC 
 
 South Carolina 
 
 August 6, 2021 
 
 100 
 
 Hidden Oaks MHP LLC 
 
 South Carolina 
 
 August 6, 2021 
 
 100 
 
 North Raleigh MHP LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 September 16, 2021 
 
 100 
 
 Carolinas 4 MHP LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 November 30, 2021 
 
 100 
 
 Charlotte 3 Park MHP LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 December 10, 2021 
 
 100 
 
 Sunnyland MHP LLC 
 
 Georgia 
 
 January 7, 2022 
 
 100 
 
 Warrenville MHP LLC 
 
 South Carolina 
 
 February 15, 2022 
 
 100 
 
 Solid Rock MHP LLC 
 
 South Carolina 
 
 June 6, 2022 
 
 100 
 
 Spaulding MHP LLC 
 
 Georgia 
 
 June 10, 2022 
 
 100 
 
 Raeford MHP Development LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 June 20, 2022 
 
 100 
 
 Solid Rock MHP Homes LLC 
 
 South Carolina 
 
 June 22, 2022 
 
 100 
 
 Country Estates MHP LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 July 6, 2022 
 
 100 
 
 Statesville MHP LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 July 6, 2022 
 
 100 
 
 Timberview MHP LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 July 7, 2022 
 
 100 
 
 Red Fox MHP LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 July 7, 2022 
 
 100 
 
 Northview MHP LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 July 8, 2022 
 
 100 
 
 Meadowbrook MHP LLC 
 
 South Carolina 
 
 July 25, 2022 
 
 100 
 
 Sunnyland 2 MHP LLC 
 
 Georgia 
 
 July 27, 2022 
 
 100 
 
 Dalton 3 MHP LLC 
 
 Georgia 
 
 August 8, 2022 
 
 100 
 
 MHP Home Holdings LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 August 17, 2022 
 
 100 
 
 Glynn Acres MHP LLC 
 
 Georgia 
 
 September 9, 2022 
 
 100 
 
 Wake Forest 2 MHP LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 October 27, 2022 
 
 100 
 
 MACRAL Properties LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 November 14, 2022 
 
 100 
 
 Ron-Ran Enterprises LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 November 14, 2022 
 
 100 
 
 Country Aire MHP LLC 
 
 South Carolina 
 
 December 1, 2022 
 
 100 
 
 Mobile Cottage MHP LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 December 7, 2022 
 
 100 
 
 Merritt Place MHP LLC 
 
 Georgia 
 
 December 6, 2022 
 
 100 
 
 MHR Home Development LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 January 19, 2023 
 
 100 
 
 Gvest Finance LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 December 11, 2018 
 
 VIE 
 
 Gvest Homes I LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 November 9, 2020 
 
 VIE 
 
 Brainerd Place LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 February 24, 2021 
 
 VIE 
 
 Bull Creek LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 April 13, 2021 
 
 VIE 
 
 Gvest Anderson Homes LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 June 22, 2021 
 
 VIE 
 
 Gvest Capital View Homes LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 August 6, 2021 
 
 VIE 
 
 Gvest Hidden Oaks Homes LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 August 6, 2021 
 
 VIE 
 
 Gvest Springlake Homes LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 September 24, 2021 
 
 VIE 
 
 Gvest Carolinas 4 Homes LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 November 13, 2021 
 
 VIE 
 
 Gvest Sunnyland Homes LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 January 6, 2022 
 
 VIE 
 
 Gvest Warrenville Homes LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 February 14, 2022 
 
 VIE 
 
 Gvest Wake Forest 2 Homes LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 October 27, 2022 
 
 VIE 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, there was no activity
in Country Estates LLC, Dalton 3 MHP LLC, Country Aire MHP LLC, Merritt Place MHP LLC, and MHR Home Development LLC. 

Date LLC interest was acquired. 

2 

In December
2020, we entered into a property management agreement with Gvest Finance LLC, a company owned and controlled by our parent company, Gvest
Real Estate Capital LLC, an entity whose sole owner is Raymond M. Gee, our chairman and chief executive officer, and have subsequently
entered into property management agreements with Gvest Homes I LLC, Gvest Anderson Homes LLC, Gvest Capital View Homes LLC, Gvest Hidden
Oaks Homes LLC, Gvest Springlake Homes LLC, Gvest Carolinas 4 Homes LLC, Gvest Sunnyland Homes LLC, Gvest Warrenville Homes LLC and Gvest
Wake Forest 2 Homes LLC, which are all wholly owned subsidiaries of Gvest Finance LLC. Under the property management agreements, we manage
the homes owned by the VIEs and the VIEs remit to our company all income, less any sums paid out for operational expenses and debt service
but retain 5 of the debt service payment as a reserve. 

Additionally, during 2021, we formed two entities,
Brainerd Place LLC and Bull Creek LLC, for the purpose of exploring opportunities to develop mobile home communities. We own 49 
of these entities and Gvest Real Estate LLC, an entity whose sole owner is Raymond M. Gee, owns 51 . We also executed operating
agreements with these entities which designate Gvest Capital Management LLC, a company owned and controlled by Gvest Real Estate Capital
LLC, as manager with the authority, power, and discretion to manage and control the entities business decisions. The operating
agreements require us to make cash contributions to the entities to fund their activities, operations, and existence, if we approve the
contribution requests from the manager. This ultimately provides us with power to direct the economically significant activities of these
entities. 

Pursuant
to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, a company with interests in a VIE must consolidate the entity if the company
is deemed to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE; that is, if it has both (1) the power to direct the economically significant
activities of the entity and (2) the obligation to absorb losses of, or the right to receive benefits from, the entity that could
potentially be significant to the VIE. Such a determination requires management to evaluate circumstances and relationships that may be
difficult to understand and to make a significant judgment, and to repeat the evaluation at each subsequent reporting date. Primarily
due to our common ownership by Mr. Gee, our power to direct the activities of these entities that most significantly impact their economic
performance, and the fact that we have the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from these entities that could
potentially be significant to these entities, we consider the entities listed above VIEs in accordance with applicable GAAP. 

2022
Acquisitions 

During 2022, we acquired 13 manufactured housing communities
via newly formed subsidiaries and VIEs consisting of 560 total sites for an aggregate purchase price of 24,269,769: 

On
 January 31, 2022, we purchased a manufactured housing community located in Byron, Georgia
 consisting of 73 sites on approximately 18.57 acres and an adjacent parcel of 15.09 acres
 of undeveloped land for a total purchase price of 2,200,000. Sunnyland MHP LLC purchased
 the land and land improvements and the Company s VIE, Gvest Sunnyland Homes LLC, purchased
 the homes. 

On
 March 31, 2022, we purchased two manufactured housing communities located in Warrenville,
 South Carolina consisting of 85 sites on approximately 45 acres for a total purchase
 price of 3,050,000. Warrenville MHP LLC purchased the land and land improvements and our VIE, Gvest Warrenville Homes LLC, purchased the homes. 

On
 June 17, 2022, we purchased a manufactured housing community located in Brunswick, Georgia
 consisting of 73 sites on approximately 17 acres for a total purchase price of
 2,000,000. Spaulding MHP LLC purchased the land, land improvements, and homes. 

On
 June 28, 2022, our subsidiary Raeford MHP Development LLC, purchased 62 acres of undeveloped
 land zoned for approximately 200 mobile home lots in Raeford, North Carolina, a town in the
 Fayetteville Metropolitan Statistical Area for a total purchase price of 650,000. 

3 

On
 July 7, 2022, we purchased a manufactured housing community located in Leesville, North Carolina
 consisting of 39 sites on approximately 11 acres for a total purchase price of 1,700,000.
 Solid Rock MHP LLC purchased the land and land improvements, and Solid Rock MHP Homes LLC
 purchased homes. 

On
 July 29, 2022, we purchased a manufactured housing community located in Clyde, North Carolina
 consisting of 52 sites on approximately 9 acres for a total purchase price of 3,044,769.
 Red Fox MHP LLC purchased the land, land improvements, and homes. 

On
 September 14, 2022, we purchased three manufactured housing communities located in Statesville,
 Thomasville, and Trinity, North Carolina consisting of 122 sites on approximately 75 acres
 for a total purchase price of 5,350,000. Statesville MHP LLC, Northview MHP LLC, and Timberview
 MHP LLC purchased the land and land improvements, and MHP Home Holdings LLC purchased the homes. 

On
 October 7, 2022, we purchased a manufactured housing community located in Brunswick, Georgia
 consisting of 21 sites on approximately 2.9 acres for a total purchase price of 1,125,000.
 Glynn Acres MHP LLC purchased the land, land improvements, and homes. 

On
 November 14, 2022, we purchased 100 membership interests in two LLCs which owned two manufactured
 housing communities located in Wake Forest, North Carolina, a part of the Raleigh metropolitan
 area, consisting of 72 sites on approximately 43 acres for a total purchase price of 4,500,000.
 Wake Forest 2 MHP LLC purchased the land and land improvements and the Company s VIE,
 Gvest Wake Forest 2 Homes LLC, purchased the homes in the Cooley s and Country Road communities. 

On
 December 20, 2022, we purchased a manufactured housing community located in Morganton, North
 Carolina consisting of 23 sites on approximately 13 acres for a total purchase price of 650,000
 that is in close proximity to another community in our portfolio. Mobile Cottage MHP LLC
 purchased the land, land improvements, and homes. 

Manufactured Housing and The Manufactured Housing Industry 

Manufactured homes are constructed in a factory
setting. The quality and efficiency of the construction process increase affordability and overall performance. The high demand for affordable
housing positions manufactured housing as an attractive option for first-time homebuyers and families who have a limited housing budget. 

Manufactured homes are built using standard construction
materials. The assembly line approach minimizes or eliminates issues that affect traditional stick-built home construction,
such as adverse weather, theft or vandalism of tools and material, on-site damage, and unskilled labor. The high quality and efficiency
of the manufactured home building process leads to construction costs that are close to 50 less per square foot than the per square foot
cost of conventionally built homes. Newly constructed manufactured homes are required to adhere to the U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development code, or the HUD Code. The HUD Code, which was revised in the early 1990 s, regulates the design and building
of manufactured homes to enhance their durability, energy efficiency, and fire resistance. 

According to data provided by the
Manufactured Housing Institute, over 22 million Americans live in a manufactured home. There are over 8.4 million manufactured homes
in the U.S. Manufactured homes accounted for over 9 of all single-family home builds in 2022. In some states, between 15 and 20 
of all residents live in a manufactured home. Research has shown that residents cite affordability as a key driver in their choice
to live in a manufactured home, with over 90 satisfied with their home. In addition to affordability, manufactured homes have
demonstrated their ability to maintain or increase in value, with the median value increasing 39 compared to an increase of 33 for
site-built homes over the same period. 

Manufactured housing communities are land-lease
residential developments designed and improved for the placement of detached, single-family manufactured homes that are produced off-site
and installed on residential sites within the community. The owner of a manufactured home leases the site on which the home is located.
In other cases, a tenant will rent a home from the community (i.e., a park-owned home), with the tenant agreeing to lease the home and
the site on which the home is located. 

4 

There are over 43,000 manufactured home communities
in the United States which lease home sites for over 4.3 million homes. The manufactured housing community owns the underlying land, utility
connections, streets, lighting, driveways, common area amenities, and other capital improvements and is responsible for enforcement of
community guidelines and maintenance of the community. Generally, each homeowner is responsible for the maintenance of their home and
upkeep of the leased site. In some communities, customers may rent homes from the community, with the owner responsible for the maintenance
and upkeep of the home. This option provides flexibility for customers seeking a more affordable housing option and enables the community
owner to meet a broader demand for housing, improve occupancy, and increase cash flow. 

From an investment perspective, we believe that
manufactured housing communities have several attractive characteristics when compared to other types of real estate, particularly multifamily,
including: 

Significant Barriers to Entry . We believe
the supply of new manufactured housing communities will be constrained due to significant barriers to entry in the industry, including:
(i) various zoning restrictions and negative zoning biases against manufactured housing communities; (ii) substantial upfront costs associated
with the development of infrastructure, amenities and other offsite improvements required by various governmental agencies, and (iii)
a significant length of time before lease-up and revenues can commence. 

Diminishing Supply . Supply is decreasing due
to redevelopment of older communities. 

Large Demographic Group of Potential Customers .
 We consider households earning between 25,000 and 50,000 per year to be our core customer base. In 2021, this demographic group
represented 18.7 of all households, according to the U.S. Census Bureau s Income in the United States. 

Stable Resident Base . We believe manufactured
housing communities tend to achieve and maintain a stable rate of occupancy, due to the following factors: (i) residents generally own
their own homes; (ii) moving a manufactured home from one community to another involves substantial cost and effort and often results
in the abandonment of on-site improvements made by the resident such as decks, garages, carports, and landscaping; and (iii) residents
enjoy a sense of community inherent in manufactured housing communities similar to residential subdivisions. 

Fragmented Ownership of Communities . Manufactured
housing community ownership in the United States is highly fragmented, with most manufactured housing communities owned by individuals.
We estimate that the top five manufactured housing community owners control only 9 of the total manufactured housing community home
sites in the U.S. 

Low Recurring Capital Requirements . Although
manufactured housing community owners are responsible for maintaining the infrastructure of the community, each homeowner is responsible
for the upkeep of his or her own home and home site, thereby reducing the manufactured housing community owner s ongoing maintenance
expenses and capital requirements. For the homes we own and lease to our customers, we conduct periodic unit inspections and experience
less turnover than typical multi-family rentals, both of which keep our overall expense ratio lower than typical multi-family expense
ratios. 

Affordable Homeowner Lifestyle . Manufactured
housing communities offer an affordable lifestyle typically unavailable in apartments, including lack of common walls, a yard for each
resident, the ability to park by the front door, and a sense of community. 

5 

Competition 

There are numerous private companies, but
only three U.S. publicly traded real estate investment trusts, or REITs, which compete in the manufactured housing industry. Many of the
private companies and one of the REITs, UMH Properties, Inc., may compete with us for acquisitions of manufactured housing communities.
Many of these companies have larger operations and greater financial resources than we do. The number of competitors, however, is increasing
as new entrants discover the benefits of the manufactured housing asset class. While more companies have entered the industry in
the recent past, we believe that the fragmented nature of ownership within the manufactured housing sector leads to less competition compared
to other commercial real estate sectors. 

Competitive Strengths 

We believe that the following competitive strengths
enable us to compete effectively: 

Acquisition Expertise and Deal Sourcing . Our
investment group has extensive expertise in sourcing marketed deals, pocket listings, and off market deals. Marketed deals are properties
that are listed with a broker who exposes the property to the largest pool of buyers possible. Pocket listings are properties that are
presented by brokers to a limited pool of buyers. Off market deals involve a property that is not listed for sale or advertised. 

Centralized Operations . We have centralized
many operational tasks, including accounting, home sales, marketing, lease administration, collections, and accounts payable. The use
of professional staff and technology at a corporate level allows us to scale efficiently and operate properties profitably by reducing
tasks otherwise completed at the property level. Experienced property managers are strategically located throughout our network of communities
to ensure homes and land are safe and in good repair to control operational expenses and heighten resident satisfaction. 

Deal Size . Due to the relatively small size
of our total capitalization, non-institutional deals of less than 150 sites are accretive to our balance sheet. These smaller properties
typically do not attract the larger institutional buyers, have a lower basis, and have less bidders than larger properties. We can profitably
operate these smaller properties through our centralized operations. 

Creating Value . Our underwriting expertise
enables us to identify acquisition prospects to provide attractive risk adjusted returns. Our operations team has the experience, skill
and resources to create this value through physical and/or operational property improvements. 

Our Investment Strategy 

Our investment mission is to deliver an attractive
risk-adjusted return with a focus on value creation, capital preservation, and growth. 

Our
primary investment strategy is to purchase manufactured housing communities that meet our acquisition criteria and will experience an
increase in value through our internal asset and property management. Secondarily, we may acquire unimproved property and develop manufactured
housing communities or may acquire newly-developed communities. We are focused on acquiring or developing communities which are located
in markets where there is a shortage of affordable housing and provide a basis that provides both short and long-term capital appreciation.
More recently, we have seen more acquisition opportunities that combine manufactured home sites with recreational vehicle, or RV pads,
especially in Texas, as well as the Southeastern and Southwestern US. While not a focus of our business presently, we could acquire
a number of these properties in the future, and we could elect to convert RV pads to manufactured home sites or operate them long-term
as RV pads. 

Historically, we have concentrated our acquisition
efforts on all-age communities in the southeastern United States. However, we are actively pursuing potential acquisitions
of communities in other high-growth areas of the country where affordable housing is in high demand. 

We are one of four U.S. public companies in the
manufactured housing sector, but we are the only company not organized as a REIT, thereby giving us flexibility to focus on growth through
reinvestment of income and employing higher leverage upon acquisition than REITs traditionally use of 50-60 . Additionally, due to our
small size, we can focus on smaller deals that are not accretive to institutional buyers but where potential risk-adjusted returns are
greater. 

6 

Regulation 

Federal, State and/or Local Regulatory Compliance 

We are subject to a variety of federal, state,
and/or local statutes, ordinances, rules, and regulations covering the purchase, development, and operation of real estate assets. These
regulatory requirements include zoning and land use, worksite safety, traffic, and other matters, such as local rules that may impose
restrictive zoning and developmental requirements. We are subject to various licensing, registration, and filing requirements in connection
with the development and operation of certain real estate assets. Additionally, state and/or local governments retain certain rights with
respect to eminent domain which could enable them to restrict or alter the use of our property. These requirements may lead to increases
in our overall costs. The need to comply with these requirements may significantly delay development or purchase of properties or lead
us to alter our plans regarding certain real estate assets. Some requirements, on a property-by-property evaluation, may lead to a determination
that development of a particular property would not be economically feasible, even if any or all necessary governmental approvals were
obtained. 

Newly constructed manufactured homes are required
to adhere to the HUD Code. The HUD Code, which was revised in the early 1990 s, regulates the design and building of manufactured
homes to enhance their durability, energy efficiency, and fire resistance. The construction and safety standards are provided in Title
24, Subtitle B, Chapter XX, Part 3280 of the Hud Code (https://www.ecfr.gov/current/title-24/subtitle-B/chapter-XX/part-3280). 

We believe that each community has all material
operating permits and approvals. 

Environmental Regulatory Compliance 

Under various federal, state and/or local laws,
ordinances, and regulations, a current or previous owner or operator of a property may be required to investigate and/or clean-up hazardous
or toxic substances released at that property. That owner or operator also may be held liable to third parties for bodily injury or property
damage (investigation and/or clean-up costs) incurred by those parties in connection with the contamination at that site. These laws often
impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of or otherwise caused the release of the hazardous or toxic substances.
In addition, persons who arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous substances or other regulated materials also may be liable
for the costs of removal or remediation of such substances at a disposal or treatment facility, whether such facility is owned or operated
by such persons. 

The costs of remediation or removal of hazardous
or toxic substances can be substantial, and the presence of contamination, or the failure to remediate contamination discovered, at a
property we own or operate may adversely affect our ability to develop, sell, lease, or borrow upon that property. Current and former
tenants at a property we own may have, or may have involved, the use of hazardous materials or generated hazardous wastes, and those situations
could result in our incurring liabilities to remediate any resulting contamination if the responsible party is unable or unwilling to
do so. 

In addition, our properties may be exposed to
a risk of contamination originating from other sources. While a property owner generally is not responsible for remediating contamination
that has migrated on-site from an off-site source, the contaminant s presence could have adverse effects on our ability to develop,
construct on, operate, sell, lease, or borrow upon that property. Certain environmental laws may create a lien on a contaminated site
in favor of the government for damages and costs the government may incur to remediate that contamination. Moreover, if contamination
is discovered on a property, environmental laws may impose restrictions on the way that property may be used, or how businesses may be
operated on that property, thus reducing our ability to maximize our investment in that property. Our properties have been subjected to
varying degrees of environmental assessment at various times; however, the identification of new areas of contamination, a change in the
extent or known scope of contamination, or changes in environmental regulatory standards and/or cleanup requirements could result in significant
costs to us. 

7 

Insurance and Property Maintenance and Improvement
Policies 

Our properties are insured against risks that
may cause property damage and business interruption including events such as fire, business interruption, general liability and if applicable,
flood. Our insurance policies contain deductible requirements, coverage limits and particular exclusions. It is our policy to maintain
adequate insurance coverage on all our properties; and, in the opinion of our management, all our properties are adequately insured. We
also obtain title insurance insuring fee title to the properties in an aggregate amount that we believe to be adequate. 

It is also our policy to properly maintain, modernize,
expand, and make improvements to its properties when required. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 59 employees,
including officers, all but one of whom are full-time employees. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

An investment in our Common Stock involves
a high degree of risk. You should carefully read and consider all of the risks described below, together with all of the other information
contained or referred to in this report, before making an investment decision with respect to our Common Stock or our company. If any
of the following events occur, our financial condition, business and results of operations (including cash flows) may be materially adversely
affected. In that event, the market price of our Common Stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Related to our Business and Industry 

We may not be able
to obtain adequate cash to fund our business. 

Our business requires access to adequate cash
to finance our operations, distributions, capital expenditures, debt service obligations, development and redevelopment costs and property
acquisition costs, if any. We expect to generate the cash to be used for these purposes primarily with operating cash flow, borrowings
under secured and unsecured loans, proceeds from sales of strategically identified assets and, when market conditions permit, through
the issuance of debt and equity securities from time to time. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to fund our business, particularly
if we are unable to renew leases, lease vacant space or re-lease space as leases expire according to our expectations. 

The coronavirus pandemic may cause a material
adverse effect on our business. 

In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus
was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China. On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak a pandemic,
and on March 13, 2020, the United States declared a national emergency. 

Some states and cities,
including some where our properties are located, reacted by instituting quarantines, restrictions on travel, mask-mandates, stay
at home rules and restrictions on the types of businesses that may continue to operate and in what capacity, as well as guidance
in response to the pandemic and the need to contain it. 

The
rules and restrictions put in place had a negative impact on the economy and business activity and may adversely impact the ability of
the Company s tenants, many of whom may be restricted in their ability to work, to pay their rent as and when due. In
addition, property managers, maintenance staff, and other employees may be limited in their ability to properly maintain our properties. 

The extent to which
the pandemic may impact our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted
as of the date of this report, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity of the pandemic and steps
taken to contain the pandemic or treat its impact, among others. Nevertheless, the pandemic and the current financial, economic,
and capital markets environment present material uncertainty and risk with respect to our performance, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows. 

8 

General economic conditions and the concentration
of our properties in Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Tennessee may affect our ability to generate sufficient revenue. 

The market and economic conditions in our current
markets may significantly affect manufactured housing occupancy or rental rates. Occupancy and rental rates, in turn, may significantly
affect our revenues, and if our communities do not generate revenues sufficient to meet our operating expenses, including debt service
and capital expenditures, current cash flow and ability to pay or refinance our debt obligations could be adversely affected. As a result
of the current geographic concentration of our properties in Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Tennessee, we are exposed to
the risks of downturns in the local economy or other local real estate market conditions that could adversely affect occupancy rates,
rental rates, and property values in these markets. 

Other factors that may affect general economic
conditions or local real estate conditions include: 

the national and local economic
climate which may be adversely affected by, among other factors, plant closings, and industry slowdowns; 

local real estate market conditions such as the oversupply of manufactured home sites or a reduction in demand for manufactured home sites in an area; 

the number of repossessed homes in a particular market; 

the lack of an established dealer network; 

the rental market which may limit the extent to which rents may be increased to meet increased expenses without decreasing occupancy rates; 

the safety, convenience and attractiveness of our properties and the neighborhoods where they are located; 

zoning or other regulatory restrictions; 

competition from other available manufactured housing communities and alternative forms of housing (such as apartment buildings and single-family homes); 

our ability to provide adequate management, maintenance and insurance; 

increased operating costs, including insurance premiums, real estate taxes and utilities; and 

the enactment of rent control laws or laws taxing the owners of manufactured homes. 

Our income would also be adversely affected if
tenants were unable to pay rent or if sites were unable to be rented on favorable terms. If we were unable to promptly renew the leases
for a significant number of sites, or if the rental rates upon such renewal were significantly lower than expected rates, then our business
and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, certain expenditures associated with each property (such as real estate
taxes and maintenance costs) generally are not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in income from the property. 

9 

Our business
could be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and political conditions, which in turn, can negatively impact our ability to
 generate returns to you. 

Our future business and operations are sensitive
to general business and economic conditions in the United States. Factors beyond our control could cause fluctuations resulting in adverse
conditions, such as heightened inflation. Sustained inflationary pressures resulted in the Federal Reserve Board increasing interest rates
significantly during 2022, and the Federal Reserve Board has continued to raise interest rates in 2023. To the extent such conditions
worsen, inflation may make it more difficult for our borrowers to repay loans, and may increase the risk of default by them, which in
turn, can negatively impact our ability to generate returns to you. 

In addition, national and regional economies and
financial markets have become increasingly interconnected, which increases the possibilities that conditions in one country, region, or
market might adversely impact issuers in a different country, region, or market. Major economic or political disruptions, such as the
slowing economy in China, the war in Ukraine and sanctions on Russia, and a potential economic slowdown in the United Kingdom and Europe,
may have global negative economic and market repercussions. While we do not intend to make loans to borrowers located in those countries,
such disruptions may nevertheless impact its operations. 

We face risks generally associated with
our debt . 

We finance a portion of our investments in properties
through debt. As of December 31, 2022, our total indebtedness for borrowed money was 87,919,399. We are subject to the risks normally
associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flow will be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and
interest. In addition, debt creates other risks, including: 

failure to repay or refinance existing debt as it matures, which may result in forced disposition of assets on disadvantageous terms; 

refinancing terms less favorable than the terms of existing debt; and 

failure to meet required payments of principal and/or interest. 

We face risks related to balloon
payments and re-financings. 

Certain of our mortgages and lines of credit will
have significant outstanding principal balances on their maturity dates, commonly known as balloon payments. As of December
31, 2022, our total future minimum principal payments were 87,919,399. We refinanced 62,000,000 of this debt during 2022 which will
not mature until 2032. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to refinance our debt on favorable terms or at all upon
maturity. To the extent we cannot refinance debt on favorable terms or at all, we may be forced to dispose of properties on disadvantageous
terms or pay higher interest rates, either of which would have an adverse impact on our financial performance and ability to service debt
and make distributions. 

We may become more highly leveraged, resulting
in increased risk of default on our obligations and an increase in debt service requirements that could adversely affect our financial
condition and results of operations and our ability to pay distributions. 

We have incurred, and may continue to incur, indebtedness
in furtherance of our activities. We could become more highly leveraged, resulting in an increased risk of default on our obligations
and in an increase in debt service requirements, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and our
ability to pay distributions to stockholders. 

Covenants in our credit agreements could
limit our flexibility and adversely affect our financial condition . 

The terms of our various credit agreements and
other indebtedness require us to comply with a number of customary financial and other covenants, such as maintaining debt service coverage
and leverage ratios and maintaining insurance coverage. These covenants may limit our flexibility in our operations, and breaches of these
covenants could result in defaults under the instruments governing the applicable indebtedness even if we had satisfied our payment obligations.
If we were to default under our credit agreements, our financial condition would be adversely affected. 

A change in the United States government
policy regarding the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac) could
impact our financial condition. 

In January 2023, the Biden Administration released
a Blueprint for a Renters Bill of Rights. This included a proposal that the Federal Housing Finance Agency, the independent regulator
and conservator of Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae, will launch a new public process to examine proposed actions promoting renter protections
and limits on rent increases. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are a major source of financing for the manufactured housing real estate sector.
We depend on Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to finance growth by purchasing or guaranteeing manufactured housing community loans. If enacted,
we do not know the extent to which these renter protections and limits on rent increases will impact our financial condition and our ability
to collect rent from our tenants. A decision by the government to limit rent increases through Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac may adversely
affect interest rates, capital availability and our ability to refinance our existing mortgage obligations as they come due and obtain
additional long-term financing for the acquisition of additional communities on favorable terms or at all. 

10 

We face risks relating to the property management
services that we provide. 

There are inherent risks in our providing property
management services to the manufactured housing communities on the properties that we own. The more significant of these risks include: 

our possible liability for personal injury or property damage suffered by our employees and third parties, including our tenants, that are not fully covered by our insurance; 

our possible inability to keep our manufactured housing communities at or near full occupancy; 

our possible inability to attract and keep responsible tenants; 

our possible inability to expediently remove problematic tenants from our communities; 

our possible inability to timely and satisfactorily deal with complaints of our tenants; 

our possible inability to locate, hire and retain qualified property management personnel; and 

our possible inability to adequately control expenses with respect to our properties. 

Adverse developments affecting the
financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults, or non-performance by financial
institutions or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect our current and projected business operations and our financial condition
and results of operations. 

Actual
events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions,
transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns
or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity
problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank, or SVB, was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection
and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or the FDIC, as receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023,
Signature Bank Corp., or Signature, and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership. Although a statement by the Department
of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC indicated that all depositors of SVB would have access to all of their money
after only one business day of closure, including funds held in uninsured deposit accounts, borrowers under credit agreements, letters
of credit and certain other financial instruments with SVB, Signature or any other financial institution that is placed into receivership
by the FDIC may be unable to access undrawn amounts thereunder. Although we are not a borrower under or party to any material
letter of credit or any other such instruments with SVB, Signature or any other financial institution currently in receivership, if we
enter into any such instruments and any of our lenders or counterparties to such instruments were to be placed into receivership, we
may be unable to access such funds. In addition, if any of our partners, suppliers or other parties with whom we conduct business are
unable to access funds pursuant to such instruments or lending arrangements with such a financial institution, such parties ability
to pay their obligations to us or to enter into new commercial arrangements requiring additional payments to us could be adversely affected.
In this regard, counterparties to credit agreements and arrangements with these financial institutions, and third parties such as beneficiaries
of letters of credit (among others), may experience direct impacts from the closure of these financial institutions and uncertainty remains
over liquidity concerns in the broader financial services industry. Similar impacts have occurred in the past, such as during the 2008-2010
financial crisis. 

Inflation
and rapid increases in interest rates have led to a decline in the trading value of previously issued government securities with interest
rates below current market interest rates. Although the U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board have announced
a program to provide up to 25 billion of loans to financial institutions secured by certain of such government securities held by financial
institutions to mitigate the risk of potential losses on the sale of such instruments, widespread demands for customer withdrawals or
other liquidity needs of financial institutions for immediately liquidity may exceed the capacity of such program. 

Our
access to funding sources and other credit arrangements in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our current and projected future
business operations could be significantly impaired by factors that affect us, any financial institutions with which we enter into credit
agreements or arrangements directly, or the financial services industry or economy in general. These factors could include, among others,
events such as liquidity constraints or failures, the ability to perform obligations under various types of financial, credit or liquidity
agreements or arrangements, disruptions or instability in the financial services industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative
expectations about the prospects for companies in the financial services industry. These factors could involve financial institutions
or financial services industry companies with which we have financial or business relationships, but could also include factors involving
financial markets or the financial services industry generally. 

The
results of events or concerns that involve one or more of these factors could include a variety of material and adverse impacts on our
current and projected business operations and our financial condition and results of operations. These risks include, but may not be
limited to, the following: 

delayed
 access to deposits or other financial assets or the uninsured loss of deposits or other financial
 assets; 

inability
 to enter into credit facilities or other working capital resources; 

potential
 or actual breach of contractual obligations that require us to maintain letters of credit
 or other credit support arrangements; or 

termination
 of cash management arrangements and/or delays in accessing or actual loss of funds subject
 to cash management arrangements. 

11 

In
addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing
terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit
and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Any decline in available
funding or access to our cash and liquidity resources could, among other risks, adversely impact our ability to meet our operating expenses
or other obligations, financial or otherwise, result in breaches of our financial and/or contractual obligations, or result in violations
of federal or state wage and hour laws. Any of these impacts, or any other impacts resulting from the factors described above or other
related or similar factors, could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity and our current and/or projected business operations
and financial condition and results of operations. 

In
addition, any further deterioration in the macroeconomic economy or financial services industry could lead to losses or defaults by our
partners, vendors or suppliers, which in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our current and/or projected business operations
and results of operations and financial condition. For example, a partner may fail to make payments when due, default under their agreements
with us, become insolvent or declare bankruptcy, or a supplier may determine that it will no longer deal with us as a customer. In addition,
a vendor or supplier could be adversely affected by any of the liquidity or other risks that are described above as factors that could
result in material adverse impacts on us, including but not limited to delayed access or loss of access to uninsured deposits or loss
of the ability to draw on existing credit facilities involving a troubled or failed financial institution. The bankruptcy or insolvency
of any partner, vendor or supplier, or the failure of any partner to make payments when due, or any breach or default by a partner, vendor
or supplier, or the loss of any significant supplier relationships, could cause us to suffer material losses and may have a material
adverse impact on our business. 

We may not be able to integrate or finance
our acquisitions. 

We acquire and intend to continue to acquire manufactured
housing communities on a select basis. Our acquisition activities and their success are subject to the following risks: 

we may be unable to acquire a desired property because of competition from other well capitalized real estate investors, including both publicly traded REITs and institutional investment funds; 

even if we enter into an acquisition agreement for a property, it is usually subject to customary conditions for closing, including completion of due diligence investigations to our satisfaction, which may not be satisfied; 

even if we are able to acquire a desired property, competition from other real estate investors may significantly increase the purchase price; 

we may be unable to finance acquisitions on favorable terms; 

acquired properties may fail to perform as expected; 

If any of the above were to occur, our business
and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

In addition, we may acquire properties subject
to liabilities and without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, with respect to unknown liabilities. As a result, if a liability
were to be asserted against us based on ownership of those properties, we might have to pay substantial sums to settle it, which could
adversely affect our cash flow. 

New acquisitions may fail to perform as
expected and the intended benefits may not be realized, which could have a negative impact on our operations. 

We intend to continue to acquire manufactured
housing communities. However, newly acquired properties may fail to perform as expected and could pose risks for our ongoing operations
including the following: 

integration may prove costly or time-consuming and may divert management s attention from the management of daily operations; 

difficulties or an inability to access capital or increases in financing costs; 

we may incur costs and expenses associated with any undisclosed or potential liabilities; 

unforeseen difficulties may arise in integrating an acquisition into our portfolio; 

expected synergies may not materialize; and 

acquired properties may be located in new markets where we face risks associated with a lack of market knowledge or understanding of the local economy, lack of business relationships in the area and unfamiliarity with local governmental and permitting procedures. 

12 

As a result of the foregoing, we may not accurately
estimate or identify all costs necessary to bring an acquired manufactured housing communities up to standards established for our intended
market position. As such, we cannot provide assurance that any acquisition that we make will be accretive to us in the near term or at
all. Furthermore, if we fail to realize the intended benefits of an acquisition, it may have a negative impact on our operations. 

Development and expansion properties may
fail to perform as expected and the intended benefits may not be realized, which could have a negative impact on our operations. 

We may periodically consider development and expansion
activities, which are subject to risks such as construction costs exceeding original estimates and construction and lease-up delays resulting
in increased construction costs and lower than expected revenues. Additionally, there can be no assurance that these properties will operate
better as a result of development or expansion activities due to various factors, including lower than anticipated occupancy and rental
rates causing a property to be unprofitable or less profitable than originally estimated. 

We regularly expend capital to maintain,
repair and renovate our properties, which could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 

We may, or we may be required to, from time to
time make significant capital expenditures to maintain or enhance the competitiveness of our manufactured housing communities. For instance,
in connection with the recent refinancing of our debt, KeyBank withheld approximately 4,000,000 in escrow for planned capital projects
to improve the financed communities, which is included in restricted cash. There can be no assurances that any such expenditures would
result in higher occupancy or higher rental rates. 

We may be unable to sell properties when
appropriate because real estate investments are illiquid. 

Real estate investments generally cannot be sold
quickly and, therefore, will tend to limit our ability to vary our property portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other
conditions. The inability to respond promptly to changes in the performance of our property portfolio could adversely affect our financial
condition and ability to service our debt and make distributions to our stockholders. 

We may be unable to compete with our larger
competitors, which may in turn adversely affect our profitability. 

The real estate business is highly competitive.
We compete for manufactured housing community investments with numerous other real estate entities, such as individuals, corporations,
REITs, and other enterprises engaged in real estate activities. In many cases, the competing concerns may be larger and better financed
than we are, making it difficult for us to secure new manufactured housing community investments. Competition among private and institutional
purchasers of manufactured housing community investments has led to increases in the purchase prices paid for manufactured housing communities
and consequent higher fixed costs. To the extent we are unable to effectively compete in the marketplace, our business may be adversely
affected. 

Actions by our competitors may decrease
or prevent increases in the occupancy and rental rates of our properties which could adversely affect our business. 

We compete with other owners and operators of
manufactured housing community properties, some of whom own properties similar to ours in the same submarkets in which our properties
are located. The number of competitive manufactured housing community properties in a particular area could have a material adverse effect
on our ability to lease sites and increase rents charged at our properties or at any newly acquired properties. In addition, other forms
of multi-family residential properties, such as private and federally funded or assisted multi-family housing projects and single-family
housing, provide housing alternatives to potential tenants of manufactured housing communities. If our competitors offer housing at rental
rates below current market rates or below the rental rates we currently charge our tenants, we may lose potential tenants, and we may
be pressured to reduce our rental rates below those we currently charge in order to retain tenants when our tenants leases expire.
As a result, our financial condition, cash flow, cash available for distribution, and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations
could be materially adversely affected. 

Losses in excess of our insurance coverage
or uninsured losses could adversely affect our cash flow. 

We generally maintain insurance policies related
to our business, including casualty, general liability and other policies covering business operations, employees and assets. However,
we may be required to bear all losses that are not adequately covered by insurance. In addition, there are certain losses that are not
generally insured because it is not economically feasible to insure against them, including losses due to riots or acts of war. If an
uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occurs with respect to one or more of our properties, then we could lose the capital
we invested in the properties, as well as the anticipated profits and cash flow from the properties and, in the case of debt that carries
recourse to us, we would remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the properties. Although we
believe that our insurance programs are adequate, no assurance can be given that we will not incur losses in excess of its insurance coverage,
or that we will be able to obtain insurance in the future at acceptable levels and reasonable cost. 

13 

Costs associated with taxes and regulatory
compliance may reduce our revenue. 

We are subject to significant regulation that
inhibits our activities and may increase our costs. Local zoning and use laws, environmental statutes and other governmental requirements
may restrict expansion, rehabilitation and reconstruction activities. These regulations may prevent us from taking advantage of economic
opportunities. Legislation such as the Americans with Disabilities Act may require us to modify our properties at a substantial cost and
noncompliance could result in the imposition of fines or an award of damages to private litigants. Future legislation may impose additional
requirements. We cannot predict what requirements may be enacted or amended or what costs we will incur to comply with such requirements.
Costs resulting from changes in real estate laws, income taxes, service or other taxes may adversely affect our funds from operations
and our ability to pay or refinance our debt. Similarly, changes in laws increasing the potential liability for environmental conditions
existing on properties or increasing the restrictions on discharges or other conditions may result in significant unanticipated expenditures,
which would adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Rent control legislation may harm our ability
to increase rents. 

State and local rent control laws in certain jurisdictions
may limit our ability to increase rents and to recover increases in operating expenses and the costs of capital improvements. We may purchase
additional properties in markets that are either subject to rent control or in which rent-limiting legislation exists or may be enacted. 

Environmental liabilities could affect our
profitability. 

Under various federal, state and local laws, as
well as local ordinances and regulations, an owner or operator of real estate is liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain
hazardous substances at, on, under or in such property, as well as certain other potential costs relating to hazardous or toxic substances.
Such laws often impose such liability without regard to whether the owner knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous
substances. A conveyance of the property, therefore, does not relieve the owner or operator from liability. As a current or former owner
and operator of real estate, we may be required by law to investigate and clean up hazardous substances released at or from the properties
we currently own or operate or have in the past owned or operated. We may also be liable to the government or to third parties for property
damage, investigation costs and cleanup costs. In addition, some environmental laws create a lien on the contaminated site in favor of
the government for damages and costs the government incurs in connection with the contamination. Contamination may adversely affect our
ability to sell or lease real estate or to borrow using the real estate as collateral. Persons who arrange for the disposal or treatment
of hazardous substances also may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of such substances at a disposal or treatment facility
owned or operated by another person. In addition, certain environmental laws impose liability for the management and disposal of asbestos-containing
materials and for the release of such materials into the air. These laws may provide for third parties to seek recovery from owners or
operators of real properties for personal injury associated with asbestos-containing materials. In connection with the ownership, operation,
management, and development of real properties, we may be considered an owner or operator of such properties and, therefore, are potentially
liable for removal or remediation costs, and also may be liable for governmental fines and injuries to persons and property. When we arrange
for the treatment or disposal of hazardous substances at landfills or other facilities owned by other persons, we may be liable for the
removal or remediation costs at such facilities. We are not aware of any environmental liabilities relating to our investment properties
that would have a material adverse effect on our business, assets, or results of operations. However, we cannot assure you that environmental
liabilities will not arise in the future and that such liabilities will not have a material adverse effect on our business, assets or
results of operation. 

Of the 55 manufactured housing communities
we currently operate, 16 are on well systems and 35 are on septic systems. At these locations, we are subject to compliance
with monthly, quarterly and yearly testing for contaminants as outlined by each state s Department of Environmental Protection Agencies.
Currently, we are not subject to radon or asbestos monitoring requirements. 

Additionally, in connection with the management
of the properties or upon acquisition or financing of a property, we authorize the preparation of Phase I or similar environmental reports
(which involves general inspections without soil sampling or ground water analysis) completed by independent environmental consultants.
Based on such environmental reports and our ongoing review of its properties, as of the date of this report, we are not aware of any
environmental condition with respect to any of our properties that we believe would be reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition or results of operations. These reports, however, cannot reflect conditions arising after the studies were
completed, and no assurances can be given that existing environmental studies reveal all environmental liabilities, that any prior owner
or operator of a property or neighboring owner or operator did not create any material environmental condition not known to us, or that
a material environmental condition does not otherwise exist with respect to any one property or more than one property. 

14 

Our failure or the failure of third-party
service providers to protect our sites, networks and systems against security breaches, or otherwise to protect our confidential information,
could damage our reputation and brand and substantially harm our business and operating results. 

We collect, maintain, transmit and store data
about our tenants, employees, contractors, suppliers, vendors and others, including credit card information and personally identifiable
information, as well as other confidential and proprietary information. We also employ third-party service providers that store, process
and transmit certain proprietary, personal and confidential information on our behalf. We rely on encryption and authentication technology
licensed from third parties in an effort to securely transmit, encrypt, anonymize or pseudonymize certain confidential and sensitive information,
including credit card numbers. Advances in computer capabilities, new technological discoveries or other developments may result in the
whole or partial failure of this technology to protect transaction and personal data or other confidential and sensitive information from
being breached or compromised. Our security measures, and those of our third-party service providers, may not detect or prevent all attempts
to hack our systems, denial-of-service attacks, viruses, malicious software, break-ins, phishing attacks, ransom-ware, social engineering,
security breaches or other attacks and similar disruptions that may jeopardize the security of information stored in or transmitted by
our sites, networks and systems or that we or our third-party service providers otherwise maintain, including payment card systems and
human resources management platforms. We and our service providers may not anticipate, discover or prevent all types of attacks until
after they have already been launched, and techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or sabotage systems change frequently and
may not be known until launched against us or our third-party service providers. In addition, security breaches can also occur as a result
of non-technical issues, including intentional or inadvertent breaches by our employees or by persons with whom we have commercial relationships. 

Breaches of our security measures or those of
our third-party service providers or cyber security incidents could result in unauthorized access to our sites, networks and systems;
unauthorized access to and misappropriation of personal information, including tenants and employees personally identifiable
information, or other confidential or proprietary information of ourselves or third parties; limited or terminated access to certain payment
methods or fines or higher transaction fees to use such methods; viruses, worms, spyware or other malware being served from our sites,
networks or systems; deletion or modification of content or the display of unauthorized content on our sites; interruption, disruption
or malfunction of operations; costs relating to breach remediation, deployment or training of additional personnel and protection technologies,
responses to governmental investigations and media inquiries and coverage; engagement of third-party experts and consultants; litigation,
regulatory action and other potential liabilities. If any of these breaches of security occur, our reputation and brand could be damaged,
our business may suffer, we could be required to expend significant capital and other resources to alleviate problems caused by such breaches
and we could be exposed to a risk of loss, litigation or regulatory action and possible liability. In addition, any party who is able
to illicitly obtain a tenant s password could access that tenant s personal information. Any compromise or breach of our security
measures, or those of our third-party service providers, could violate applicable privacy, data security and other laws, and cause significant
legal and financial exposure, adverse publicity and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business. 

We are subject to risks arising from litigation. 

We may become involved in litigation.
Litigation can be costly, and the results of litigation are often difficult to predict. We may not have adequate insurance coverage
or contractual protection to cover costs and liability in the event we are sued, and to the extent we resort to litigation to
enforce our rights, we may incur significant costs and ultimately be unsuccessful or unable to recover amounts that we believe are
owed to us. We may have little or no control of the timing of litigation, which presents challenges to our strategic planning. 

We are dependent on key personnel. 

Our executive and other senior officers have a
significant role in our success. Our ability to retain our management group or to attract suitable replacements should any members of
the management group leave depends on the competitive nature of the employment market. The loss of services from key members of the management
group or a limitation in their availability could adversely affect our financial condition and cash flow. Further, such a loss could be
negatively perceived in the capital markets. 

15 

Our company is a small-and mid-capitalization
company which presents challenges to our management team. 

Often
small- and mid-capitalization companies and the industries
in which they focus are still evolving and, as a result, they may be more sensitive to changing market conditions. As a result,
our management team will be learning as they proceed and may be forced to rely more heavily on the expertise of outside professionals
than they might otherwise, which in turn could lead to higher legal and accounting costs and possible securities law compliance issues. 

We have one stockholder that can single-handedly
control our company . 

Our largest stockholder is Gvest Real Estate Capital
LLC, an entity whose sole owner is Raymond M. Gee, our chairman and chief executive officer. At present, Mr. Gee beneficially owns approximately
68.79 of our total issued and outstanding Common Stock. Under Nevada law, this ownership position provides Mr. Gee with the almost unrestricted
ability to control the business, management and strategic direction of our company. If Mr. Gee chooses to exercise this control, his decisions
regarding our company could be detrimental to, or not in the best interests of our company and its other stockholders. 

We have identified material weaknesses in
our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to develop or maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not
be able to accurately report our financial results and prevent fraud. As a result, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence
in our financial statements, which would harm the trading price of our Common Stock. 

Companies that file reports with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, including us, are subject to the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or
SOX 404. SOX 404 requires management to establish and maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting and annual reports
on Form 10-K filed under the Exchange Act to contain a report from management assessing the effectiveness of a company s internal
control over financial reporting. Separately, under SOX 404, as amended by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
of 2010, public companies that are large accelerated filers or accelerated filers must include in their annual reports on Form 10-K an
attestation report of their regular auditors attesting to and reporting on management s assessment of internal control over financial
reporting. Non-accelerated filers and smaller reporting companies, like us, are not required to include an attestation report of their
auditors in annual reports. 

A report of our management is included under Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. We are a smaller reporting company and, consequently, are not required to include an attestation
report of our auditor in our annual report. However, when and if we become subject to the auditor attestation requirements under SOX 404,
we can provide no assurance that we will receive a positive attestation from our independent auditors. 

16 

During its evaluation of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, management identified material weaknesses. These material weaknesses
were associated with (i) our lack of proper segregation of duties due to the limited number of employees within the accounting department
and (ii) our lack of effective closing procedures. We are undertaking remedial measures, which measures will take time to implement and
test, to address these material weaknesses. There can be no assurance that such measures will be sufficient to remedy the material weaknesses
identified or that additional material weaknesses or other control or significant deficiencies will not be identified in the future.
If we continue to experience material weaknesses in our internal controls or fail to maintain or implement required new or improved controls,
such circumstances could cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations or result in material misstatements in our financial
statements, or adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and, if required, annual auditor attestation reports.
Each of the foregoing results could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and lead to a decline in
our stock price. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

Our Common Stock is eligible for quotation
on the Pink Market but few quotations have been made and limited trading has occurred in our Common Stock. Due to the lack of an active
trading market for our securities, you may have difficulty selling any shares you purchase, which could result in the loss of your investment. 

Our Common Stock is eligible for quotation on
the Pink Market operated by OTC Markets Group Inc. The Pink Market is a regulated quotation service that displays real-time quotes, last
sale prices and volume information in over-the-counter securities. The Pink Market is not an issuer listing service, market or exchange.
The requirements for quotation on the Pink Market are considerably lower and less regulated than those of an exchange. Because of this,
it is possible that fewer brokers or dealers will be interested in making a market in our Common Stock because the market for such securities
is more limited, the stocks are more volatile, and the risk to investors is greater, which may impact the liquidity of our Common Stock.
Even if an active market begins to develop in our Common Stock, the quotation of our Common Stock on the Pink Market may result in a
less liquid market available for existing and potential stockholders to trade Common Stock, could depress the trading price of our Common
Stock and could have a long-term adverse impact on our ability to raise capital in the future. If an active market is never developed
for our Common Stock, it will be difficult or impossible for you to sell any Common Stock you purchase. 

We cannot predict the extent to which an
active public trading market for our Common Stock will develop or be sustained. If an active public trading market does not develop or
cannot be sustained, you may be unable to liquidate your investment in our Common Stock. 

At present, there is minimal public trading in
our Common Stock. We cannot predict the extent to which an active public market for our Common Stock will develop or be sustained due
to a number of factors, including the fact that we are a small company that is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stock brokers, institutional
investors, and others in the investment community that generate or influence sales volume, and that even if we came to the attention
of such persons, they tend to be risk-averse and would be reluctant to follow an unproven company such as ours or purchase or recommend
the purchase of our shares of Common Stock until such time as we became more seasoned and viable. Consequently, there may be periods
of several days or more when trading activity in our shares is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a
large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on stock price. We
cannot give you any assurance that an active public trading market for our Common Stock will develop or be sustained. If such a market
cannot be sustained, you may be unable to liquidate your investment in our Common Stock. 

17 

Our
Common Stock may be subject to significant price volatility which may have an adverse effect on your ability to liquidate your investment
in our Common Stock. 

The
market for our Common Stock may be characterized by significant price volatility when compared to seasoned issuers, and we expect that
our stock price will be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. The potential volatility in our stock price is
attributable to a number of factors. First, our shares of Common Stock may be sporadically and/or thinly traded. As a consequence of
this lack of liquidity, the trading of relatively small quantities of shares by our stockholders may disproportionately influence the
price of those shares in either direction. The price for our shares could, for example, decline precipitously if a large number of our
shares of Common Stock are sold on the market without commensurate demand, as compared to a seasoned issuer that could better absorb
those sales without adverse impact on its stock price. Secondly, an investment in us is a speculative or risky investment
due to our lack of meaningful profits to date and uncertainty of future profits. As a consequence of this enhanced risk, more risk-adverse
investors may, under the fear of losing all or most of their investment in the event of negative news or lack of progress, be more inclined
to sell their shares on the market more quickly and at greater discounts than would be the case with the stock of a seasoned issuer. 

We
may be subject to penny stock regulations and restrictions, and you may have difficulty selling shares of our Common Stock. 

The
SEC has adopted regulations which generally define so-called penny stocks to be an equity security that has a market price
less than 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exemptions. Our Common Stock is a penny
stock and is subject to Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act. This rule imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers
that sell such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally, individuals
with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or annual incomes exceeding 200,000, or 300,000 together with their spouses). For transactions
covered by Rule 15g-9, a broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and have received the purchaser s
written consent to the transaction prior to sale. As a result, this rule may affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities
and may affect the ability of purchasers to sell any of our securities in the secondary market, thus possibly making it more difficult
for us to raise additional capital. 

For
any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require delivery, prior to any transaction in penny stock, of a disclosure
schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. Disclosure is also required to be made about sales commissions payable
to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally, monthly statements are
required to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market
in penny stock. 

There
can be no assurance that our Common stock will qualify for exemption from this rule. In any event, even if our Common Stock were exempt
from this rule, we would remain subject to Section 15(b)(6) of the Exchange Act, which gives the SEC the authority to restrict any person
from participating in a distribution of penny stock, if the SEC finds that such a restriction would be in the public interest. 

We
have never paid cash dividends on our Common Stock and do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 

We
have paid no cash dividends on our Common Stock to date, and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our Common Stock in the near
term. For the foreseeable future, we intend to retain any earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business, and we do
not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Common Stock. Accordingly, investors must be prepared to rely on sales of their Common
Stock after price appreciation to earn an investment return, which may never occur. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase
our Common Stock. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will
depend on our results of operations, financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other
factors our board deems relevant. 

Our
Preferred Stock have liquidation preferences senior to our Common Stock. 

Our
Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, which we refer to as our Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred
Stock, which we refer to as our Series B Preferred Stock, and Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, which we refer to as our
Series C Preferred Stock, have liquidation preferences that get paid prior to any payment on our Common Stock. As a result, if we were
to dissolve, liquidate, merge with another company or sell our assets, the holders of our Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred
Stock, and Series C Preferred Stock would have the right to receive up to approximately 39,650,767 as of December 31, 2022, plus any
unpaid dividends, before any amount is paid to the holders of our Common Stock. The payment of the liquidation preferences could result
in common stockholders not receiving any consideration if we were to liquidate, dissolve or wind up, either voluntarily or involuntarily.
The existence of the liquidation preferences may also reduce the value of our Common Stock, make it harder for us to sell shares of Common
Stock in offerings in the future, or prevent or delay a change of control. 

18 

We
may issue additional debt and equity securities that are senior to our Common Stock as to distributions and in liquidation, which could
materially adversely affect the value of the Common Stock. 

In
the future, we may attempt to increase our capital resources by entering into additional debt or debt-like financing that is secured
by all or up to all of our assets, or issuing debt or equity securities, which could include issuances of commercial paper, medium-term
notes, senior notes, subordinated notes or shares. In the event of our liquidation, our lenders and holders of our debt securities would
receive a distribution of our available assets before distributions to our stockholders. Any additional preferred securities, if issued
by our company, may have a preference with respect to distributions and upon liquidation that is senior to the preference of our Common
Stock, which could further limit our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Because our decision to incur debt and issue
securities in our future offerings will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate
the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings and debt financing. 

Further,
market conditions could require us to accept less favorable terms for the issuance of our securities in the future. Thus, you will bear
the risk of our future offerings reducing the value of your Common Stock. In addition, we can change our leverage strategy from time
to time without approval of holders of our Common Stock, which could materially adversely affect the value of our Common Stock. 

Our
articles of incorporation, bylaws and Nevada law have anti-takeover provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control,
which may cause our stock price to decline. 

Our
articles of incorporation, bylaws and Nevada law contain provisions which could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us,
even if closing such a transaction would be beneficial to our stockholders. We are currently authorized to issue up to 5,000,000 shares
of blank check Preferred Stock. This Preferred Stock may be issued in one or more series, the terms of which may be determined
at the time of issuance by our board of directors without further action by stockholders. The terms of any series of Preferred Stock
may include voting rights (including the right to vote as a series on particular matters), preferences as to dividend, liquidation, conversion
and redemption rights and sinking fund provisions. The issuance of any Preferred Stock could materially adversely affect the rights of
the holders of our Common Stock, and therefore, reduce the value of our Common Stock. For example, specific rights granted to future
holders of Preferred Stock could be used to restrict our ability to merge with, or sell our assets to, a third party and thereby preserve
control by current management. 

Provisions
of our articles of incorporation, bylaws and Nevada law also could have the effect of discouraging potential acquisition proposals or
making a tender offer or delaying or preventing a change in control, including changes a stockholder might consider favorable. Such provisions
may also prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our management. Specifically, our articles of incorporation,
bylaws and Nevada law, among other things, provide our board of directors with the ability to alter our bylaws without stockholder approval,
and provide that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by a majority of directors in office, although less than a quorum. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not
applicable. 

19 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we owned the following manufactured housing properties consisting of 2,579 total lots represented on the map below: 

Pecan
 Grove a 82 lot, all-age community situated on 10.71 acres and located in Charlotte, North Carolina. The average occupancy
 was 100 . 

Azalea Hills 
 a 39 lot, all-age community situated on 7.46 acres and located in Gastonia, North Carolina, a suburb of Charlotte, North
 Carolina. The average occupancy was 98 . 

Holly Faye 
 a 35 lot all-age community situated on 8.01 acres and located in Gastonia, North Carolina, a suburb of Charlotte North Carolina.
 The average occupancy was 99 . 

Lakeview 
 a 84 lot all-age community situated on 17.26 acres in Spartanburg, South Carolina. The average occupancy was 100 . 

Chatham Pines 
 a 49 lot all-age community situated on 23.57 acres and located in Chapel Hill, North Carolina. The average occupancy was
 100 . 

Maple Hills 
 a 74 lot all-age community situated on 21.20 acres and located in Mills River, North Carolina, which is part of the Asheville,
 North Carolina, Metropolitan Statistical Area. The average occupancy was 91 . 

Hunt Club Forest
 a 78 lot all-age community situated on 13.02 acres and located in the Columbia, South Carolina metro area. The average
 occupancy was 100 . 

B D 
 a 96 lot all-age community situated on 17.75 acres and located in Chester, South Carolina. The average occupancy was 84 . 

Crestview 
 a 113 lot all age community situated on 17.1 acres and located in the Asheville, North Carolina, Metropolitan Statistical Area. The
 average occupancy was 94 . 

Springlake 
 three all-age communities with 224 lots situated on 72.7 acres and located in Warner Robins, Georgia. The average occupancy was 95 . 

ARC 
 five all-age communities with 180 lots situated on 39.34 acres and located in Lexington, South Carolina. The average occupancy was
 87 . 

Countryside 
 a 110 lot all-age community situated on 35 acres and located in Lancaster, North Carolina. The average occupancy was 92 . 

20 

Evergreen 
 a 65 lot all-age community situated on 28.4 acres and located in Dandridge, Tennessee. The average occupancy was 97 

Golden Isles 
 a 107 lot all-age community situated on 16.76 acres and located in Brunswick, Georgia. The average occupancy was 72 . 

Anderson 
 nine all-age communities with 167 lots situated on 50 acres and located in Anderson, South Carolina. The average occupancy was 89 . 

Capital View 
 a 32 lot all-age community situated on 9.84 acres and located in Gaston, South Carolina. The average occupancy was 91 . 

Hidden Oaks 
 - a 44 lot all-age community situated on 8.96 acres and located in West Columbia, South Carolina. The average occupancy was 85 . 

North Raleigh 
 five all-age communities with 138 lots situated on 135 acres and located in Franklin and Granville Counties, North Carolina.
 The average occupancy was 93 . 

Dixie a
 37 lot all-age community situated on 3.43 acres and located in Kings Mountain, North Carolina. The average occupancy was 88 . 

Driftwood 
 a 26 lot all-age community situated on 34.92 acres and located in Charlotte, North Carolina. The average occupancy was 99 . 

Meadowbrook 
 a 94 lot all-age community situated on 40.1 acres and located in York, South Carolina. The average occupancy was 87 . 

Morganton 
 a 61 lot all-age community situated on 31.29 acres and located in Morganton, North Carolina. The average occupancy was 91 . 

Asheboro
 two all-age communities with 84 lots situated on 45.4 acres and located in Asheboro, North Carolina. The average
 occupancy was 92 . 

Sunnyland
 a 73 lot all-age community situated on 18.57 acres and an adjacent parcel of 15 acres of undeveloped land
 both located in Byron, Georgia. The average occupancy was 84 . 

Warrenville
 two all-age communities with 85 lots situated on 45 acres and located in Warrenville, South Carolina. The
 average occupancy was 79 . 

Lake
 Village (fka Spaulding) a 73 lot all-age community situated on 17 acres and located in Brunswick, Georgia.
 The average occupancy was 87 . 

Solid
 Rock a 39 lot all-age community situated on 11 acres and located in Leesville, South Carolina . The
 average occupancy was 79 . 

Red
 Fox (fka Clyde) a 52 lot all-age community situated on 9 acres and located in Clyde, North Carolina. The
 average occupancy was 90 . 

Statesville
 a 44 lot all age community situated on 12.86 acres and located in Statesville, North Carolina. The average
 occupancy was 95 . 

21 

Timberview 
 a 55 lot all age community situated on 50 acres and located in Trinity, North Carolina. The average occupancy was 94 . 

Northview 
 a 23 lot all age community situated on 3.75 acres and located in Thomasville, North Carolina. The average occupancy was 93 . 

Glynn
 Acres a 21 lot all age community situated on 2.9 acres and located in Brunswick, Georgia. The average occupancy
 was 94 . 

Cooley s
 (aka Wake Forest 2) a 44 lot all age community situated on 16 acres and located in Youngsville, North Carolina.
 The average occupancy was 95 . 

Country
 Road (aka Wake Forest 2) a 28 lot all age community situated on 27 acres and located in Franklinton, North Carolina.
 The average occupancy was 100 . 

Mobile
 Cottage a 23 lot all age community situated on 13 acres and located in Morganton, North Carolina. The average
 occupancy was 91 . 

The
average occupancy rates above represent an average of total monthly occupancy rates from January 1, 2022 (or date of acquisition) through
December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our total portfolio weighted average occupancy rate was 91 . We do not include
vacant, undeveloped lots in our average occupancy rate calculations above. When we infill vacant lots with new homes, the lots are counted
as vacant lots for purposes of our occupancy calculations until a certificate of occupancy is obtained from the local government and
the new home is occupiable by a tenant. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However,
litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm our business. We are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

22 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Information 

Our
Common Stock is eligible for quotation on the Pink Market under the symbol MHPC. The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the high and low closing prices of our Common Stock. These prices reflect inter-dealer prices, without retain mark-up
or commission, and may not represent actual transactions. 

Closing Prices 

High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021 

1 st Quarter 
 3.00 
 1.99 
 
 2 nd Quarter 
 3.00 
 2.25 
 
 3 rd Quarter 
 6.00 
 0.84 
 
 4 th Quarter 
 3.90 
 2.80 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

1 st Quarter 
 3.50 
 2.53 
 
 2 nd Quarter 
 4.49 
 1.85 
 
 3 rd Quarter 
 3.10 
 1.50 
 
 4 th Quarter 
 1.95 
 0.50 

Approximate
Number of Holders of Our Common Stock 

As
of March 28, 2023, there were approximately 50 registered holders of our Common Stock. In computing the number of holders of record of
our common shares, each broker-dealer and clearing corporation holding shares on behalf of its customers is counted as a single stockholder. 

Dividend
Policy 

Dividends
on our Series A Preferred Stock are cumulative and payable monthly in arrears to all holders of record on the applicable record date.
Holders of our Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive cumulative dividends in the amount of 0.017 per share each month, which
is equivalent to the rate of 8 of the 2.50 liquidation preference per share. Dividends on shares of our Series A Preferred Stock will
continue to accrue even if any of our agreements prohibit the current payment of dividends, or we do not have earnings. 

Dividends
on our Series B Preferred Stock are cumulative and payable monthly in arrears to all holders of record on the applicable record date.
Holders of our Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to receive cumulative dividends in the amount of 0.067 per share each month, which
is equivalent to the annual rate of 8 of the 10.00 liquidation preference per share; provided that upon an event of default (generally
defined as our failure to pay dividends when due or to redeem shares when requested by a holder), such amount shall be increased to 0.083
per month, which is equivalent to the annual rate of 10 of the 10.00 liquidation preference per share. Dividends on shares of our Series
B Preferred Stock will continue to accrue even if any of our agreements prohibit the current payment of dividends or we do not have earnings. 

Dividends
on our Series C Preferred Stock are cumulative and payable monthly in arrears to all holders of record on the applicable record date.
Holders of our Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to receive cumulative dividends in the amount of 5.83 per share each month, which
is equivalent to the annual rate of 7 of the 1,000.00 liquidation preference per share. Dividends on shares of our Series C Preferred
Stock will continue to accrue even if any of our agreements prohibit the current payment of dividends or we do not have earnings. 

23 

We
have never declared dividends or paid cash dividends on our Common Stock. Our board of directors will make any future decisions regarding
dividends. We currently intend to retain and use any future earnings for the development and expansion of our business and do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends in the near future. Our board of directors has complete discretion on whether to pay dividends. Even if our
board of directors decides to pay dividends, the form, frequency and amount will depend upon our future operations and earnings, capital
requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that the board of directors may deem
relevant. See also Item 1.A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock We have never paid cash dividends
on our Common Stock and do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

See
Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

We
have not sold any securities during the 2022 fiscal year that were not previously disclosed in a quarterly report on Form 10-Q or a current
report on Form 8-K that was filed during the 2022 fiscal year. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities 

We
did not repurchase any shares of our Common Stock during fiscal year 2022. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The
following management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations provides information that management
believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our plans and financial condition . The following selected financial
information is derived from our historical financial statements should be read in conjunction with such financial statements and notes
thereto set forth elsewhere herein and the Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements explanation included in the
 Introductory Notes above. 

Overview 

We
are a self-administered, self-managed, vertically integrated owner and operator of manufactured housing communities. We earn income from
(i) leasing manufactured home sites to tenants who own their own manufactured home and (ii) leasing manufactured homes owned by us to
residents of the communities. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we owned and operated 55 manufactured housing communities containing approximately 2,579 developed sites
and 1,394 company-owned manufactured homes. The communities are located in Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee. See
Item 2. Properties for a description of these manufactured housing communities. 

Recent
Developments 

Additional
Closings of Regulation A Offering 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, we sold an aggregate of 3,874 shares of Series C Preferred Stock in additional closings of this offering
for total gross proceeds of 3,874,500. After deducting a placement fee, we received net proceeds of approximately 3,613,371. 

Country
Aire Acquisition 

On
September 21, 2022, MHP Pursuits LLC, our wholly owned subsidiary, entered into a purchase and sale agreement with a third-party
for the purchase of a manufactured housing community located in Simpsonville, South Carolina, consisting of 107 sites all occupied
by tenant-owned manufactured homes on approximately 21 acres for a total purchase price of 5,350,000. On December 9, 2022,
MHP Pursuits LLC assigned its rights and obligations in the purchase agreement to Country Aire MHP LLC pursuant to an assignment of purchase
and sale agreement. On January 12, 2023, closing of the purchase agreement was completed and Country Aire MHP LLC purchased the community. 

24 

In
connection with the closing of the property, on January 12, 2023, Country Aire MHP LLC entered into a loan agreement with KeyBank National
Association, or KeyBank, for a loan in the principal amount of 3,500,000 and issued a promissory note to the lender for the same
amount. 

Interest
on the disbursed and unpaid principal balance accrues from the date funds are first disbursed at adjusted daily simple SOFR plus a margin
rate of 2.25 per annum, interest only until the initial maturity date of September 13, 2025. A twelve-month extension of the maturity
date is available which if exercised, the loan would amortize during this period. Country Aire MHP LLC may prepay the note in part or
in full prior to the maturity date subject to an exit fee as defined in the loan agreement. 

The
note is secured by a first priority security interest in the property and the note is guaranteed by Manufactured Housing Properties
Inc. and Raymond M. Gee. The loan agreement and note contain customary financial and other covenants and events of default for a loan
of its type. 

Merritt
Place Acquisition 

On October 20, 2022, MHP
Pursuits LLC, our wholly owned subsidiary, entered into a purchase and sale agreement with a third-party for the purchase of a manufactured
housing community located in Brunswick, Georgia, consisting of 40 developed sites, 14 sites to be developed by the seller,
and 24 homes on approximately 17.8 acres for a total purchase price of 2,400,000. On January 12, 2023, MHP Pursuits
LLC assigned its rights and obligations in the purchase agreement to Merritt Place MHP LLC pursuant to an assignment of purchase and
sale agreement. On January 27, 2023, closing of the purchase agreement was completed and Merritt Place MHP LLC purchased the land, land
improvements, and homes, further expanding our presence in the Brunswick market. 

In connection with the
acquisition of the property, on January 27, 2023, Merritt Place MHP LLC entered into a loan agreement with the seller, Merritt Place
Rentals LLC, for a loan in the principal amount of 300,000 and issued a promissory note to the lender for the same amount. The note
stipulates that Merritt Place will repay the note in full within 5 days of the seller-lender completing development of 14 additional
sites. Interest is not charged under this note. 

Also in connection with
the acquisition of the property, on January 27, 2023, Merritt Place MHP LLC entered into a loan agreement with PrimeSouth Bank, for a
loan in the principal amount of 1,680,000 and issued a promissory note to the lenders for the same amount. PrimeSouth Bank agreed
to advance an additional 240,000 to Merritt Place MHP LLC upon the completion of the development of the 14 additional lots. 

Interest on the disbursed
and unpaid principal balance accrues from the date funds are first disbursed at an initial variable rate of 8.00 per annum and thereafter
based on the daily Wall Street Journal Prime Rate plus a margin of 1.00 . Payments will be interest only until maturity on January 27,
2024. Merritt Place MHP LLC may prepay the PrimeSouth Bank note in part or in full subject to a penalty as defined in the loan agreement
and the note is guaranteed by Raymond M. Gee. 

Both notes are secured by first priority security
interests in the property. The loan agreement and notes contain customary financial and other covenants and events of default for real
estate loans. 

Impact
of Coronavirus Pandemic 

In
December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China. On March 11, 2020, the World Health
Organization declared the outbreak a pandemic, and on March 13, 2020, the United States declared a national emergency. 

Some
states and cities, including some where the Company s properties are located, reacted by instituting quarantines, restrictions
on travel, stay at home rules and restrictions on the types of businesses that may continue to operate and is what capacity,
as well as guidance in response to the pandemic and the need to contain it. 

The
rules and restrictions put in place have had a negative impact on the economy and business activity and may adversely impact the ability
of the Company s tenants, many of whom may be restricted in their ability to work, to pay their rent as and when due. 

The
extent to which the pandemic may impact the Company s results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain
and cannot be predicted as of the date of this report, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity of the pandemic and
steps taken to contain the pandemic or treat its impact, among others. Nevertheless, the pandemic and the current financial,
economic and capital markets environment present material uncertainty and risk with respect to the Company s performance, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. See also Item 1A. Risk Factors above. 

25 

Results
of Operations 

The
following table sets forth key components of our results of operations during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Year Ended December 31, 
 Increase (Decrease) 

2022 
 2021 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 
 Revenue 

Rental and related income 
 13,994,175 
 8,328,294 
 5,665,881 
 68.03 
 
 Gross revenues from home sales 
 208,098 
 87,744 
 120,354 
 137.16 
 
 Total revenues 
 14,202,273 
 8,416,038 
 5,786,235 
 68.75 
 
 Community operating expenses 

Repair and maintenance 
 1,107,449 
 529,899 
 577,550 
 108.99 
 
 Real estate taxes 
 783,049 
 463,148 
 319,901 
 69.07 
 
 Utilities 
 1,025,028 
 691,830 
 333,198 
 48.16 
 
 Insurance 
 326,840 
 125,159 
 201,681 
 161.14 
 
 General and administrative expense 
 1,952,308 
 821,234 
 1,131,074 
 137.73 
 
 Total community operating expenses 
 5,194,674 
 2,631,270 
 2,563,404 
 97.42 
 
 Corporate payroll and overhead 
 5,053,771 
 3,013,810 
 2,039,961 
 67.69 
 
 Depreciation expense 
 3,441,413 
 2,060,882 
 1,380,531 
 66.99 
 
 Interest expense 
 5,525,839 
 2,243,876 
 3,281,963 
 146.26 
 
 Refinancing costs 
 3,620,422 
 110,691 
 3,509,731 
 3,170.75 
 
 Cost of home sales 
 269,572 
 53,761 
 215,811 
 401.43 
 
 Total expenses 
 23,105,691 
 10,114,290 
 12,991,401 
 128.45 
 
 Other income 
 500 
 139,300 
 (138,800 
 (99.64 
 
 Gain on sale of community 
 102,665 
 - 
 102,665 
 100.00 
 
 Net loss 
 (8,800,253 
 (1,558,952 
 (7,241,301 
 464.50 
 
 Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Variable interest entity share of net loss 
 (952,588 
 (460,609 
 (491,979 
 106.81 
 
 Net loss attributable to our company 
 (7,847,665 
 (1,098,343 
 (6,749,322 
 614.50 
 
 Preferred stock dividends and put option value accretion 
 2,160,424 
 2,175,472 
 (15,048 
 (0.69 
 
 Net loss attributable to common stockholders 
 (10,008,089 
 (3,273,815 
 (6,734,274 
 205.70 

26 

Revenues .
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we earned total revenues of 14,202,273, as compared to 8,416,038 for the year ended December
31, 2021, an increase of 5,786,235, or 68.75 . The increase was primarily due to 1,415,218 of rental income from the acquisition of
13 manufactured housing communities during 2022 and a complete year of rental income related to 24 communities acquired
during 2021 which exceeded revenue recognized for the same communities during 2021 by 3,678,691. The remaining increase was due to rental
rate increases. 

Community
Operating Expenses . For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred total community operating expenses of 5,194,674, as compared
to 2,631,270 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 2,563,404, or 97.42 . The increase in community operating expenses
was primarily associated with the 37 properties acquired during 2022 and 2021, including additional repairs and maintenance,
insurance, utilities, and real estate tax expenses and we hired additional on-site maintenance staff at several of our new parks to increase
efficiencies and decrease contract labor costs. Community operating expenses as a percentage of revenues were 36.58 and 31.26 during
2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Corporate
Payroll and Overhead Expenses . For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred corporate payroll and overhead expenses of 5,053,771,
as compared to 3,013,810 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 2,039,961, or 67.69 . This increase was primarily due
to payroll related expenses including additional corporate salaries and benefits expense of 1,034,997, one-time bonuses and recruiter
service fees of 119,000 related to new hires, one-time separation payments of approximately 226,000, and an increase in stock compensation
expense of 104,276 due to issuance of stock options to officers hired to support our growth. The increase in corporate overhead
expenses was also due to approximately 160,000 of additional marketing and travel expenses and 191,000 of pursuit costs written off
during 2022 in relation to abandoned potential acquisitions and development deals. Corporate payroll and overhead expenses as a percentage
of revenue were 35.58 and 35.81 during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Depreciation
Expense. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded depreciation expense of 3,441,413, as compared to 2,060,882 for
the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 1,380,531, or 66.99 . The increase in depreciation was driven by 1,246,616 related
to the assets acquired in 37 manufactured housing communities during 2021 and 2022. The remaining increase was due to depreciation
of capital improvement projects completed and placed into service during the year ended December 31, 2022, such as home renovations and
new home installations. 

Interest
Expense . For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred interest expense of 5,525,839, as compared to 2,243,876 for the
year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 3,281,963, or 146.26 . The increase was primarily related to the increase in interest expense
of 1,235,747 on additional debt incurred to acquire new properties in 2022 and a full year of interest related to 2021 acquisition debt,
 371,139 of additional interest on related party debt, an increase in amortization of debt issuance costs of 439,758, and an increase
of 788,141 in dividends to series C preferred stockholders, which are included in interest expense given the liability treatment of
the mandatorily redeemable Series C Preferred Stock. Interest expense as a percentage of revenues was 38.91 and 26.66 during 2022 and
2021, respectively. 

Refinancing
Costs . For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred refinancing costs of 3,620,422, as compared to 110,691 for the year
ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 3,509,731, or 3,170.75 , primarily driven by a non-recurring major portfolio refinance on September
1, 2022 through KeyBank and Fannie Mae, which refinanced most of the outstanding debt in our portfolio for a total new principal balance
of 62,000,000. We incurred refinancing expense of 3,604,672 in connection with the debt we extinguished including write-off of net
unamortized debt issuance costs totaling 2,203,841, prepayment penalties of 1,385,596, and other fees of 15,235. 

Cost
of Home Sales. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we received proceeds of 208,098 from the sale of 26 manufactured
homes to our tenants and wrote off cost basis of 269,572 in connection with the sale of these assets. For the year ended December 31,
2021, we received proceeds of 87,744 from the sale of 16 manufactured homes to our tenants and wrote off cost basis of 53,761
in connection with the sale of these assets. 

Other
Income. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized other income of 500, which represented miscellaneous non-operating
fees compared to 139,300 for the year ended December 31, 2021, which represented the forgiveness of our Paycheck Protection Program
loan by the Small Business Administration in June 2021. 

Gain
on Sale of Community. We sold the Chambert Forest community within our Anderson portfolio consisting of 11 sites and homes during
the year ended December 31, 2022 for gross proceeds of 250,000 and recognized a net gain on sale of 102,655. We did not sell any of
our communities during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Net
Loss . The factors described above resulted in a net loss of 8,800,253 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to a
net loss of 1,558,952 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 7,241,301, or 464.50 , inclusive of 3,604,672 non-recurring
refinancing costs related to KeyBank portfolio refinance. 

27 

Liquidity

The
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with GAAP, which contemplate continuation of our company as a going
concern. We have incurred net losses each year since inception and have experienced slightly negative cash flows from operations during
the year ended December 31, 2022. The portfolio refinance with KeyBank drove the large net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022,
which is a non-recurring cost going forward. Additionally, we are in an acquisitive, growth stage whereby we have doubled the number
of home sites in our portfolio of manufactured housing communities over the past two years. We acquire communities and invest in physical
improvements, implement operational efficiencies to cut costs, work to improve occupancy and collections, and increase rents based on
each respective market all to stabilize the acquired communities to their full potential. We increased the number of home sites in our
portfolio by 27 over the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, which are still stabilizing. We have incurred additional corporate
payroll and overhead and interest expense in order to accomplish such growth which has driven losses and used operating cash flow. 

Our
principal demands for cash are operating and administrative expenses, dividends on our preferred stock, debt service payments, capital
expenditures to improve the properties within our portfolio, and community acquisitions. We expect to fund our operating cash requirements
over the next year through a combination of cash on hand, net cash provided by our property operations, and if necessary, borrowings
from our related party lines of credit available for working capital or other cash flow needs. Additionally, proceeds from the KeyBank
portfolio refinance were used to pay off debt attached to a significant percentage of our Company owned manufactured homes which are
now unencumbered and can be sold to generate liquidity, if needed. 

Our
continued growth depends on the availability of suitable properties which meet our investment criteria and appropriate financing, which
includes our ability to raise capital. There is no guarantee that any of these additional opportunities will materialize or that we will
be able to take advantage of such opportunities. There can be no assurance that financing will be available in amounts or terms acceptable
to us, if at all. Proceeds from issuance of Series C Preferred Stock and cash held in escrow with our lenders will fund our capital
improvement projects and acquisitions. To the extent that funds or appropriate communities are not available, fewer acquisitions and
capital improvements will be made. 

Summary
of Cash Flow 

The
following table provides detailed information about our net cash flow for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Cash
Flow 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 (59,793 
 2,178,247 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (10,897,267 
 (9,037,451 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 19,256,346 
 6,976,676 
 
 Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 8,299,286 
 117,472 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year 
 2,106,329 
 1,988,857 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 
 10,405,615 
 2,106,329 

Net cash used in operating activities was 59,793
for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2,178,247 net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December
31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the net loss of 8,800,253, offset in part by non-cash depreciation expense of 3,441,413
and amortization of debt issuance costs of 669,931 and write-off of net unamortized debt issuance costs totaling 2,219,591 upon refinance
were primary drivers of the net cash used in operating activities. Additionally, prepayment penalties and other fees of 1,400,831 paid
to prior lenders upon refinance of the majority of our loans that is included in net loss is added back to net loss to present as a financing
activity. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the net loss of 1,558,952, offset by depreciation in the amount of 2,060,882, increase
in accrued liabilities of 747,559, increase in tenant security deposits of 366,043, and increase in accounts payable of 241,869 were
the primary drivers of the net cash provided by operating activities. 

28 

Net
cash used in investing activities was 10,897,267 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 9,037,451 for the year ended
December 31, 2021. Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of purchases of investment properties
in the amount of 7,856,769 and 615,823 paid for acquisition costs and advanced pursuit costs and deposits for potential deals of 343,678,
as well as capital improvements of 2,289,095, offset by proceeds from sales of homes of 208,098. Net cash used in investing activities for
the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of purchases of investment properties in the amount of 6,617,000 and 481,781 paid for acquisition
costs, as well as capital improvements of 2,026,414 and proceeds from sales of homes of 87,744. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 19,256,346 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 6,976,676 for the year ended
December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities consisted primarily of proceeds received
from refinanced notes payable and lines of credit of 67,086,313, proceeds from issuance of preferred stock of 15,849,602, proceeds
from related party debt of 4,700,000, offset by repayment of notes payable upon refinance of 52,774,771, repayment of VIE lines of
credit upon refinance of 3,085,607, repayment of related party debt of 4,350,000, repayment of notes payable of 518,622, repayment
of VIE lines of credit of 203,919, payment of mortgage costs and financing costs recorded as debt discount of 4,615,257, payment of
prepayment penalties totaling 1,400,831 to old lenders upon refinance of the majority of loans in our portfolio, and preferred stock
dividends of 976,897. For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities consisted primarily of proceeds
from issuance of preferred stock of 6,821,884, proceeds from refinanced notes payable and lines of credit in the amount of 6,746,731,
proceeds from related party debt of 1,650,000, and proceeds from VIE lines of credit of 1,000,000, offset by repayment of notes payable
upon refinance of 4,309,272, repayment of VIE lines of credit upon refinance of 1,676,634, capitalized debt issuance costs of 1,526,376,
preferred stock dividends of 964,167, and repayment of notes payable of 599,896. 

Regulation
A Offering 

On
June 11, 2021, we launched a new offering under Regulation A of Section 3(6) of the Securities Act for Tier 2 offerings, pursuant to
which we are offering up to 47,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock at an offering price of 1,000 per share for a maximum offering
amount of 47 million. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold an aggregate of 15,849.6 shares of Series C Preferred Stock for total gross proceeds
of 15,849,602. After deducting a placement fee and broker dealer commissions, we received net proceeds of 14,786,508. In addition
to the placement fee and broker dealer commissions, we capitalized an additional 91,886 of other issuance costs associated with the
offering which, net of amortization expense, offset with the net proceeds on the balance sheet. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold an aggregate of 5,734.4 shares of Series C Preferred Stock for total gross proceeds
of 5,734,400. After deducting a placement fee and broker dealer commissions, we received net proceeds of 5,345,207. In addition
to the placement fee and broker dealer commissions, we capitalized an additional 159,515 of issuance costs associated with the offering
which, net of amortization expense, offset with the net proceeds on the balance sheet. 

Promissory
Notes 

We
have issued promissory notes payable to lenders related to the acquisition of its manufactured housing communities. The interest rates
on outstanding promissory notes range from 4 to 7.39 with 5 to 30 years principal amortization. The promissory
notes are secured by the real estate assets and 31 loans totaling 75,583,029 are guaranteed by Raymond M. Gee, our chairman
and chief executive officer. 

On
September 1, 2022, we entered into 23 loan agreements with KeyBank and Fannie Mae for a total principal balance of 62,000,000.
The loan proceeds were primarily used to pay off third party notes and line of credit with various other lenders totaling approximately
 54,000,000, promissory note issued to Metrolina Loan Holdings, LLC for 1,500,000 and a revolving promissory note issued to Gvest Real
Estates Capital LLC for 2,000,000. KeyBank withheld approximately 4,000,000 in escrow for planned capital projects to improve the financed
communities which is included in restricted cash. We recognized refinancing expense of 3,604,672 in connection with the debt we extinguished
including write-off of net unamortized debt issuance costs totaling 2,203,841, prepayment penalties of 1,385,596, and other fees of
 15,234. The new loans with KeyBank are interest-only at 4.87 for the first 60 months of the term with principal and interest payments
continuing thereafter until maturity on September 1, 2032. We may prepay the notes in part or in full subject to prepayment penalties
if repaid before May 31, 2032, and without penalty if repaid on or subsequent to that date. The loans are secured by the real estate,
which predominately excludes mobile homes, and are guaranteed by our company and Raymond M. Gee. We capitalized 2,842,213 of debt issuance
costs in connection with this refinancing including a 1,000,000 accrued guaranty fee owed to Raymond M. Gee to be paid at a later date. 

29 

As
of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance on all third-party promissory notes was 79,550,080. The following are the terms of these
notes: 

Maturity Date 
 Interest Rate 
 Interest Only Period (Months) 
 Balance 12/31/22 
 Balance 12/31/21 
 
 Pecan Grove MHP LLC 
 02/22/29 
 5.250 
 - 
 - 
 2,969,250 
 
 Pecan Grove MHP LLC - KeyBank 
 09/01/32 
 4.870 
 60 
 4,489,000 
 - 
 
 Azalea MHP LLC 
 03/01/29 
 5.400 
 - 
 
 790,481 
 
 Azalea MHP LLC - KeyBank 
 09/01/32 
 4.870 
 60 
 1,830,000 
 - 
 
 Holly Faye MHP LLC 
 03/01/29 
 5.400 
 - 
 
 579,825 
 
 Holly Faye MHP LLC - KeyBank 
 09/01/32 
 4.870 
 60 
 1,608,000 
 - 
 
 Chatham MHP LLC 
 04/01/24 
 5.875 
 - 
 
 1,698,800 
 
 Chatham MHP LLC - KeyBank 
 09/01/32 
 4.870 
 60 
 2,263,000 
 - 
 
 Lakeview MHP LLC 
 03/01/29 
 5.400 
 - 
 
 1,805,569 
 
 Lakeview MHP LLC - KeyBank 
 09/01/32 
 4.870 
 60 
 3,229,000 
 - 
 
 B D MHP LLC 
 05/02/29 
 5.500 
 - 
 
 1,779,439 
 
 B D MHP LLC - KeyBank 
 09/01/32 
 4.870 
 60 
 2,887,000 
 - 
 
 Hunt Club MHP LLC 
 01/01/33 
 3.430 
 - 
 
 2,398,689 
 
 Hunt Club MHP LLC - KeyBank 
 09/01/32 
 4.870 
 60 
 2,756,000 
 - 
 
 Crestview MHP LLC 
 12/31/30 
 3.250 
 - 
 
 4,682,508 
 
 Crestview MHP LLC - KeyBank 
 09/01/32 
 4.870 
 60 
 4,625,000 
 - 
 
 Maple Hills MHP LLC 
 12/01/30 
 3.250 
 - 
 
 2,341,254 
 
 Maple Hills MHP LLC - KeyBank 
 09/01/32 
 4.870 
 60 
 2,570,000 
 - 
 
 Springlake MHP LLC 
 12/10/26 
 4.750 
 12 
 
 4,016,250 
 
 Springlake MHP LLC - KeyBank 
 09/01/32 
 4.870 
 60 
 6,590,000 
 - 
 
 ARC MHP LLC 
 01/01/30 
 5.500 
 - 
 
 3,809,742 
 
 ARC MHP LLC - KeyBank 
 09/01/32 
 4.870 
 60 
 3,687,000 
 - 
 
 Countryside MHP LLC 
 03/20/50 
 5.500 
 12 
 
 1,684,100 
 
 Countryside MHP LLC - KeyBank 
 09/01/32 
 4.870 
 60 
 4,343,000 
 - 
 
 Evergreen MHP LLC 
 04/01/32 
 3.990 
 - 
 
 1,115,261 
 
 Evergreen MHP LLC - KeyBank 
 09/01/32 
 4.870 
 60 
 2,604,000 
 - 
 
 Golden Isles MHP LLC 
 03/31/26 
 4.000 
 - 
 
 787,500 
 
 Golden Isles MHP LLC - KeyBank 
 09/01/32 
 4.870 
 60 
 1,987,000 
 - 
 
 Anderson MHP LLC 
 07/10/26 
 5.210 
 24 
 
 2,153,807 
 
 Anderson MHP LLC - KeyBank 
 09/01/32 
 4.870 
 60 
 5,118,000 
 - 
 
 Capital View MHP LLC 
 09/10/26 
 5.390 
 24 
 
 817,064 
 
 Capital View MHP LLC - KeyBank 
 09/01/32 
 4.870 
 60 
 829,000 
 - 
 
 Hidden Oaks MHP LLC 
 09/10/26 
 5.330 
 24 
 
 823,440 
 
 Hidden Oaks MHP LLC - KeyBank 
 09/01/32 
 4.870 
 60 
 764,000 
 - 
 
 North Raleigh MHP LLC 
 11/01/26 
 4.750 
 - 
 
 5,304,409 
 
 North Raleigh MHP LLC - KeyBank 
 09/01/32 
 4.870 
 60 
 5,279,000 
 - 
 
 Charlotte
 3 Park MHP LLC (Dixie, Driftwood, Meadowbrook) (1) 
 03/01/22 
 5.000 
 2 
 - 
 1,500,000 
 
 Charlotte
 3 Park MHP LLC (Dixie, Driftwood, Meadowbrook) (2) 
 11/01/28 
 4.250 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Charlotte 3 Park MHP LLC (Dixie) KeyBank 
 09/01/32 
 4.870 
 60 
 485,000 
 - 
 
 Charlotte 3 Park MHP LLC (Driftwood) - KeyBank 
 09/01/32 
 4.870 
 60 
 274,000 
 - 
 
 Carolinas 4 MHP LLC (Asheboro, Morganton) 
 01/10/27 
 5.300 
 36 
 - 
 3,105,070 
 
 Carolinas 4 MHP LLC (Asheboro) - KeyBank 
 09/01/32 
 4.870 
 60 
 1,374,000 
 - 
 
 Carolinas 4 MHP LLC (Morganton) - KeyBank 
 09/01/32 
 4.870 
 60 
 1,352,000 
 - 
 
 Sunnyland
 MHP LLC (2) 
 02/10/27 
 5.370 
 36 
 - 
 - 
 
 Sunnyland MHP LLC - KeyBank 
 09/01/32 
 4.870 
 60 
 1,057,000 
 - 
 
 Warrenville MHP LLC 
 03/10/27 
 5.590 
 36 
 1,218,870 
 - 
 
 Spaulding MHP LLC 
 07/22/43 
 WSJ
 Prime +1 
 12 
 1,600,000 
 - 
 
 Solid Rock MHP LLC 
 06/30/32 
 5.000 
 12 
 925,000 
 - 
 
 Red Fox MHP LLC 
 08/01/32 
 5.250 
 24 
 2,250,000 
 - 
 
 Statesville MHP LLC 
 09/13/25 
 SOFR
 +2.35 
 36 
 1,519,925 
 - 
 
 Timberview MHP LLC 
 09/13/25 
 SOFR
 +2.35 
 36 
 1,418,075 
 - 
 
 Northview MHP LLC - land (Seller Finance) 
 09/15/27 
 6.000 
 60 
 792,654 
 - 
 
 Statesville, Northview, and Timberview MHP LLC - homes
 (Seller Finance) 
 09/15/27 
 6.000 
 60 
 407,345 
 - 
 
 Glynn Acres MHP LLC 
 11/01/42 
 6.000 
 - 
 898,052 
 - 
 
 Wake Forest MHP LLC (Cooley s, Country Road) 
 12/10/27 
 7.390 
 36 
 3,038,914 
 - 
 
 Mobile Cottage MHP LLC 
 12/20/27 
 5.000 
 30 
 400,000 
 - 
 
 Gvest Finance LLC (B D homes) 
 05/01/24 
 5.000 
 - 
 614,809 
 657,357 
 
 Gvest Finance LLC (Countryside homes) 
 03/20/50 
 5.500 
 - 
 - 
 1,287,843 
 
 Gvest Finance LLC (Golden Isles homes) 
 03/31/31 
 4.000 
 120 
 684,220 
 787,500 
 
 Gvest Anderson Homes LLC 
 07/10/26 
 5.210 
 24 
 - 
 2,006,193 
 
 Gvest Capital View Homes LLC 
 09/10/26 
 5.390 
 24 
 - 
 342,936 
 
 Gvest Hidden Oaks Homes LLC 
 09/10/26 
 5.330 
 24 
 - 
 416,560 
 
 Gvest Carolinas 4 Homes LLC (Asheboro, Morganton) 
 01/10/27 
 5.300 
 36 
 - 
 1,294,930 
 
 Gvest
 Sunnyland Homes LLC (2) 
 02/10/27 
 5.370 
 36 
 - 
 - 
 
 Gvest Warrenville Homes LLC 
 03/10/27 
 5.590 
 36 
 1,221,130 
 - 
 
 Gvest Wake Forest 2 Homes LLC (Cooley s,
 Country Road homes) 
 12/10/27 
 7.390 
 36 
 561,086 
 - 
 
 Total Notes
 Payable 

79,550,080 
 50,955,777 
 
 Discount Direct Lender Fees 

(3,666,214 
 (2,064,294 
 
 Total Net of Discount 

75,883,866 
 48,891,483 

(1) 
 We repaid the Charlotte
 3 Park MHP LLC note payable of 1,500,000 on March 1, 2022 and recognized refinancing cost expense totaling 15,751. This community
 was refinanced on April 14, 2022 with a different lender and the Company capitalized 258,023 of debt issuance costs related to the
 new note. 

(2) 
 We entered into and paid
 off these promissory notes within the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
 notes indicated above are subject to certain financial covenants. 

30 

Lines
of Credit Variable Interest Entities 

Facility 
 Borrower 
 Community 
 Maturity Date 
 Interest Rate 
 Maximum Credit Limit 
 Balance December 31, 
 2022 
 Balance December 31, 
 2021 
 
 Occupied
 Home Facility (1) 
 Gvest Homes I LLC 
 ARC, Crestview, Maple 
 01/01/30 
 8.375 
 20,000,000 
 2,424,896 
 2,517,620 
 
 Multi-Community Rental Home
 Facility 
 Gvest Finance LLC 
 ARC, Golden Isles, Springlake 
 Various (3) 
 Greater of 3.25 or Prime, + 375 bps 
 5,000,000 
 2,561,380 
 838,000 
 
 Multi-Community
 Floorplan Home Facility (1)(2) 
 Gvest Finance LLC 
 Golden Isles, Springlake, Sunnyland, Crestview 
 Various (3) 
 LIBOR + 6 8 based on days outstanding 
 4,000,000 
 1,383,043 
 1,104,255 
 
 Springlake
 Home Facility (2) 
 Gvest Finance LLC 
 Springlake 
 12/10/26 
 6.75 
 3,300,000 
 - 
 1,892,481 
 
 Total Lines of
 Credit VIEs 

6,369,319 
 6,352,356 
 
 Discount Direct
 Lender Fees 

(160,372 
 (151,749 
 
 Total
 Net of Discount 

6,208,947 
 6,200,607 

(1) 
 During the year ended December
 31, 2022, Gvest Homes I LLC drew down 19,145 related to the Occupied Home Facility and 1,675,735 related to the Multi-Community
 Floorplan Home Facility and 791,867 was transferred from the Multi-Community Floorplan Home Facility to the Multi-Community Rental
 Home Facility as the homes became occupied as rental units. Payments on the Multi-Community Floorplan Home Facility advances are
 interest only until each advance is paid off or transferred to the Multi-Community Rental Home Facility. 

(2) 
 Payments on the Springlake
 Home Facility were interest only for the first six months. During the first quarter of 2022, Gvest Finance LLC drew down 596,563
 related to the Springlake Home Facility and used the proceeds to pay down the same amount on the Multi-Community Floorplan Home Facility
 so that all homes at Springlake were financed by one lender. On September 1, 2022, in connection with KeyBank refinancing, we repaid
 the outstanding balance of this facility on behalf of Gvest Finance LLC. During the fourth quarter of 2022, Gvest Finance LLC refinanced
 many of the Springlake homes adding 1,014,750 to the Muti-Community Rental Home Facility and used the proceeds to repay our company. 

(3) 
 The maturity date of the
 of the Multi-Community Floorplan and Rental Lines of Credit will vary based on each statement of financial transaction, a report
 identifying the funded homes and the applicable financial terms. 

The
agreements for each of the above line of credit facilities require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or other affirmative and
negative covenants. All the above line of credit facilities are guaranteed by Raymond M. Gee. 

NAV
Real Estate, LLC Promissory Note 

On
June 29, 2022, we issued a revolving promissory note to NAV RE, LLC, an entity whose owners are Adam Martin, our chief investment officer,
and his spouse pursuant to which we may borrow up to 2,000,000 on a revolving basis for working capital or acquisition purposes.
On the same date, we borrowed 2,000,000. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance on this note was 2,000,000. This
note has a five-year term and is interest-only based on an 15 annual rate through the maturity date and is unsecured. During the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest expense totaled 154,167 and 0, respectively. 

31 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in
accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of our consolidated financial statements. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Critical accounting
policies are defined as those that involve significant judgment and potentially could result in materially different results under different
assumptions and conditions. Management believes the following critical accounting policies are affected by our more significant judgments
and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 

Revenue
Recognition . Rental and related income is generated from lease agreements for our sites and homes. The lease component
of these agreements is accounted for under Topic 842 of the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, Accounting Standards Codification,
or ASC, for leases. 

Under
ASC 842, we must assess on an individual lease basis whether it is probable that we will collect the future lease payments. We consider
the tenant s payment history and current credit status when assessing collectability. When collectability is not deemed probable,
we will write-off the tenant s receivables, including straight-line rent receivable, and limit lease income to cash received. 

Our
revenues primarily consist of rental revenues and other rental related fee income. We have the following revenue sources and revenue
recognition policies: 

Rental revenues include
 revenues from the leasing of land lot or a combination of both, the mobile home and land at our properties to tenants. 

Revenues from the leasing
 of land lot or a combination of both, the mobile home and land at our properties to tenants include (i) lease components, including
 land lot or a combination of both, the mobile home and land, and (ii) reimbursement of utilities and account for the components as
 a single lease component in accordance with ASC 842. 

Revenues derived from fixed
 lease payments are recognized on a straight-line basis over the non-cancelable period of the lease. We commence rental revenue recognition
 when the underlying asset is available for use by the lessee. Revenue derived from the reimbursement of utilities are generally recognized
 in the same period as the related expenses are incurred. The majority of our leases are month-to-month. 

Revenue
from sales of manufactured homes is recognized in accordance with the core principle of ASC 606, at the time of closing when control
of the home transfers to the customer. After closing of the sale transaction, we generally have no remaining performance obligation. 

Leases.
 Rental revenue is generated from lease agreements with tenants for lease of our sites and manufactured homes where we are the
lessor. The terms of these leases are generally annual or month-to-month and are renewable upon the consent of both parties and contain
no option to purchase the underlying asset. Therefore, these leases are accounted for as operating leases in accordance with ASC 842. 

We
are the lessee in a lease agreement for our corporate office space with a related party entity owned and controlled by Raymond M. Gee,
our CEO and chairman. The lease term for our office is month-to-month, the lease is terminable by either party if written, thirty-day
notice is given, and the lease contains no option to purchase the facility. This lease is accounted for as an operating lease. Pursuant
to ASC 842-20-25-2, we as the lessee, have elected the short-term lease measurement exception whereby lease expense is recognized on
a straight-line basis over the term of the lease with no right-of-use asset or lease liability recognized on the consolidated balance
sheet. 

32 

Acquisitions .
We account for acquisitions as asset acquisitions in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations, and allocate the purchase
price of the property based upon the fair value of the assets acquired, which generally consist of land, site and land improvements,
buildings and improvements and rental homes. We allocate the purchase price of an acquired property generally determined by a third-party
purchase price allocation report obtained in conjunction with the purchase based on appraisals. 

Debt
Issuance Costs. Costs incurred in connection with obtaining financing are deferred and amortized on a straight-line basis over
the term of the related obligation with the amortization included as a component of interest expense in the statement of operations.
The unamortized balance of the debt issuance costs is presented in the consolidated balance sheet as direct reduction from the carrying
amount of the debt. Upon prepayment, refinance, or substantial modification of a debt obligation, the related unamortized costs are written
off to expense. 

Investment
Property and Depreciation . Investment real property and equipment are carried at cost. Depreciation of buildings, improvements
to sites and buildings, rental homes, equipment, and vehicles is computed principally on the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives of the assets (ranging from 3 to 25 years). Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred
and improvements are capitalized. We use our professional judgement in determining whether such costs meet the criteria for capitalization
or must be expensed as incurred. The costs and related accumulated depreciation of property sold or otherwise disposed of are removed
from the financial statement and any gain or loss is reflected in the current period s results of operations. For development and
expansion projects, we capitalize direct project costs, such as construction, architectural and legal, as well as indirect project costs
such as interest. Land development costs are not depreciated until they are put in use, at which time they are capitalized as land improvements. 

Impairment
Policy . We apply FASB ASC 360-10, Property, Plant Equipment, to measure impairment in real estate investments.
Rental properties are individually evaluated for impairment when conditions exist which may indicate that it is probable that the sum
of expected future cash flows (on an undiscounted basis without interest) from a rental property is less than the carrying value under
its historical net cost basis. These expected future cash flows consider factors such as future operating income, trends and prospects
as well as the effects of leasing demand, competition and other factors. Upon determination that a permanent impairment has occurred,
rental properties are reduced to their fair value. For properties to be disposed of, an impairment loss is recognized when the fair value
of the property, less the estimated cost to sell, is less than the carrying amount of the property measured at the time there is a commitment
to sell the property and/or it is actively being marketed for sale. A property to be disposed of is reported at the lower of its carrying
amount or its estimated fair value, less its cost to sell. Subsequent to the date that a property is held for disposition, depreciation
expense is not recorded. There was no impairment during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Variable
Interest Entities . In December 2020, we entered into a property management agreement with Gvest Finance LLC, a company owned
and controlled by our parent company, Gvest Real Estate Capital LLC, an entity whose sole owner is Raymond M. Gee, our chairman and chief
executive officer, and has subsequently entered into property management agreements with Gvest Homes I LLC, Gvest Anderson Homes LLC,
Gvest Capital View Homes LLC, Gvest Hidden Oaks Homes LLC, Gvest Springlake Homes LLC, Gvest Carolinas 4 Homes LLC, Gvest Sunnyland Homes
LLC, Gvest Warrenville Homes LLC and Gvest Wake Forest 2 Homes LLC, which are all wholly owned subsidiaries of Gvest Finance LLC. Under
the property management agreements, the Company manages the homes owned by the VIEs and the VIEs remit to us all income, less any sums
paid out for operational expenses and debt service but retain 5 of the debt service payment as a reserve. 

Additionally, during 2021, we formed two entities,
Brainerd Place LLC and Bull Creek LLC, for the purpose of exploring opportunities to develop mobile home communities. We own 49 
of these entities and Gvest Real Estate LLC, an entity whose sole owner is Raymond M. Gee, owns 51 . We also executed operating
agreements with these entities which designate Gvest Capital Management LLC, a company owned and controlled by Gvest Real Estate Capital
LLC, as manager with the authority, power, and discretion to manage and control the entities business decisions. The operating
agreements require us to make cash contributions to the entities to fund their activities, operations, and existence, if we approve the
contribution requests from the manager. This ultimately provides our company with power to direct the economically significant activities
of these entities. 

A company with interests in a VIE must consolidate
the entity if the company is deemed to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE; that is, if it has both (1) the power to direct the
economically significant activities of the entity and (2) the obligation to absorb losses of, or the right to receive benefits from,
the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE. Such a determination requires management to evaluate circumstances and relationships
that may be difficult to understand and to make a significant judgment, and to repeat the evaluation at each subsequent reporting date.
Primarily due to our common ownership by Mr. Gee, our power to direct the activities of these entities that most significantly impact
their economic performance, and the fact that we have the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from these entities
that could potentially be significant to these entities, the entities listed above are considered to be VIEs in accordance with applicable
GAAP. 

33 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we refinanced most of our debt and used the refinance proceeds to pay off loans totaling 4,664,384
for which homes owned by Gvest Anderson Homes LLC, Gvest Capital View Homes LLC, Gvest Hidden Oaks Homes LLC, Gvest Carolinas 4 Homes
LLC and Gvest Sunnyland Homes LLC were collateral. Homes in these communities were transferred to our wholly owned subsidiary, MHP Home
Holdings LLC, in exchange for the debt paid off on behalf of these VIE entities owned by Gvest Finance LLC and intercompany debt forgiven
totaling 460,226. This change in ownership of the homes is reflected in the current period s balance sheet and the difference
between the debt paid off and forgiven and the cost basis of the assets exchanged is reflected as an adjustment to additional paid in
capital of 278,138 on the statement of changes in deficit which is eliminated in consolidation. Furthermore, we used refinance proceeds
to pay off loans held by Gvest Finance LLC and Gvest Springlake Homes LLC which financed homes in the Springlake and Countryside communities.
These VIE entities are in the process of obtaining replacement debt which has not been finalized of the date of this report. An intercompany
loan of 2,893,981 is included in accrued liabilities and eliminated in consolidation equal to the Countryside and Springlake debt and
refinance costs paid by us on the VIEs behalf that have not yet been repaid as of the date of this report. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

The
full text of our audited consolidated financial statements begins on page F-1 of this annual report. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Disclosure controls and procedures
refer to controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the
SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial
officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

34 

As
required by Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act, our management has carried out an evaluation, with the participation and under the supervision
of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures, as of December 31, 2022. Based upon, and as of the date of this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial
officer determined that, because of the material weaknesses described below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for our company. Internal
control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive officer and
principal financial and accounting officer, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with GAAP, and includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance
 of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance
 that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts
 and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization of our management and directors; and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance
 regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material
 effect on the financial statements. 

Our
management evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this evaluation,
management used the framework established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO. The COSO framework summarizes each of the components of a company s internal
control system, including (i) the control environment, (ii) risk assessment, (iii) control activities, (iv) information and communication,
and (v) monitoring. Based on our evaluation, we determined that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting
was not effective due to the following material weaknesses. 

We lack proper segregation
 of duties due to the limited number of employees within the accounting department. 

We lack effective closing
 procedures. 

To
mitigate the current limited resources and limited employees, we rely heavily on direct management oversight of transactions, along with
the use of legal and accounting professionals. As we grow, we expect to increase our number of employees, which will enable us to implement
adequate segregation of duties within the internal control framework. 

To
cure the foregoing material weakness, we have taken or plan to take the following remediation measures: 

We have added and plan
 to continue to add additional employees to assist in the financial closing procedures. 

As
 necessary, we will continue to engage consultants or outside accounting firms to ensure proper
 accounting for our consolidated financial statements. 

We
 are transitioning all our tenants to send money order payments to a third-party lock box
 rather than processing in-house to improve segregation of duties. 

35 

We
intend to complete the remediation of the material weaknesses discussed above as soon as practicable, but we can give no assurance that
we will be able to do so. Designing and implementing an effective disclosure controls and procedures is a continuous effort that requires
us to anticipate and react to changes in our business and the economic and regulatory environments and to devote significant resources
to maintain a financial reporting system that adequately satisfies our reporting obligations. The remedial measures that we have taken
and intend to take may not fully address the material weaknesses that we have identified, and material weaknesses in our disclosure controls
and procedures may be identified in the future. Should we discover such conditions, we intend to remediate them as soon as practicable.
We are committed to taking appropriate steps for remediation, as needed. 

All
internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective
can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

We
regularly review our system of internal control over financial reporting and make changes to our processes and systems to improve controls
and increase efficiency, while ensuring that we maintain an effective internal control environment. Changes may include such activities
as implementing new, more efficient systems, consolidating activities, and migrating processes. 

Other
than in connection with the implementation of the remedial measures described above, there were no changes in our internal controls over
financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not
applicable. 

36 

PART
III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The
following sets forth information about our directors and executive officers as of the date of this report: 

Name 
 
 Age 

Position 
 
 Raymond M. Gee 
 
 62 

Chairman of the Board and Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 Jay Wardlaw 
 
 56 

President and Director 
 
 Vira Turchinyak 
 
 34 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Julia Pererva 
 
 40 

Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Adam A. Martin 
 
 51 

Chief Investment Officer 
 
 William H. Carter 
 
 74 

Director 
 
 John P. Gee 
 
 27 

Director 
 
 Richard M. Gee 
 
 30 

Director 
 
 Terry Robertson 
 
 79 

Director 

Raymond
M. Gee . Mr. Gee has served as chairman of our board of directors and chief executive officer of our company since October 2017
as a result of the merger of Mobile Home Rental Holdings LLC with our company. Mr. Gee has 30 years of experience in commercial real
estate, development, and structured finance. He has also served as the chief executive officer of Gvest Capital LLC, which provides management
and administrative services to various investment and asset ownership entities, since 2012. Prior to forming Gvest Capital LLC, he was
the head of real estate and structured products for Royal Sun Alliance and oversaw a multi-billion-dollar diversified portfolio.
Previously he headed the Latin American real estate practice for Arthur Andersen in Mexico City. Mr. Gee is a graduate of the University
of Oklahoma with a BBA in finance/real estate. Mr. Gee was selected to serve on our board of directors due to his management experience
in our industry. 

Jay
Wardlaw . Mr. Wardlaw has served as our president and as a member of our board of directors since April 2022. He was a managing
director with the Birdsey Group focusing on business development, underwriting and debt and equity placements from 2020 to 2021. From
2015-2020, Mr. Wardlaw was a managing director in Regions Banks Real Estate Capital Markets group marketing CMBS, FNMA, HUD, Affordable
Housing, Credit Tenant Lease and Loan Placement products to Regions Bank clients. Prior to joining Regions in 2015, Mr. Wardlaw spent
14 years with Bank of America s structured real estate finance group. In addition to banking experience, Mr. Wardlaw has six years
of experience as a financial consultant with KPMG and PricewaterhouseCoopers. Mr. Wardlaw has FINRA series 63, 7 and 79 certifications
and holds a BS degree in Business Administration from the University of North Carolina and an MBA from the University of Florida. Mr.
Wardlaw was selected to serve on the board of directors due to his extensive finance and real estate experience. 

Vira
Turchinyak . Ms. Turchinyak has served as our chief financial officer since January 2023. Ms. Turchinyak oversees all of our
financial, SEC, and tax reporting responsibilities. Ms. Turchinyak is a licensed certified public accountant in North Carolina and
New York. Prior to joining us, she served as a controller at Cantor Fitzgerald s Real Estate Investment Management group
overseeing accounting and financial reporting for non-traded REITs, 1031 exchange fund and opportunity zone funds. Prior to Cantor,
she was with AR Global Investments, LLC where she was a financial reporting manager preparing all SEC filings for a publicly traded
REIT with 3.6 billion in assets under management. Ms. Turchinyak launched her career at PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP in New York City where she spent
three years as an auditor serving public and private clients in the real estate industry. Ms. Turchinyak received her BS degree in
Accounting from the University at Buffalo. 

37 

Julia Pererva. Mrs. Pererva has
served as our chief operating officer since September of 2022. She is a certified property manager (CPM) and holds a real estate broker s
license in North Carolina and South Carolina. She also currently serves as a real estate broker with Engle Volkers. Prior to joining
us, Mrs. Pererva served as commercial property portfolio manager of MPV Properties from December 2020 to June 2022, as chief operating
officer of Attention To Detail Restoration Company from March 2019 to July 2020, as commercial property portfolio manager of Flagship
Healthcare Properties from May 2018 to March 2019 and as director of asset management at Gvest Capital LLC from February 2015 to May 2018.
Her previous experience with MPV Properties, Flagship Healthcare Properties and Gvest Capital LLC includes managing over 500,000 SF multi-state
commercial portfolios which included office, retail, medical, associations and multi-family assets throughout the Southeast. Mrs. Pererva
received her bachelor s degree in Organizational Communications and Management from Wingate University. 

Adam A. Martin . Mr. Martin has
served as our chief investment officer since October 2017. He is responsible for identifying and executing our investment strategies.
Mr. Martin has 25 years of experience in the acquisition, development, financing, and asset management of commercial real estate and
structured finance investments. Prior to joining us, Mr. Martin was a principal of Pinnacle Capital Partners, a real estate investment
and development company. He also worked for Deutsche Bank Mortgage Capital originating and structuring loans for Deutsche s credit
tenant lease/structured products and conduit platforms. Prior to that, Mr. Martin worked for Royal Sun Alliance where he originated
and managed a multi-billion diversified real estate and structured products portfolio. Mr. Martin graduated from Texas A M University
with a BBA in Finance and a master s degree in real estate. 

John P. Gee. Mr. Gee has
served as a member of our board of directors since September 2022. He served as a vice president of acquisitions of our company from
2020 to 2021 and as a vice president of our affiliate Gvest Capital LLC, which provides management and administrative services to
various investment and asset ownership entities, since January 2020. He is a graduate of the University of North Carolina at
Charlotte. Mr. Gee was selected to serve on the board of directors because of his real estate experience. 

William H. Carter . Mr. Carter has
served as a member of our board of directors since March 2018. He has served as president of The Carter Land Company for the past 15 years.
The Carter Land Company has provided brokerage services with respect to 144 manufactured housing communities in the Southeast. The firm
presently manages apartments, single family houses, commercial warehouses, mobile home parks, self-storage facilities and retail buildings.
Mr. Carter was selected to serve on our board of directors due to his experience in our industry. 

Richard M. Gee . Mr. Gee has served
as a member of our board of directors since October 2020. He has served as a Vice President of Gvest Capital LLC since 2018. He specializes
in acquisitions and development. Prior to joining Gvest Capital LLC, he was a Policy Analyst in the Texas Senate for two years working
for a senator. He is a graduate of the University of North Carolina School of Law and received his BA degree in political science and
economics from Southern Methodist University. Mr. Gee was selected to serve on the board of directors due to his real estate development
experience. 

38 

Terry Robertson . Dr. Robertson
has served as a member of our board of directors since December 2018. Since 1982, Dr. Robertson has served as consultant at ROBERTSON
Appraisal Consulting, a real estate appraisal and consulting firm that he founded. From 2000 to 2007, he worked at Carroll 
Carroll Real Estate Appraisers. Dr. Robertson earned his BBA degree in finance and his PhD from the University of Georgia and is Professor
Emeritus of Price College of Business of the University of Oklahoma. Dr. Robertson is an author of articles and books relating to corporate
financial structure, real estate valuation and regional economic development. Dr. Robertson was selected to serve on our board of directors
due to finance and real estate investment background. 

Directors and executive officers are elected until
their successors are duly elected and qualified. There are no arrangements or understandings known to us pursuant to which any director
or executive officer was or is to be selected as a director (or director nominee) or executive officer. 

Family Relationships 

Raymond M. Gee is the father of Richard M. Gee and John P. Gee. There
are no other family relationships between any of our directors. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To the best of our knowledge, except as described
below, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences); 

had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time; 

been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

39 

Corporate Governance 

Our current board of directors is comprised of
six members: Raymond M. Gee, Jay Wardlaw, William H. Carter, John P. Gee, Richard M. Gee, and Terry Robertson. Our board of directors
has determined that Messrs. Carter and Robertson are independent directors as that term is defined in the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. 

Our board of directors currently has two standing
committees, an audit committee and a compensation committee, which perform various duties on behalf of and report to the board of directors.
From time to time, the board of directors may establish other committees. 

Governance Structure 

Currently, our chief executive officer is also
our chairman. Our board of directors believes that, at this time, having a combined chief executive officer and chairman is the appropriate
leadership structure for our company. In making this determination, the board of directors considered, among other matters, Mr. Raymond
M. Gee s experience and tenure, and believed that he is highly qualified to act as both chairman and chief executive officer due
to his experience and expertise. Among the benefits of a dual chief executive officer and chairman role is this structure promotes clearer
leadership and direction for our company and allows for a single, focused chain of command to execute our strategic initiatives and business
plans. 

The Board s Role in Risk Oversight 

Our board of directors plays an active role, as
a whole and at the committee level, in overseeing management of our risks and strategic direction. Our board of directors regularly reviews
information regarding our liquidity and operations, as well as the risks associated with each. Our audit committee oversees the process
by which our senior management and relevant employees assess and manage our exposure to, and management of, financial risks. Our compensation
committee is responsible for overseeing the management of risks relating to our executive compensation plans and arrangements. While each
committee is responsible for evaluating certain risks and overseeing the management of such risks, the entire board of directors is regularly
informed about such risks. 

Audit Committee 

Our audit committee currently consists of Messrs.
Robertson and Carter, with Mr. Robertson serving as chairman. Our board of directors has determined that each member of our audit committee
is able to read and understand fundamental financial statements and has substantial business experience that results in such member s
financial sophistication. Our board of directors further determined that Mr. Robertson possesses the accounting or related financial management
experience that qualifies him as financially sophisticated within the meaning of the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market and that he is an
 audit committee financial expert as defined by the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

The primary purposes of our audit committee
are to assist our board of directors in fulfilling its responsibility to oversee the accounting and financial reporting processes of
our company and audits of our financial statements, including (i) retaining and overseeing our independent accountants; (ii) assisting
the board in its oversight of the integrity of our financial statements, the qualifications, independence and performance of our independent
auditors and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; (iii) reviewing and approving the plan and scope of the internal
and external audit; (iv) pre-approving any audit and non-audit services provided by our independent auditors; (v) approving the fees
to be paid to our independent auditors; (vi) reviewing with our chief executive officer and chief financial officer and independent auditors
the adequacy and effectiveness of our internal controls; (vii) preparing the audit committee report to be filed with the SEC; (viii)
reviewing hedging transactions; and (ix) reviewing and assessing annually the audit committee s performance and the adequacy of
its charter. 

40 

Compensation Committee 

Our compensation committee currently consists
of Messrs. Raymond Gee and Robertson. The primary purposes of our compensation committee are to assist our board of directors in fulfilling
its responsibility to determine the compensation of our executive officers and directors and to approve and evaluate the compensation
policies and programs of our company, including (i) reviewing from time to time and approving our corporate goals and objectives relevant
to compensation and our executive compensation structure and compensation range; (ii) evaluating the chief executive officer s performance
in light of the goals and objectives and determining and approving the chief executive officer s compensation based on this evaluation;
(iii) determining and approving the compensation paid to our chief financial officer and any other executive officers; (iv) determining
the compensation of our independent directors; (v) granting rights to indemnification and reimbursement of expenses to any officers, employees
or directors; (vi) making recommendations to the board regarding equity-based and incentive compensation plans, policies and programs;
and (vii) reviewing and assessing annually the compensation committee s performance and the adequacy of its charter. 

The policies underlying our compensation committee s
compensation decisions are designed to attract and retain the best-qualified management personnel available. We routinely compensate our
executive officers through salaries. At our discretion, we may reward executive officers and employees through bonus programs based on
profitability and other objectively measurable performance factors. Additionally, we use stock options and other incentive awards to compensate
our executives and other key employees to align the interests of our executive officers with the interests of our stockholders. In establishing
executive compensation, our compensation committee will evaluate compensation paid to similar officers employed at other companies of
similar size in the same industry and the individual performance of each officer as it impacts our overall performance with particular
focus on an individual s contribution to the realization of operating profits and the achievement of strategic business goals. Our
compensation committee will further attempt to rationalize a particular executive s compensation with that of other executive officers
of our company in an effort to distribute compensation fairly among the executive officers. Although the components of executive compensation
(salary, bonus and incentive grants) will be reviewed separately, compensation decisions will be made based on a review of total compensation. 

Material Changes to Director Nomination Procedures 

There have been no material changes to the procedures
by which stockholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors since such procedures were last disclosed. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of ethics that applies
to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal
accounting officer. Such code of ethics addresses, among other things, honesty and ethical conduct, conflicts of interest, compliance
with laws, regulations and policies, including disclosure requirements under the federal securities laws, and reporting of violations
of the code. 

We are required to disclose any amendment to,
or waiver from, a provision of our code of ethics applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer, controller, or persons performing similar functions. We intend to use our website as a method of disseminating this
disclosure, as permitted by applicable SEC rules. Any such disclosure will be posted to our website within four business days following
the date of any such amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our code of ethics. 

41 

Insider Trading Policy 

We have adopted an insider trading policy which
prohibits our directors, officers and employees from engaging in transactions in our Common Stock while in the possession of material
non-public information; engaging in transactions in the stock of other companies while in possession of material non-public information
that they become aware of in performing their duties; and disclosing material non-public information to unauthorized persons outside our
company. 

Our insider trading policy restricts trading by
directors, officers and certain key employees during blackout periods, which generally begin 15 calendar days before the end of each fiscal
quarter and end two business days after the issuance of our earnings release for the quarter. Additional blackout periods may be imposed
with or without notice, as the circumstances require. 

Our insider trading policy also prohibits our
directors, officers and employees from purchasing financial instruments (such as prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars
and exchange funds) designed to hedge or offset any decrease in the market value of our Common Stock they hold, directly or indirectly.
In addition, directors, officers and employees are expressly prohibited from pledging our Common Stock to secure personal loans or other
obligations, including by holding their Common Stock in a margin account, unless such arrangement is specifically approved in advance
by the administrator of our insider trading policy, or making short-sale transactions in our Common Stock. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our
directors and executive officers and beneficial holders of more than 10 of our Common Stock to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership
and reports of changes in ownership of our equity securities. Officers, directors and greater than 10 stockholders are required by SEC
regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. We believe, based solely on a review of the copies of
such reports furnished to us and representations of these persons, that all reports were timely filed for the year ended December 31,
2022, except as follows: 

Julia Pererva did not timely file a Form 3 upon her appointment as Chief Operating Officer; and 

Adam Martin did not timely file a Form 4 to report an option grant in December 2022 

As of the date of this report,
these delinquent reports have been filed. 

42 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

Summary Compensation Table Years Ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The following table sets forth information concerning
all cash and non-cash compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to the named persons for services rendered in all capacities during the
noted periods. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Option Awards ) (1) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Raymond M. Gee, 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,980,000 (2) 
 1,980,000 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 750,000 (2) 
 750,000 

Jay Wardlaw, 
 2022 
 181,891 
 125,000 
 448,979 (1) 
 - 
 755,870 
 
 President 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Michael Z. Anise, 
 2022 
 66,365 
 - 
 - 
 200,000 
 266,365 
 
 Former President
and Chief 
Financial Officer (3) 
 2021 
 170,000 
 150,000 
 - 
 20,000 
 340,000 

(1) 
 The amount is equal to the aggregate grant-date fair value with respect to the option awards, computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. 

(2) 
 Includes guarantee fees accrued or paid to Mr. Gee. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we accrued fees of 1,000,000 and paid fees of 980,0000 earned in 2022 and 250,000 owed from 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we accrued fees of 250,000 and paid fees of 500,000. 

(3) 
 Mr. Anise served as President and Chief Financial Officer until April
2022. Other compensation for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes severance payments and other compensation for the year ended December
31, 2021 includes compensation earned as a member of our board of directors. 

Employment and Separation Agreements 

On March 8, 2022, we entered into an offer letter
with Jay Wardlaw, pursuant to which we agreed to pay Mr. Wardlaw an annual base salary of 250,000 and a signing bonus of 50,000. Mr.
Wardlaw is also eligible for an annual bonus of up to two times the base salary based on our performance and is eligible to participate
in all benefit programs. 

On June 22, 2022, we entered into a separation
agreement and release with Michael Z. Anise, pursuant to which we agreed to pay Mr. Anise 200,000 on or before August 1, 2022. We also
agreed to allow Mr. Anise to exercise an option for 50,000 shares of common stock granted to him in 2017. Mr. Anise agreed to repay 5,049
in tax withholdings paid by us on his 2021 bonus and return all company property. The separation agreement and release contains customary
mutual confidentiality, non-disparagement release provisions. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

The following table includes certain information
with respect to the value of all unexercised options and unvested shares of restricted stock previously awarded to the executive officers
named above at the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Option Awards 

Name 
 
 Number of 
 Securities 
Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Exercisable 

Number of 
 Securities 
Underlying Unexercised 
Options (#) 
Unexercisable 

Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Awards: 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Unearned 
 Options (#) 

Option 
 Exercise 
 Price ) 

Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 

Jay Wardlaw 

- 

100,000 

- 

0.01 

4/10/2032 

43 

Additional Narrative Disclosure 

Retirement Benefits 

We have not maintained, and do not currently maintain,
a defined benefit pension plan or nonqualified deferred compensation plan. We currently make available a retirement plan intended to provide
benefits under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, pursuant to which employees, including
the executive officers named above, can make voluntary pre-tax contributions. 

Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change
in Control 

Except for the severance payment to Mr. Anise,
none of the named executive officers listed above are entitled to severance or other payments upon termination or a change in control
of our company. 

Director Compensation 

The table below sets forth our non-executive officer
directors compensation during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Total ) 
 
 William H. Carter 
 31,000 
 31,000 
 
 Richard M. Gee 
 31,000 
 31,000 
 
 James L. Johnson 
 31,000 
 31,000 
 
 Terry Robertson 
 31,000 
 31,000 

Stock Compensation Plan 

In December 2017, our board of directors, with
the approval of a majority of stockholders, adopted the Manufactured Housing Properties Inc. Stock Compensation Plan, or the Plan. Awards
that may be granted include stock options, stock appreciation rights and restricted stock awards. These awards offer our directors, officers,
employees, advisers and consultants the possibility of future value, depending on the long-term price appreciation of our Common Stock
and the award holder s continuing service with our company. 

The following is a summary of certain significant
features of the Plan. The information which follows is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the Plan document itself,
which is filed as an exhibit to this report. 

Purposes of Plan : The purpose
of the Plan is to provide directors, officers, employees, advisers and consultants of our company and its subsidiaries with an increased
incentive to make significant and extraordinary contributions to the long-term performance and growth of our company, to join the interests
of directors, officers, employees, advisers and consultants with the interests of our stockholders through the opportunity for increased
stock ownership and to attract and retain directors, officers, employees, advisers and consultants of exceptional abilities. The Plan
is further intended to provide flexibility to us in structuring long-term incentive compensation to best promote the foregoing objectives. 

Administration of the Plan : The
Plan is administered by our compensation committee. Among other things, the administrator has the authority to select persons who will
receive awards, determine the types of awards and the number of shares to be covered by awards, and to establish the terms, conditions,
performance criteria, restrictions and other provisions of awards. The administrator has authority to establish, amend and rescind rules
and regulations relating to the Plan. 

44 

Eligible Recipients : Persons
eligible to receive awards under the Plan will be those directors, officers, employees, advisers and consultants of our company and its
subsidiaries who are selected by the administrator. 

Shares Available Under the Plan : The
maximum number of shares of our Common Stock that may be delivered to participants under the Plan is 1,000,000, subject to adjustment
for certain corporate changes affecting the shares, such as stock splits. Shares subject to an award under the Plan for which the award
is canceled, forfeited or expires again become available for grants under the Plan. Shares subject to an award that is settled will not
again be made available for grants under the Plan. 

Stock Options : 

General. Stock options give the option
holder the right to acquire from us a designated number of shares of Common Stock at a purchase price that is fixed upon the grant of
the option. Stock options granted may be either tax-qualified stock options (so-called incentive stock options or non-qualified
stock options. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the administrator has the authority to determine all grants of stock options. That
determination will include: (i) the number of shares subject to any option; (ii) the exercise price per share; (iii) the expiration date
of the option; (iv) the manner, time and date of permitted exercise; (v) other restrictions, if any, on the option or the shares underlying
the option; and (vi) any other terms and conditions as the administrator may determine. 

Option Price . The exercise price for stock
options will be determined at the time of grant. Normally, the exercise price will not be less than the fair market value on the date
of grant. As a matter of tax law, the exercise price for any incentive stock option awarded may not be less than the fair market value
of the shares on the date of grant. However, incentive stock option grants to any person owning more than 10 of our voting stock must
have an exercise price of not less than 110 of the fair market value on the grant date. 

Exercise of Options. An option may
be exercised only in accordance with the terms and conditions for the option agreement as established by the administrator at the time
of the grant. The exercise price shall be payable in cash or, if the administrator consents, in shares of Common Stock (including Common
Stock to be received upon a simultaneous exercise) or other consideration substantially equivalent to cash. The administrator may from
time to time authorize payment of all or a portion of the exercise price in the form of a promissory note or other deferred payment installments
according to such terms as the administrator may approve. The board may restrict or suspend the power of the administrator to permit such
loans and may require that adequate security be provided. 

Expiration or Termination. Options,
if not previously exercised, will expire on the expiration date established by the administrator at the time of grant. Such term cannot
exceed ten years provided that in the case of incentive stock options granted to holders of more than 10 of our voting stock, such term
cannot exceed five years. Options will terminate before their expiration date if the holder s service with our company or a subsidiary
terminates before the expiration date. The option may remain exercisable for specified periods after certain terminations of employment,
including terminations as a result of death, disability or retirement, with the precise period during which the option may be exercised
to be established by the administrator and reflected in the grant evidencing the award. 

45 

Incentive and Non-Qualified Options. As
described elsewhere in this summary, an incentive stock option is an option that is intended to qualify under certain provisions of the
Code, for more favorable tax treatment than applies to non-qualified stock options. Any option that does not qualify as an incentive stock
option will be a non-qualified stock option. Under the Code, certain restrictions apply to incentive stock options. For example, the exercise
price for incentive stock options may not be less than the fair market value of the shares on the grant date and the term of the option
may not exceed ten years. In addition, an incentive stock option may not be transferred, other than by will or the laws of descent and
distribution, and is exercisable during the holder s lifetime only by the holder. In addition, no incentive stock options may be
granted to a holder that is first exercisable in a single year if that option, together with all incentive stock options previously granted
to the holder that also first become exercisable in that year, relate to shares having an aggregate fair market value in excess of 100,000,
measured at the grant date. 

Stock Appreciation Rights : Stock
appreciation rights, or SARs, which may be granted alone or in tandem with options, have an economic value similar to that of options.
When a SAR for a particular number of shares is exercised, the holder receives a payment equal to the difference between the market price
of the shares on the date of exercise and the exercise price of the shares under the SAR. Again, the exercise price for SARs normally
is the market price of the shares on the date the SAR is granted. Under the Plan, holders of SARs may receive this payment the
appreciation value either in cash or shares of Common Stock. The form of payment will be determined by us. Essentially, a holder
of a SAR benefits when the market price of the Common Stock increases, to the same extent that the holder of an option does, but, unlike
an option holder, the SAR holder need not pay an exercise price upon exercise of the award. 

Stock Awards: Restricted shares are
shares of Common Stock awarded to participants at no cost. Restricted shares can take the form of awards of restricted stock, which represent
issued and outstanding shares of our Common Stock subject to vesting criteria, or restricted stock units, which represent the right to
receive shares of our Common Stock subject to satisfaction of the vesting criteria. Restricted shares are forfeitable and non-transferable
until the shares vest. The vesting date or dates and other conditions for vesting are established when the shares are awarded. Those
may include requirements for continuous service and/or the achievement of specified performance goals. 

Other Material Provisions : Awards
will be evidenced by a written agreement, in such form as may be approved by the administrator. In the event of various changes to the
capitalization of our company, such as stock splits, stock dividends and similar re-capitalizations, an appropriate adjustment will be
made by the administrator to the number of shares covered by outstanding awards or to the exercise price of such awards. In the event
of a change in control of our company (as defined in the Plan) then, unless the administrator or the board otherwise determines with respect
to one or more awards, all outstanding awards shall become immediately fully vested and nonforfeitable. Except as otherwise determined
by the administrator at the date of grant, awards will not be transferable, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution.
Our board also has the authority, at any time, to discontinue the granting of awards. The board also has the authority to alter or amend
the Plan or any outstanding award or may terminate the Plan as to further grants, provided that no amendment will, without the approval
of our stockholders, to the extent that such approval is required by law or the rules of an applicable exchange, increase the number of
shares available under the Plan, change the persons eligible for awards under the Plan, extend the time within which awards may be made,
or amend the provisions of the Plan related to amendments. No amendment that would adversely affect any outstanding award made under the
Plan can be made without the consent of the holder of such award. 

46 

ITEM 12.
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management 

The following
table sets forth information regarding beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of March
28, 2023 by (i) each of our officers
and directors; (ii) all of our officers and directors as a group; and (iii) each person who is known by us to beneficially own more than
5 of our Common Stock. Unless otherwise specified, the address of each of the persons set forth below is in care of our company, 136
Main Street, Pineville, NC 28134. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Title of Class 
 Amount and 
 Nature of 
 Beneficial 
 Ownership (1) 
 Percent of 
 Class (2) 
 
 Raymond M. Gee, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (3) 
 Common Stock 
 8,594,282 
 68.79 
 
 Jay Wardlaw, President and Director (4) 
 Common Stock 
 33,333 

Vira Turchinyak, Chief Financial Officer 
 Common Stock 
 - 

Julia Pererva, Chief Operating Officer (5) 
 Common Stock 
 16,666 

Adam A. Martin, Chief Investment Officer (6) 
 Common Stock 
 256,667 
 2.01 
 
 William H. Carter, Director 
 Common Stock 
 20,000 

John P. Gee, Director (7) 
 Common Stock 
 5,000 

Richard M. Gee, Director (8) 
 Common Stock 
 50,000 

Terry Robertson, Director 
 Common Stock 
 20,000 

All officers and directors as a group (9 persons named above) 
 Common Stock 
 8,995,948 
 71.96 
 
 Michael P. Kelly (9) 
 Common Stock 
 2,145,000 
 17.17 
 
 Joseph Jackson (10) 
 Common Stock 
 1,254,506 
 10.04 

Less than 1 

(1) Beneficial Ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting
or investment power with respect to securities. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that person
has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Except as set forth below, each of the beneficial owners listed above has
direct ownership of and sole voting power and investment power with respect to the shares of our Common Stock. 

(2) A total of 12,493,012 shares of our Common
Stock are considered to be outstanding pursuant to SEC Rule 13d-3(d)(1) as of March 28, 2023. For each beneficial owner above, any options
exercisable within 60 days have been included in their denominator. 

(3) Includes 20,000 shares of Common Stock held directly and 8,574,282 shares of Common Stock held by Gvest
Real Estate Capital LLC. Raymond M. Gee is the Managing Member of Gvest Real Estate Capital LLC and has voting and investment control
over the shares held by it. 

47 

(4) Represents 33,333 shares of Common Stock which Mr. Wardlaw has the right to acquire within 60 days through
the exercise of vested options. 

(5) Represents 8,333 shares of Common Stock held directly and 8,333
shares of Common Stock which Ms. Pererva has the right to acquire within 60 days through
the exercise of vested options. 

(6) Represents 256,667 shares of Common Stock which Mr. Martin has the right to acquire within 60 days through
the exercise of vested options. 

(7) Represents 5,000 shares of Common Stock which Mr. Gee has the right to acquire within 60 days through
the exercise of vested options. 

(8) Represents 50,000 shares of Common Stock which Mr. Gee s spouse has the right to acquire within
60 days through the exercise of vested options. 

(9) Represents 2,000,000 shares held by The Raymond M. Gee Irrevocable Trust and 145,000 shares held by The
Mariana Vega Ortega Irrevocable Trust. Michael P. Kelly is the Trustee of both trusts and has voting and investment control over the shares
held by them. 

(10) Represents shares held by Metrolina Loan Holdings, LLC. Joseph Jackson is the Managing Member of Metrolina
Loan Holdings, LLC and has voting and investment control over the shares held by it. The address of Metrolina Loan Holdings, LLC
is 108 Gateway Blvd, Suite 104, Mooresville, NC 28117. 

We do not currently have any arrangements which if consummated may
result in a change of control of our company. 

48 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

The following table sets forth certain information
about the securities authorized for issuance under our incentive plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
(a) 

Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
(b) 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

538,842 

0.01 

461,158 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

538,842 

0.01 

461,158 

In December 2017, our board of directors, with
the approval of a majority of stockholders, adopted the Plan as described above. The Plan provides for grants stock options and other
forms of incentive compensation to officers, employees, directors, advisors or consultants of our company or its subsidiaries. We are
authorized to issue up to 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock under this plan. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Transactions with Related Persons 

The following includes a summary of transactions
since the beginning of our 2021 fiscal year, or any currently proposed transaction, in which we were or are to be a participant and the
amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last
two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than compensation
described under Item 11 Executive Compensation ). We believe that the terms obtained or consideration that we paid or received,
as applicable, in connection with the transactions described below were comparable to terms available or the amounts that would be paid
or received, as applicable, in arm s-length transactions. 

In December 2020, we entered into a property management agreement with Gvest Finance LLC, a company owned and controlled by Gvest Real Estate Capital LLC, and have subsequently entered into property management agreements with Gvest Homes I LLC, Gvest Anderson Homes LLC, Gvest Capital View Homes LLC, Gvest Hidden Oaks Homes LLC, Gvest Springlake Homes LLC, Gvest Carolinas 4 Homes LLC, Gvest Sunnyland Homes LLC, Gvest Warrenville Homes LLC, and Gvest Wake Forest 2 Homes LLC, which are all wholly owned subsidiaries of Gvest Finance LLC. Under the property management agreements, we manage the homes owned by the VIEs and the VIEs remit to our company all income, less any sums paid out for operational expenses and debt service but retain 5 of the debt service payment as a reserve. 

During 2021, we formed two entities, Brainerd Place LLC and Bull Creek LLC, for the purpose of exploring opportunities to develop mobile home communities. We own 49 of these entities and Gvest Real Estate LLC owns 51 . We also executed operating agreements with these entities which designate Gvest Capital Management LLC, a company owned and controlled by Gvest Real Estate Capital LLC, as manager with the authority, power, and discretion to manage and control the entities business decisions. The operating agreements require us to make cash contributions to the entities to fund their activities, operations, and existence, if we approve the contribution requests from the manager, which ultimately provides our company with power to direct the economically significant activities of these entities. 

49 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we refinanced most of our debt and used the refinance proceeds to pay off loans totaling 4,664,384 for which homes owned by Gvest Anderson Homes LLC, Gvest Capital View Homes LLC, Gvest Hidden Oaks Homes LLC, Gvest Carolinas 4 Homes LLC and Gvest Sunnyland Homes LLC were collateral. Homes in these communities were transferred our wholly owned subsidiary, MHP Home Holdings LLC, in exchange for the debt paid off on behalf of these VIE entities owned by Gvest Finance LLC and intercompany debt forgiven totaling 460,226. This change in ownership of the homes is reflected in the current period s balance sheet and the difference between the debt paid off and forgiven and the cost basis of the assets exchanged is reflected as an adjustment to additional paid in capital of 278,138 on the statement of changes in deficit which is eliminated in consolidation. We also used refinance proceeds to pay off loans held by Gvest Finance LLC and Gvest Springlake Homes LLC which financed homes in the Springlake and Countryside communities. An intercompany loan of 2,893,981 is included in accrued liabilities and eliminated in consolidation equal to the Countryside and Springlake debt and refinance costs paid by us on the VIEs behalf that have not yet been repaid as of the date of this report. 

In August 2019, we entered into an office lease agreement with 136 Main Street LLC, an entity whose sole owner is Gvest Real Estate LLC, whose sole owner is Mr. Gee, for the lease of our offices. The lease is 12,000 per month and is on a month-to-month term. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we paid 144,000 and 144,000, respectively, of rent expense to 136 Main Street LLC. 

On October 22, 2021, we issued a promissory note to Metrolina Loan Holdings, LLC, a significant stockholder, in the principal amount of 1,500,000. As of December 31, 2021, the balance on this note was 1,500,000. On September 2, 2022, we repaid the full outstanding balance of the loan with proceeds from the KeyBank portfolio refinance. The note bore interest at a rate of 18 per annum and was set to mature on April 1, 2023. The note was guaranteed by Raymond M. Gee. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest expense totaled 181,233 and 51,780, respectively. 

On December 27, 2021, we issued a revolving promissory note to Gvest Real Estate Capital, LLC, pursuant to which we may borrow up to 1,500,000 on a revolving basis for working capital or acquisition purposes. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance on this note was 150,000. On September 9, 2022, we paid off the full balance with proceeds from the KeyBank portfolio refinance. During the period while the note was outstanding, the maximum credit limit on this note was increased to 2,000,000 and we borrowed an aggregate of 2,700,000. This note had a five-year term and was interest-only based on a 15 annual rate through the maturity date and was unsecured. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest expense totaled 87,542 and 21 respectively. 

On April 1, 2022, we entered into an agreement with Gvest Capital LLC, an entity whose sole owner is Raymond M. Gee, and its employee Michael P. Kelly, a significant beneficial stockholder, whereby we pay a fee per completed acquisition and a monthly retainer fee to Mr. Kelly for his legal services in connection with acquisitions and other operating matters. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid Mr. Kelly 95,000. 

On May 2, 2022, we entered into a consulting agreement with Two Oaks Capital LLC, and entity whose sole owner is John Gee, a member of our board of directors and son of Raymond M. Gee, for consulting services related to the KeyBank Refinance totaling 32,000. 

On June 29, 2022, we issued a revolving promissory note to NAV RE, LLC, an entity whose owners are Adam Martin, our chief investment officer, and his spouse pursuant to which we may borrow up to 2,000,000 on a revolving basis for working capital or acquisition purposes. On the same date, we borrowed 2,000,000. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance on this note was 2,000,000. This note has a five-year term and is interest-only based on an 15 annual rate through the maturity date and is unsecured. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued interest expense totaled 154,167 and 0, respectively, to be paid at a later date. 

On September 1, 2022, we entered into a consulting agreement with Gvest Real Estate Capital, LLC, an entity whose sole owner is Raymond M. Gee, for development consulting and management services related to several upcoming, potential manufactured home community development projects at the Sunnyland and Raeford properties and assistance with major capital improvement projects at existing communities. The consulting agreement is for 8,000 per month and is on a month-to-month term. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid 32,000 for development consulting services to Gvest Real Estate Capital LLC. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, Raymond M. Gee, our chairman and chief executive officer, received fees totaling 1,230,000 for his personal guaranty on certain promissory notes relating to the acquisition and refinancing of mobile home communities owned by us, including 250,000 in relation to the Asheboro and Morganton acquisitions which were accrued for at December 31, 2021 and paid in January 2022. We also accrued a 1,000,000 guaranty fee owed to Raymond M. Gee, during the year ended December 31, 2022, for his personal guaranty of the KeyBank 62 million portfolio refinance made up of several loans to be paid at a later date. During the year ended December 31, 2021, Mr. Gee received 500,000 for his personal guaranties on promissory notes relating to the refinancing and acquisitions of manufactured housing communities owned by us and we also accrued 250,000 of guaranty fees which were paid in January 2022. 

51 

Parent Company 

As of December 31, 2022, Gvest Real Estate Capital
LLC holds approximately 68.63 of our issued and outstanding voting securities. 

Director Independence 

Our board of directors has determined that Terry
Robertson and William H. Carter are independent directors as that term is defined in the applicable rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

Independent Auditors Fees 

The following is a summary of the fees billed
to us for professional services rendered for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 220,950 
 168,710 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 7,000 
 11,800 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 15,079 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 TOTAL 
 227,950 
 195,589 

Effective
September 1, 2022, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm Friedman LLP combined with Marcum LLP and
continued to operate as an independent registered public accounting firm. On September 9, 2022, the board of directors of the
Company formally approved the dismissal of Friedman and the engagement of Marcum to
serve as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company in connection with this combination. The services previously provided by Friedman will now be
provided by Marcum. All fees during 2022 and 2021 related to Friedman LLP and Marcum LLP. 

Audit Fees consisted of fees billed
for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial
statements included in our Form 10-K and 10-Q or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and
regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit-Related Fees consisted of
fees billed for assurance and related services by the principal accountant that were reasonably related to the performance of the audit
or review of our financial statements and are not reported under the paragraph captioned Audit Fees above. 

Tax Fees consisted of fees billed
for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax returns preparation. 

All Other Fees consisted of fees
billed for products and services provided by the principal accountant, other than the services reported above under other captions of
this Item 14. 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

Under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, all audit
and non-audit services performed by our auditors must be approved in advance by our board of directors to assure that such services do
not impair the auditors independence from us. In accordance with its policies and procedures, our board of directors pre-approved
the audit services performed by Marcum LLP for our financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

52 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) 
 List of Documents Filed as a Part of This Report: 

(1) Index
 to Financial Statements: 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID 688 and 711) 
 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-7 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-8 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-9 

(2) Index to Financial Statement
Schedules: 

All schedules have been omitted because
the required information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto, or because it is not required. 

(3) Index to Exhibits: 

See exhibits listed under Part (b) below. 

(b) Exhibits: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on April 19, 2018) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Offering Statement on Form 1-A filed on May 9, 2019) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 5, 2019) 

3.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 15, 2021) 

3.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on April 19, 2018) 

3.6 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Bylaws of Manufactured Housing Properties Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2022) 

4.1 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities 

10.1 
 
 Agreement for Purchase and Sale of Real Property, dated February 11, 2022, between MHP Pursuits LLC and Harold Allen and Brenda D. Allen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2022) 

10.2 
 
 First Amendment to Agreement for Purchase and Sale of Real Property, dated April 24, 2022, between MHP Pursuits LLC and Harold Allen and Brenda D. Allen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2022) 

10.3 
 
 Second Amendment to Purchase Agreement, dated May 17, 2022, between MHP Pursuits LLC and Harold Allen and Brenda D. Allen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2022) 

10.4 
 
 Third Amendment to Purchase Agreement, dated July 22 2022, between MHP Pursuits LLC and Harold Allen and Brenda D. Allen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2022) 

10.5 
 
 Assignment of Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated July 12, 2022, between MHP Pursuits LLC and Red Fox MHP LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2022) 

10.6 
 
 Business Loan Agreement, dated July 29, 2022, between Red Fox MHP LLC and Charlotte Metro Credit Union (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2022) 

53 

10.7 
 
 Promissory Note, dated July 29, 2022, between Red Fox MHP LLC and Charlotte Metro Credit Union (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2022) 

10.8 
 
 Deed of Trust, dated July 29, 2022, between Red Fox MHP LLC and Charlotte Metro Credit Union (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2022) 

10.9 
 
 Assignment of Rents, dated July 29, 2022, between Red Fox MHP LLC and Charlotte Metro Credit Union (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2022) 

10.10 
 
 Commercial Guaranty, dated July 29, 2022, between Manufactured Housing Properties Inc and Charlotte Metro Credit Union (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2022) 

10.11 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated February 25, 2022, between MHP Pursuits LLC and K10 Enterprises LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2022) 

10.12 
 
 First Amendment to Purchase Agreement, dated June 28, 2022, between MHP Pursuits LLC and K10 Enterprises LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2022) 

10.13 
 
 Assignment of Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated July 7, 2022, between MHP Pursuits LLC and Solid Rock MHP LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2022) 

10.14 
 
 Business Loan Agreement, dated June 30, 2022, between Solid Rock MHP LLC and United Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2022) 

10.15 
 
 Commercial Promissory Note, dated June 30, 2022, between Solid Rock MHP LLC and United Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2022) 

10.16 
 
 Commercial Real Estate Mortgage, dated June 30, 2022, between Solid Rock MHP LLC and United Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2022) 

10.17 
 
 Assignment of Leases and Rents, dated June 30, 2022, between Solid Rock MHP LLC and United Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2022) 

10.18 
 
 Business Loan Agreement, dated July 22, 2022, between Spaulding MHP LLC and PrimeSouth Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.19 
 
 Commercial Promissory Note, dated July 22, 2022, between Spaulding MHP LLC and PrimeSouth Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.20 
 
 Commercial Security Agreement, dated July 22, 2022, between Spaulding MHP LLC and PrimeSouth Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.21 
 
 Unlimited Continuing Guaranty, dated July 22, 2022, between Manufactured Housing Properties Inc. and PrimeSouth Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.22 
 
 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (Non-Recourse), dated September 1, 2022, between Anderson MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.23 
 
 Multifamily Note, dated September 1, 2022, between Anderson MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.24 
 
 Multifamily Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated September 1, 2022, between Anderson MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

54 

10.25 
 
 Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated September 1, 2022, between Manufactured Housing Properties Inc, Raymond M. Gee and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.26 
 
 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (Non-Recourse), dated September 1, 2022, between ARC MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.27 
 
 Multifamily Note, dated September 1, 2022, between ARC MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.28 
 
 Multifamily Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated September 1, 2022, between ARC MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.29 
 
 Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated September 1, 2022, between Manufactured Housing Properties Inc, Raymond M. Gee and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.30 
 
 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (Non-Recourse), dated September 1, 2022, between Carolinas 4 MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.31 
 
 Multifamily Note, dated September 1, 2022, between Carolinas 4 MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.32 
 
 Multifamily Deed of Trust, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated September 1, 2022, between Carolinas 4 MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.33 
 
 Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated September 1, 2022, between Manufactured Housing Properties Inc, Raymond M. Gee and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.34 
 
 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (Non-Recourse), dated September 1, 2022, between Azalea MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.35 
 
 Multifamily Note, dated September 1, 2022, between Azalea MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.36 
 
 Multifamily Deed of Trust, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated September 1, 2022, between Azalea MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.37 
 
 Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated September 1, 2022, between Manufactured Housing Properties Inc, Raymond M. Gee and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.38 
 
 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (Non-Recourse), dated September 1, 2022, between B D MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.39 
 
 Multifamily Note, dated September 1, 2022, between B D MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.40 
 
 Multifamily Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated September 1, 2022, between B D MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

55 

10.41 
 
 Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated September 1, 2022, between Manufactured Housing Properties Inc, Raymond M. Gee and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.42 
 
 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (Non-Recourse), dated September 1, 2022, between Capital View MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.43 
 
 Multifamily Note, dated September 1, 2022, between Capital View MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.44 
 
 Multifamily Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated September 1, 2022, between Capital View MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.45 
 
 Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated September 1, 2022, between Manufactured Housing Properties Inc, Raymond M. Gee and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.46 
 
 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (Non-Recourse), dated September 1, 2022, between Chatham MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.47 
 
 Multifamily Note, dated September 1, 2022, between Chatham MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.48 
 
 Multifamily Deed of Trust, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated September 1, 2022, between Chatham MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.49 
 
 Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated September 1, 2022, between Manufactured Housing Properties Inc, Raymond M. Gee and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.50 
 
 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (Non-Recourse), dated September 1, 2022, between Countryside MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.51 
 
 Multifamily Note, dated September 1, 2022, between Countryside MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.52 
 
 Multifamily Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated September 1, 2022, between Countryside MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.53 
 
 Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated September 1, 2022, between Manufactured Housing Properties Inc, Raymond M. Gee and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.54 
 
 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (Non-Recourse), dated September 1, 2022, between Crestview MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.54 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.55 
 
 Multifamily Note, dated September 1, 2022, between Crestview MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.55 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.56 
 
 Multifamily Deed of Trust, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated September 1, 2022, between Crestview MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.56 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

56 

10.57 
 
 Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated September 1, 2022, between Manufactured Housing Properties Inc, Raymond M. Gee and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.58 
 
 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (Non-Recourse), dated September 1, 2022, between Charlotte 3 Park MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.59 
 
 Multifamily Note, dated September 1, 2022, between Charlotte 3 Park MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.59 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.60 
 
 Multifamily Deed of Trust, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated September 1, 2022, between Charlotte 3 Park MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.60 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.61 
 
 Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated September 1, 2022, between Manufactured Housing Properties Inc, Raymond M. Gee and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.62 
 
 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (Non-Recourse), dated September 1, 2022, between Charlotte 3 Park MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.62 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.63 
 
 Multifamily Note, dated September 1, 2022, between Charlotte 3 Park MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.63 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.64 
 
 Multifamily Deed of Trust, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated September 1, 2022, between Charlotte 3 Park MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.64 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.65 
 
 Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated September 1, 2022, between Manufactured Housing Properties Inc, Raymond M. Gee and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.65 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.66 
 
 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (Non-Recourse), dated September 1, 2022, between Evergreen MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.66 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.67 
 
 Multifamily Note, dated September 1, 2022, between Evergreen MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.67 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.68 
 
 Multifamily Deed of Trust, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated September 1, 2022, between Charlotte 3 Park MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.68 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.69 
 
 Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated September 1, 2022, between Manufactured Housing Properties Inc, Raymond M. Gee and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.69 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.70 
 
 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (Non-Recourse), dated September 1, 2022, between Golden Isles MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.70 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

57 

10.71 
 
 Multifamily Note, dated September 1, 2022, between Golden Isles MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.71 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.72 
 
 Multifamily Deed to Secure Debt, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated September 1, 2022, between Golden Isles MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.72 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.73 
 
 Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated September 1, 2022, between Manufactured Housing Properties Inc, Raymond M. Gee and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.73 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.74 
 
 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (Non-Recourse), dated September 1, 2022, between Hidden Oaks MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.74 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.75 
 
 Multifamily Note, dated September 1, 2022, between Hidden Oaks MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.75 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.76 
 
 Multifamily Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated September 1, 2022, between Hidden Oaks MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.76 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.77 
 
 Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated September 1, 2022, between Manufactured Housing Properties Inc, Raymond M. Gee and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.77 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.78 
 
 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (Non-Recourse), dated September 1, 2022, between Holly Faye MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.78 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.79 
 
 Multifamily Note, dated September 1, 2022, between Holly Faye MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.79 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.80 
 
 Multifamily Deed of Trust, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated September 1, 2022, between Holly Faye MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.80 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.81 
 
 Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated September 1, 2022, between Manufactured Housing Properties Inc, Raymond M. Gee and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.81 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.82 
 
 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (Non-Recourse), dated September 1, 2022, between Hunt Club MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.82 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.83 
 
 Multifamily Note, dated September 1, 2022, between Hunt Club MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.83 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.84 
 
 Multifamily Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated September 1, 2022, between Hunt Club MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.84 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

58 

10.85 
 
 Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated September 1, 2022, between Manufactured Housing Properties Inc, Raymond M. Gee and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.85 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.86 
 
 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (Non-Recourse), dated September 1, 2022, between Lakeview MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.86 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.87 
 
 Multifamily Note, dated September 1, 2022, between Lakeview MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.87 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.88 
 
 Multifamily Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated September 1, 2022, between Lakeview MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.88 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.89 
 
 Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated September 1, 2022, between Manufactured Housing Properties Inc, Raymond M. Gee and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.89 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.90 
 
 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (Non-Recourse), dated September 1, 2022, between Maple Hills MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.90 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.91 
 
 Multifamily Note, dated September 1, 2022, between Maple Hills MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.91 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.92 
 
 Multifamily Deed of Trust, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated September 1, 2022, between Maple Hills MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.92 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.93 
 
 Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated September 1, 2022, between Manufactured Housing Properties Inc, Raymond M. Gee and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.93 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.94 
 
 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (Non-Recourse), dated September 1, 2022, between Carolinas 4 MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.94 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.95 
 
 Multifamily Note, dated September 1, 2022, between Carolinas 4 MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.95 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.96 
 
 Multifamily Deed of Trust, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated September 1, 2022, between Carolinas 4 MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.96 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.97 
 
 Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated September 1, 2022, between Manufactured Housing Properties Inc, Raymond M. Gee and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.97 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.98 
 
 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (Non-Recourse), dated September 1, 2022, between North Raleigh MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.98 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.99 
 
 Multifamily Note, dated September 1, 2022, between North Raleigh MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.99 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.100 
 
 Multifamily Deed of Trust, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated September 1, 2022, between North Raleigh MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.100 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

59 

10.101 
 
 Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated September 1, 2022, between Manufactured Housing Properties Inc, Raymond M. Gee and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.101 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.102 
 
 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (Non-Recourse), dated September 1, 2022, between Pecan Grove MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.102 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.103 
 
 Multifamily Note, dated September 1, 2022, between Pecan Grove MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.103 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.104 
 
 Multifamily Deed of Trust, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated September 1, 2022, between Pecan Grove MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.104 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.105 
 
 Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated September 1, 2022, between Manufactured Housing Properties Inc, Raymond M. Gee and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.105 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.106 
 
 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (Non-Recourse), dated September 1, 2022, between Springlake MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.106 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.107 
 
 Multifamily Note, dated September 1, 2022, between Springlake MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.107 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.108 
 
 Multifamily Deed to Secure Debt, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated September 1, 2022, between Springlake MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.108 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.109 
 
 Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated September 1, 2022, between Manufactured Housing Properties Inc, Raymond M. Gee and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.109 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

59 

10.110 
 
 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (Non-Recourse), dated September 1, 2022, between Sunnyland MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.110 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.111 
 
 Multifamily Note, dated September 1, 2022, between Sunnyland MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.111 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.112 
 
 Multifamily Deed to Secure Debt, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated September 1, 2022, between Sunnyland MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.112 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.113 
 
 Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated September 1, 2022, between Manufactured Housing Properties Inc, Raymond M. Gee and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.113 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.114 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated May 17, 2022, between MHP Pursuits LLC and Statesville Estates MHC LLC, North Side MHC LLC, Timber View LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.114 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.115 
 
 First Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated August 26, 2022, between MHP Pursuits LLC and Statesville Estates MHC LLC, North Side MHC LLC, Timber View LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.115 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.116 
 
 Assignment of Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated August 31, 2022, between MHP Pursuits LLC and Northview MHP LLC, Timberview MHP LLC, and Statesville MHP LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.116 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.117 
 
 Agreement with Respect to Home and Homesite Rents, dates September 14, 2022, between Statesville MHP LLC and MHP Home Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.117 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.118 
 
 Agreement with Respect to Home and Homesite Rents, dates September 14, 2022, between Timberview MHP LLC and MHP Home Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.118 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.119 
 
 Interim Loan Agreement, dated September 14, 2022, between Timberview MHP LLC and Statesville MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.119 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

60 

10.120 
 
 Promissory Note, dated September 14, 2022, between Timberview MHP LLC and Statesville MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.120 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.121 
 
 Deed of Trust, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Assignment of Contracts, Security Agreement, and Fixture Filing, dated September 14, 2022, between Statesville MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.121 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.122 
 
 Deed of Trust, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Assignment of Contracts, Security Agreement, and Fixture Filing, dated September 14, 2022, between Timberview MHP LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.122 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.123 
 
 Limited Recourse Guaranty, dated September 14, 2022, between Raymond Gee, Manufactured Housing Properties Inc, and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.123 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.124 
 
 Promissory Note, dated September 14, 2022, between Northview MHP LLC and North Side MHC LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.124 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.125 
 
 Security Agreement, dated September 14, 2022, between MHP Home Holdings LLC and North Side MHC LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.125 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.126 
 
 North Carolina Deed of Trust, dated September 14, 2022, between Northview MHP LLC and North Side MHC LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.126 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.127 
 
 Guaranty, dated September 14, 2022, between Manufactured Housing Properties Inc. and North Side MHC LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.127 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.128 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated July 12, 2022, between MHP Pursuits LLC and Richard and Annette Smith (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.103 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.129 
 
 Assignment of Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated September 22, 2022, between MHP Pursuits LLC and Glynn Acres MHP LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.104 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.130 
 
 Secured Promissory Note, dated October 7, 2022, between Glynn Acres MHP LLC and Richard and Annette Smith (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.105 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.131 
 
 Deed to Secure Debt and Security Agreement, dated October 7, 2022, between Glynn Acres MHP LLC and Richard and Annette Smith (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.106 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.132 
 
 Assignment of Leases and Rents, dated October 7, 2022, between Glynn Acres MHP LLC and Richard and Annette Smith (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.107 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 14, 2022) 

10.133 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated June 24, 2022, between MHP Pursuits LLC, Randy Norris Bailey, Michelle Bailey, and MACRAL Properties LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2022) 

10.134 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated June 24, 2022, between MHP Pursuits LLC, Randy Norris Bailey and Ron-Ran Enterprises LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2022) 

10.135 
 
 First Amendment to Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated October 21, 2022, between MHP Pursuits LLC, Randy Norris Bailey, Michelle E. Bailey, and MACRAL Properties LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2022) 

61 

10.136 
 
 First Amendment to Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated October 21, 2022, between MHP Pursuits LLC, Randy Norris Bailey and Ron-Ran Enterprises LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2022) 

10.137 
 
 Assignment of Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated October 27, 2022, between MHP Pursuits LLC and Country Road MHP LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2022) 

10.138 
 
 Assignment of Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated October 27, 2022, between MHP Pursuits LLC and Cooley s MHP LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2022) 

10.139 
 
 Corrected and Restated Assignment of Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated November 8, 2022, between MHP Pursuits LLC and Wake Forest 2 MHP LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2022) 

10.140 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated November 14, 2022, between MACRAL Properties LLC, Ron-Ran Enterprises LLC, and Vanderbilt Mortgage and Finance Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2022) 

10.141 
 
 Promissory Note, dated November 14, 2022, between MACRAL Properties LLC, Ron-Ran Enterprises LLC, and Vanderbilt Mortgage and Finance Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2022) 

10.142 
 
 Deed of Trust, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated November 14, 2022, between MACRAL Properties LLC, Ron-Ran Enterprises LLC, and Vanderbilt Mortgage and Finance Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2022) 

10.143 
 
 Security Agreement and Assignment of Rents, dated November 14, 2022, between Gvest Wake Forest 2 Homes LLC and Vanderbilt Mortgage and Finance Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2022) 

10.144 
 
 Assignment of Ownership Interests, dated November 14, 2022, between Wake Forest 2 MHP LLC and Vanderbilt Mortgage and Finance Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2022) 

10.145 
 
 Manufactured Housing Properties Inc. Stock Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 6.21 to the Offering Statement on Form 1-A filed on May 9, 2019) 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics and Business Conduct (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 15.1 to the Offering Statement on Form 1-A filed on May 9, 2019) 

19.1 
 
 Insider Trading Policy 

21.1 
 
 List of subsidiaries of the registrant 

31.1 
 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certifications of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

Executive compensation plan or arrangement 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

62 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID
688 and F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-7 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-9 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Manufactured Housing Properties Inc. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Manufactured
Housing Properties, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, statements
of deficit and statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America . 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate
opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Acquisitions 

The Company accounts for acquisitions as asset acquisitions in accordance
with ASC 805, Business Combinations, and allocates the purchase price based on the fair value of the assets acquired, which
generally consist of land, site and land improvements, buildings improvements, and rental homes. As described in Note 4, during 2022,
the Company acquired various real estate properties that were accounted for as asset acquisitions which totaled 24,861,127. Upon an asset
acquisition, the purchase price is allocated to land, building, and land improvements. We identified the evaluation of the measurement
of the fair values used in purchase price allocation of acquisitions as a critical audit matter because it involves a high degree of subjectivity
in evaluating the reasonableness of management s estimates and the assumptions used in estimates. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We obtained agreements and supporting files related
to the acquisitions and purchase price allocations, reviewed management analysis and applicable documents supporting capitalized costs
associated with the acquisitions. With the assistance of our valuation specialist, we compared the significant assumptions to observable
market data and published industry resources. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2020 (such date takes into account the acquisition of certain assets of Friedman LLP by Marcum LLP effective September 1, 2022). 

Marlton, New Jersey 

March 29, 2023 

F- 3 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Manufactured Housing Properties, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Manufactured Housing Properties, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated
statements of operations, equity (deficit) and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December
31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements
based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor from 2020 to 2022. 

March 30, 2022 

F- 4 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Investment Property 

Land 

Site and Land Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements 

Construction in Process 

Total Investment Property 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Net Investment Property 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Restricted Cash 

Accounts Receivable 

Other Assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities 

Accounts Payable 

Notes Payable, net of and debt discount, respectively 

Line of Credit Variable Interest Entity, net of and debt discount, respectively 

Line of Credit Related Party 

Note Payable Related Party 
 -

Accrued Liabilities including amounts due to related parties of and , respectively 

Tenant Security Deposits 

Series C Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding; redemption value and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (See note 6) 
 -
 
 -

Redeemable Preferred Stock subject to redemption 
 -
 
 -

Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding; redemption value and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding; redemption value and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Deficit 

Common Stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and shares are issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional Paid in Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Total Manufactured Housing Properties Inc. Deficit 

Non-controlling interest in Variable Interest Entities 

Total Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND DEFICIT 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

F- 5 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Rental and related income 

Gross revenue from home sales 

Total revenues 

Community operating expenses 

Repair and maintenance 

Real estate taxes 

Utilities 

Insurance 

General and administrative expense 

Total community operating expenses 

Corporate payroll and overhead 

Depreciation expense 

Interest expense 

Refinancing costs 

Cost of home sales 

Total expenses 

Other income 

Gain on sale of community 
 
 - 
 
 Net loss before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest variable interest entities 

Net loss attributable to Manufactured Housing Properties Inc. 

Preferred stock dividends and put option value accretion 

Series A preferred dividends 

Series A preferred put option value accretion 

Series B preferred dividends 

Series B preferred put option value accretion 

Total preferred stock dividends and put option value accretion 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Weighted average shares basic and fully diluted

Net loss per share basic and fully diluted

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

F- 6 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

COMMON STOCK 
 ADDITIONAL 
 
 TOTAL MANUFACTURED HOUSING 
 NON 

SHARES 
 PAR VALUE 
 PAID IN CAPITAL 
 ACCUMULATED DEFICIT 
 PROPERTIES INC. 
 CONTROLLING INTEREST 
 DEFICIT 
 
 Balance at January 1, 2021 

Stock option expense 
 - 
 -

-

-

Preferred shares Series A dividends 
 - 
 -

-

-

Preferred shares Series A put option value accretion 
 - 
 -

-

-

Preferred shares Series B dividends 
 - 
 -

-

-

Preferred shares Series B put option value accretion 
 - 
 -

-

-

Common Stock issuance to preferred share holders 

-

-

Contributions to VIE 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Distributions from VIE 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Net income (loss) 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Stock option expense 
 - 
 -

-

-

Common Stock issued through stock options 

-
 
 -

-

Preferred shares Series A dividends 
 - 
 -

-

-

Preferred shares Series A put option value accretion 
 - 
 -

-

-

Preferred shares Series B dividends 
 - 
 -

-

-

Preferred shares Series B put option value accretion 
 - 
 -

-

-

Distributions from VIE 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Intercompany Transfer of Homes Deemed Dividend 
 - 
 -

-

-

Joint Ventures Adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2022 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

F- 7 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Gain on sale of community 
 
 -

Stock option expense 

Amortization of debt discount 

Write off debt issuance costs recorded as debt discount 

Write off acquisition and development pursuit costs 
 
 -

Prepayment penalty upon debt extinguishment 
 
 -

Gain on debt extinguishment 
 -

Loss on sale of homes 

Depreciation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Tenant security deposits 

Accrued liabilities 

Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Capital improvements 

Proceeds from sales of homes 

Purchases of investment properties 

Payment of pursuit costs 
 
 -

Payment of acquisition costs 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from related party debt 

Repayment of related party debt 
 
 -

Proceeds from refinanced notes payable and lines of credit 

Repayment of notes payable upon refinance 

Repayment of lines of credit upon refinance - VIEs 

Repayment of notes payable 

Proceeds from lines of credit VIEs 
 -

Repayment of lines of credit VIEs 

Proceeds from exercise of options 
 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock 

Payment of debt and Series C Preferred Stock costs recorded as debt discount 

Prepayment penalty upon debt extinguishment 
 
 -

Redemption of Preferred Stock 

Fees paid in advance for debt 
 
 -

Series A and Series B Preferred share dividends 

Contribution to VIE 
 -

Distributions from VIE 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of the year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of the year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash consist of the following: 

End of year 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total 

Beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total 

Cash paid for: 

Income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Interest 

Series C Preferred share dividends 

Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities 

Notes and lines of credit related to acquisitions and capital improvements 

Non-cash Series A and B Preferred Stock accretion 

Debt issuance costs included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Stock issued in connection with Series B Preferred Stock issuance 
 -

Proceeds from sale of community in receivables 
 
 -

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

F- 8 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Azalea MHP LLC 

Holly Faye MHP LLC 

Chatham Pines MHP LLC 

Maple Hills MHP LLC 

Lakeview MHP LLC 

MHP Pursuits LLC 

Mobile Home Rentals LLC 

Hunt Club MHP LLC 

B D MHP LLC 

Crestview MHP LLC 

Springlake MHP LLC 

ARC MHP LLC 

Countryside MHP LLC 

Evergreen MHP LLC 

Golden Isles MHP LLC 

Anderson MHP LLC 

Capital View MHP LLC 

Hidden Oaks MHP LLC 

North Raleigh MHP LLC 

Carolinas 4 MHP LLC 

Charlotte 3 Park MHP LLC 

Sunnyland MHP LLC 

Warrenville MHP LLC 

Solid Rock MHP LLC 

Spaulding MHP LLC 

Raeford MHP Development LLC 

Solid Rock MHP Homes LLC 

F- 9 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Statesville MHP LLC 

Timberview MHP LLC 

Red Fox MHP LLC 

Northview MHP LLC 

Meadowbrook MHP LLC 

Sunnyland 2 MHP LLC 

Dalton 3 MHP LLC 

MHP Home Holdings LLC 

Glynn Acres MHP LLC 

Wake Forest 2 MHP LLC 

MACRAL Properties LLC 

Ron-Ran Enterprises LLC 

Country Aire MHP LLC 

Mobile Cottage MHP LLC 

Merritt Place MHP LLC 

MHR Home Development LLC 

Gvest Finance LLC 

Gvest Homes I LLC 

Brainerd Place LLC 

Bull Creek LLC 

Gvest Anderson Homes LLC 

Gvest Capital View Homes LLC 

Gvest Hidden Oaks Homes LLC 

Gvest Springlake Homes LLC 

Gvest Carolinas 4 Homes LLC 

Gvest Sunnyland Homes LLC 

Gvest Warrenville Homes LLC 

Gvest Wake Forest 2 Homes LLC 

F- 10 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

of the debt service payment as a reserve. 

of these entities and Gvest Real Estate LLC, an entity whose sole owner is Raymond M. Gee, owns . The Company
also executed operating agreements with these entities which designate Gvest Capital Management LLC, a company owned and controlled by
Gvest Real Estate Capital LLC, as manager with the authority, power, and discretion to manage and control the entities business
decisions. The operating agreements require the Company to make cash contributions to the entities to fund their activities, operations,
and existence, if the Company approves the contribution requests from the manager, which ultimately provides the Company with power to
direct the economically significant activities of these entities. 

F- 11 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

shares of Common Stock were included in basic loss per share. Other securities outstanding
as of December 31, 2022 not included in dilutive loss per share, as the effect would be anti-dilutive, were unvested stock
options and shares of Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, which are convertible into
Common Stock for a total of shares. 

shares of Common Stock were included in basic loss per share. Other securities outstanding
as of December 31, 2021 not included in dilutive loss per share, as the effect would be anti-dilutive, were unvested stock
options and shares of Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, which are convertible into
Common Stock for a total of shares. 

F- 12 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

to years). Maintenance
and repairs are charged to expense as incurred and improvements are capitalized. Management uses its professional judgement to determine
whether such costs meet the criteria for capitalization or must be expensed as incurred. The costs and related accumulated depreciation
of property sold or otherwise disposed of are removed from the financial statement and any gain or loss is reflected in the current period s
results of operations. For development and expansion projects, the Company capitalizes direct project costs, such as construction, architectural
and legal fees, as well as indirect project costs such as interest. Land development costs are not depreciated until they are put in
use, at which time they are capitalized as land improvements. 

F- 13 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

was comprised of of cash reserved for tenant security deposits and lender escrows for capital improvements,
insurance, and real estate taxes in the amount of . As of December 31, 2021, restricted cash consisted of related
to cash reserved for tenant security deposits. 

and above the FDIC-insured limit, respectively. 

over the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, which are still stabilizing. The Company has
incurred additional corporate payroll and overhead and interest expense in order to accomplish such growth which has driven losses and
used operating cash flow. 

F- 14 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

F- 15 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

percent likely
to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. 

cash reserved for tenant security deposits to separately present as restricted cash on the consolidated balance sheet. 

cost of home sales to a separate
expense line item on the consolidated statement of operations and gross proceeds from home sales is presented in revenue. 

from loss on home sales in within the net cash provided by operating activities section to proceeds from sale of homes
within the net cash used in investing activities section of the consolidated statement of cash flows. For the year ended December 31,
2021, the Company also reclassified several line items within the net cash provided by financing activities section of the consolidated
statement of cash flows to separately show refinancing activity from regular debt service payments. 

F- 16 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

F- 17 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

for which homes owned by Gvest
Anderson Homes LLC, Gvest Capital View Homes LLC, Gvest Hidden Oaks Homes LLC, Gvest Carolinas 4 Homes LLC and Gvest Sunnyland Homes
LLC were collateral. Homes in these communities were transferred to the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, MHP Home Holdings LLC,
in exchange for the debt paid off on behalf of these VIE entities owned by Gvest Finance LLC and intercompany debt forgiven totaling
 . This change in ownership of the homes is reflected in the current period s balance sheet and the difference between the
debt paid off and forgiven and the cost basis of the assets exchanged is reflected as an adjustment to additional paid in capital of
 on the statement of changes in deficit which is eliminated in consolidation. Furthermore, the Company used refinance proceeds
to pay off loans held by Gvest Finance LLC and Gvest Springlake Homes LLC which financed homes in the Springlake and Countryside communities.
An intercompany loan of is included in accrued liabilities and eliminated in consolidation equal to the Countryside and Springlake
debt and refinance costs paid by the Company on the VIEs behalf that have not yet been repaid as of the date of this report. See
Note 5 for more information about the refinance. 

and , respectively, after deducting an additional management
fee equal to cash flow after debt service per the management agreement of and , respectively. 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Net Investment Property 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Accounts Receivable 

Other Assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Deficit 

Accounts Payable 

Notes Payable, net of and debt discount, respectively 

Line of Credit, net of and debt discount, respectively 

Accrued Liabilities (1) 

Tenant Security Deposits 
 -
 
 -

Total Liabilities 

Non-Controlling interest 

Total Non-controlling interest in variable interest entity equity 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The intercompany balances have been eliminated on the consolidated balance sheet. 

F- 18 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Site and Land Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements 

Construction in Process 

Total Investment Property 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Net Investment Property 

and , respectively. 

for use
in the Golden Isles, Springlake, Sunnyland, and Crestview communities. The majority of these recently purchased homes along with
several new homes purchased during 2021 are not yet occupiable and still in the set-up phase as of December 31, 2022 and are
included in Construction in Process on the balance sheet as of that date. 

including set up costs for use in the
Springlake community and 14 new manufactured homes for approximately including set up costs for use in the Golden
Isles community that were not yet occupiable and were still in the set-up phase as of December 31, 2021 and were included in Construction
in Process on the balance sheet as of that date. 

F- 19 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

acres and an adjacent parcel
of acres of undeveloped land for a total purchase price of . Sunnyland MHP LLC purchased the land and land improvements
and the Company s VIE, Gvest Sunnyland Homes LLC, purchased the homes. 

acres for
a total purchase price of . Warrenville MHP LLC purchased the land and land improvements and the Company s VIE, Gvest
Warrenville Homes LLC, purchased the homes. 

acres for a total purchase price
of . Spaulding MHP LLC purchased the land, land improvements, and homes. 

acres of undeveloped land zoned for approximately 200 mobile home lots in
Raeford, North Carolina, a town in the Fayetteville Metropolitan Statistical Area for a total purchase price of . 

acres for a total purchase price of
 . Solid Rock MHP LLC purchased the land and land improvements, and Solid Rock MHP Homes LLC purchased homes. 

acres for a total purchase price of .
Red Fox MHP LLC purchased the land, land improvements, and homes. 

acres for a total purchase price of . Statesville MHP LLC, Northview MHP LLC, and Timberview MHP LLC purchased the land
and land improvements, and MHP Home Holdings LLC purchased the homes. 

acres for a total purchase price of .
Glynn Acres MHP LLC purchased the land, land improvements, and homes. 

membership interests in two LLCs which owned two manufactured housing communities located in Wake Forest, North Carolina, a part of the
Raleigh metropolitan area, consisting of 72 sites on approximately acres for a total purchase price of . Wake Forest 2 MHP
LLC purchased the LLC membership interests which included the assets that make up the Cooley s and Country Road communities. On
the same day, Gvest Wake Forest 2 Homes LLC purchased the homes. 

acres for a total purchase
price of that is in close proximity to another community in our portfolio. Mobile Cottage MHP LLC purchased the land, land improvements,
and homes. 

F- 20 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

-

January 2022 
 Sunnyland Gvest 
 -
 
 -

March 2022 
 Warrenville MHP (2) 

-

March 2022 
 Warrenville Gvest 
 -
 
 -

June 2022 
 Spaulding MHP 

June 2022 
 Raeford MHP Parcel 
 
 -
 
 -

July 2022 
 Solid Rock MHP 

July 2022 
 Red Fox MHP 

September 2022 
 Statesville MHP 

September 2022 
 Northview MHP 

September 2022 
 Timberview MHP 

October 2022 
 Glynn Acres MHP 

November 2022 
 Cooley s MHP 

-

November 2022 
 Cooley s Gvest 
 -
 
 -

November 2022 
 Country Road MHP 

-

November 2022 
 Country Road Gvest 
 -
 
 -

December 2022 
 Mobile Cottage MHP 

Total Purchase Price 

Acquisition Costs 

Total Investment Property 

-

March 2021 
 Golden Isles Gvest 
 -
 
 -

July 2021 
 Anderson MHP (10) 
 
 (a) 

July 2021 
 Anderson Gvest 
 -
 
 -

September 2021 
 Capital View MHP 

-

September 2021 
 Capital View Gvest 
 -
 
 -

September 2021 
 Hidden Oaks MHP 

-

September 2021 
 Hidden Oaks Gvest 
 -
 
 -

October 2021 
 North Raleigh MHP (5) 

December 2021 
 Dixie MHP 

December 2021 
 Driftwood MHP 

December 2021 
 Meadowbrook MHP 

December 2021 
 Asheboro MHP (2) 

-

December 2021 
 Asheboro Gvest 
 -
 
 -

December 2021 
 Morganton MHP 

-

December 2021 
 Morganton Gvest 
 -
 
 -

Total Purchase Price 

Acquisition Costs 
 -

Total Investment Property 

which is included in the improvements column above. 

.
This disposition resulted in a gain of , which is reflected in gain on sale of property on the consolidated statement of operations. 

inclusive of probable
and non-probable acquisitions that have not yet closed as of the date of this filing. See Note 10 for information about acquisitions
that occurred subsequent to December 31, 2022. 

F- 21 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Total community operating expenses 

Corporate payroll and overhead 

Depreciation expense 

Interest expense 

Refinance costs 

Cost of home sales 

Other income 

Gain on sale of community 
 
 - 
 
 Net loss 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net loss attributable to Manufactured Housing Properties, Inc. 

Preferred stock dividends / accretion 

Net loss 

Net loss per share 

F- 22 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

to with to years principal amortization. The promissory notes are secured by the real
estate assets and 31 notes totaling are guaranteed by Raymond M. Gee, the Company s chairman and chief executive
officer. 

. The loan proceeds were primarily used to pay off third party notes and line of credit
with various other lenders totaling approximately , promissory note issued to Metrolina Loan Holdings, LLC for 
and a revolving promissory Note issued to Gvest Real Estates Capital LLC for . KeyBank withheld approximately in
escrow for planned capital projects to improve the financed communities which is included in restricted cash. The Company recognized
refinancing expense of in connection with the debt we extinguished including write-off of net unamortized debt issuance costs
totaling , prepayment penalties of , and other fees of . The new loans with KeyBank are interest-only at 
for the first months of the term with principal and interest payments continuing thereafter until maturity on . The
Company may prepay the notes in part or in full subject to prepayment penalties if repaid before , and without penalty if
repaid on or subsequent to that date. The loans are secured by the real estate, which predominately excludes mobile homes, and are guaranteed
by the Company and Raymond M. Gee. The Company capitalized of debt issuance costs in connection with this refinancing including
a accrued guaranty fee owed to Raymond M. Gee to be paid at a later date. 

F- 23 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

and , respectively. The following are the terms of these notes: 

- 
 - 

Pecan Grove MHP LLC - KeyBank 

-

Azalea MHP LLC 

- 

Azalea MHP LLC - KeyBank 

-

Holly Faye MHP LLC 

- 

Holly Faye MHP LLC - KeyBank 

-

Chatham MHP LLC 

- 

Chatham MHP LLC - KeyBank 

-

Lakeview MHP LLC 

- 

Lakeview MHP LLC - KeyBank 

-

B D MHP LLC 

- 

B D MHP LLC - KeyBank 

-

Hunt Club MHP LLC 

- 

Hunt Club MHP LLC - KeyBank 

-

Crestview MHP LLC 

- 

Crestview MHP LLC - KeyBank 

-

Maple Hills MHP LLC 

- 

Maple Hills MHP LLC - KeyBank 

-

Springlake MHP LLC 

Springlake MHP LLC - KeyBank 

-

ARC MHP LLC 

- 

ARC MHP LLC - KeyBank 

-

Countryside MHP LLC 

Countryside MHP LLC - KeyBank 

-

Evergreen MHP LLC 

- 

Evergreen MHP LLC - KeyBank 

-

Golden Isles MHP LLC 

- 

Golden Isles MHP LLC - KeyBank 

-

Anderson MHP LLC 

Anderson MHP LLC - KeyBank 

-

Capital View MHP LLC 

Capital View MHP LLC - KeyBank 

- 
 
 Hidden Oaks MHP LLC 

Hidden Oaks MHP LLC - KeyBank 

-

North Raleigh MHP LLC 

- 

North Raleigh MHP LLC - KeyBank 

-

Charlotte 3 Park MHP
 LLC (Dixie, Driftwood, Meadowbrook) (1) 

-

Charlotte 3 Park MHP
 LLC (Dixie, Driftwood, Meadowbrook) (2) 

- 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Charlotte 3 Park MHP LLC (Dixie) KeyBank 

- 
 
 Charlotte 3 Park MHP LLC (Driftwood) - KeyBank 

-

Carolinas 4 MHP LLC (Asheboro, Morganton) 

-

Carolinas 4 MHP LLC (Asheboro) - KeyBank 

-

F- 24 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

-

Sunnyland MHP LLC (2) 

-
 
 -

Sunnyland MHP LLC - KeyBank 

-

Warrenville MHP LLC 

-

Spaulding MHP LLC 

- 
 
 Solid Rock MHP LLC 

- 
 
 Red Fox MHP LLC 

- 
 
 Statesville MHP LLC 
 
 SOFR +2.35 

-

Timberview MHP LLC 
 
 SOFR +2.35 

-

Northview MHP LLC - land (Seller Finance) 

- 
 
 Statesville, Northview, and Timberview MHP LLC - homes
 (Seller Finance) 

- 
 
 Glynn Acres MHP LLC 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Wake Forest MHP LLC (Cooley s, Country Road) 

- 
 
 Mobile Cottage MHP LLC 

- 
 
 Gvest Finance LLC (B D homes) 

- 

Gvest Finance LLC (Countryside homes) 

- 
 - 

Gvest Finance LLC (Golden Isles homes) 

Gvest Anderson Homes LLC 

-

Gvest Capital View Homes LLC 

-

Gvest Hidden Oaks Homes LLC 

-

Gvest Carolinas 4 Homes LLC (Asheboro, Morganton) 

-

Gvest Sunnyland Homes
 LLC (2) 

-
 
 -

Gvest Warrenville Homes LLC 

-

Gvest Wake Forest 2 Homes LLC
 (Cooley s, Country Road homes) 

Total Notes
 Payable 

Discount Direct Lender Fees 

Total Net of
 Discount 

on March 1, 2022 and recognized refinancing cost expense totaling . This community was refinanced on April 14, 2022 with a different lender and the Company capitalized of debt issuance costs related to the new note. (2) The Company entered into and paid off these promissory notes within the year ended December 31, 2022. 

F- 25 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Multi-Community Rental Home
 Facility 

Multi-Community
 Floorplan Home Facility (1)(2) 

Springlake
 Home Facility (2) 

-

Total Lines of
 Credit - VIEs 

Discount Direct Lender Fees 

Total Net of Discount 

related to the Occupied Home Facility and related to the Multi-Community Floorplan Home Facility and was transferred from the Multi-Community Floorplan Home Facility to the Multi-Community Rental Home Facility as the homes became occupied as rental units. Payments on the Multi-Community Floorplan Home Facility advances are interest only until each advance is paid off or transferred to the Multi-Community Rental Home Facility. 

related to the Springlake Home Facility and used the proceeds to pay down the same amount on the Multi-Community Floorplan Home Facility so that all homes at Springlake were financed by one lender. On September 1, 2022, in connection with KeyBank refinancing, the Company repaid the outstanding balance of this facility on behalf of Gvest Finance LLC. During the fourth quarter of 2022, Gvest Finance LLC refinanced many of the Springlake homes adding to the Muti-Community Rental Home Facility and used the proceeds to repay the Company. 

F- 26 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING
PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

. As
of December 31, 2021, the balance on this note was . On September 2, 2022, the Company repaid the full outstanding balance
of the loan with proceeds from the KeyBank portfolio refinance. The note bore interest at a rate of per annum and was set to
mature on . The note was guaranteed by Raymond M. Gee. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest
expense totaled 181,233 and , respectively. 

on a revolving basis for working capital or acquisition purposes. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance
on this note was . On September 9, 2022, the Company paid off the full balance with proceeds from the KeyBank portfolio
refinance. During the period while the note was outstanding, the maximum credit limit on this note was increased to and
the Company borrowed an aggregate of . This note had a five-year term and was interest-only based on a annual rate through
the maturity date and was unsecured. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest expense totaled and respectively. 

on a revolving basis for working capital or acquisition purposes. On the
same date, the Company borrowed . As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance on this note was . During the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest expense totaled and , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total minimum principal payments 

F- 27 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING
PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

shares of preferred stock, par value. 

shares of its preferred stock as
Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ). The Series A Preferred Stock
has the following voting powers, designations, preferences and relative rights, qualifications, limitations or restrictions: 

per share each month,
which is equivalent to the rate of of the liquidation preference per share. Dividends on shares of Series A Preferred Stock
will continue to accrue even if any of the Company s agreements prohibit the current payment of dividends or the Company does not
have earnings. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid dividends of and , respectively. 

. Upon a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, holders
of shares of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, before any payment or distribution is made to the holders of Common
Stock and on a pari passu basis with holders of Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock, the liquidation
preference with respect to their shares plus an amount equal to any accrued but unpaid dividends (whether or not declared) to, but not
including, the date of payment with respect to such shares. 

, subject to adjustment as set forth
in the certificate of designation. In addition, if at any time the trading price of the Common Stock is greater than the liquidation
preference of , the Company may deliver a written notice to all holders to cause each holder to convert all or part of such holders 
Series A Preferred Stock. 

and , respectively. 

F- 28 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and the Series A Preferred Stock balance was made up of Series A Preferred Stock totaling
 and accretion of put options totaling . As of December 31, 2021, there were outstanding shares of Series
A Preferred Stock and the Series A Preferred Stock balance was made up of Series A Preferred Stock totaling and accretion
of put options totaling . 

shares of its preferred stock as
Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series B Preferred Stock ). The Series B Preferred Stock has the following
voting powers, designations, preferences and relative rights, qualifications, limitations or restrictions: 

During the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid dividends of 605,019 and 579,303 respectively. 

. Upon a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, holders
of shares of Series B Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, before any payment or distribution is made to the holders of Common
Stock and on a pari passu basis with holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock, the liquidation
preference with respect to their shares plus an amount equal to any accrued but unpaid dividends (whether or not declared) to, but not
including, the date of payment with respect to such shares. 

and respectively. 

F- 29 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

During the year ended 2021, the Company sold an aggregate of shares of
Series B Preferred Stock for total gross proceeds of . After deducting a placement fee and other expenses, the Company received
net proceeds of . This offering terminated on March 30, 2021. 

shares of Series B Preferred Stock issued and outstanding and the Series B Preferred Stock balance was made
up of Series B Preferred Stock, net of commissions, totaling and accretion of put options totaling . As of
December 31, 2021, there were shares of Series B Preferred Stock issued and outstanding and the Series B Preferred
Stock balance was made up of Series B Preferred Stock, net of commissions, totaling and accretion of put options totaling
 . 

shares
of its preferred stock as Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series C Preferred Stock ). The Series
C Preferred Stock has the following voting powers, designations, preferences and relative rights, qualifications, limitations or restrictions: 

, subject to appropriate adjustment in relation to certain events, such as recapitalizations,
stock dividends, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting the Series C Preferred Stock. 

Dividends on each share begin accruing on, and
are cumulative from, the date of issuance and regardless of whether the board of directors declares and pays such dividends. Dividends
on shares of Series C Preferred Stock will continue to accrue even if any of the Company s agreements prohibit the current payment
of dividends or the Company does not have earnings. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid dividends of
 and , respectively, and due to timing of payments in arrears, accrued dividends of and , respectively,
which are presented in accrued liabilities on the balance sheets. 

F- 30 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

of the total outstanding Series C Preferred Stock per quarter and any redemptions in excess of such
limit or to the extent suspended, shall be redeemed in subsequent quarters on a first come, first served, basis. The Company will redeem
shares at a redemption price equal to the stated value of such redeemed shares, plus any accrued but unpaid dividends thereon, less the
applicable redemption fee (if any). As a percentage of the aggregate redemption price of a holder s shares to be redeemed, the
redemption fee shall be: 

of the stated value. 

F- 31 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

shares of Series C Preferred Stock at an offering price of per share for a maximum offering amount
of million. 

. After deducting
a placement fee and broker dealer commissions, the Company received net proceeds of . In addition to the placement fee and
broker dealer commissions, the Company capitalized an additional of other issuance costs associated with the offering which,
net of amortization expense, offset with the net proceeds on the balance sheet. 

shares of Series C Preferred Stock for total gross proceeds of . After deducting
a placement fee and broker dealer commissions, the Company received net proceeds of . In addition to the placement fee and
broker dealer commissions, the Company capitalized an additional of other issuance costs associated with the offering which,
net of amortization expense, offset with the net proceeds on the balance sheet. 

outstanding
shares of Series C Preferred Stock and the Series C Preferred Stock balance was made up of Series C Preferred Stock totaling 
net of unamortized debt issuance costs. As of December 31, 2021, there were outstanding shares of Series C Preferred
Stock and the Series C Preferred Stock balance was made up of Series C Preferred Stock totaling net of unamortized
debt issuance costs. 

shares of Common Stock, par value per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares of Common
Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

shares of Common Stock upon employee exercise of stock options for total exercise price of . 

shares of Common Stock to early investors in the Series B Preferred Regulation A offering, valued at . The
offering terminated in March 2021. 

shares granted
and shares remaining available under the Plan. The Company has issued options to directors, officers, and employees under the
Plan. 

and options and recorded stock option expense of and ,
respectively. The aggregate fair value of the options issued during the year ended December 31, 2022 was . The vesting schedule
for options issued to an officer in April 2022 is as follows: one third vest after one year, and two thirds vest in
equal installments over the succeeding two-year period. The vesting schedule for the other options issued during the
year ended 2022 and for the options issued in 2021 is as follows: one third vest immediately, and two thirds vest in equal annual
installments over the succeeding two-year period. With the exception of 50,000 options issued in December 2022, all options were granted
at a price of per share, which represents a price that may be deemed to be below the market value per share of the Company s
common stock as defined by the Plan. 

F- 32 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING
PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited / cancelled / expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

in-the-money options with an aggregate
intrinsic value of . 

Granted 

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited / cancelled / expired 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Exercisable at December 31, 2021 

in-the-money options with an aggregate intrinsic value of . 

F- 33 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

- 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected volatility 
 - 

Expected life of options (in years) 
 - 

per month and is on a month-to-month term. During the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, the Company paid and 144,000, respectively, of rent expense to 136 Main Street LLC. 

. 

. 

per
month and is on a month-to-month term. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid for development consulting
services to Gvest Real Estate Capital LLC. 

F- 34 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

for his personal guaranty on certain promissory notes relating to the acquisition and refinancing
of mobile home communities owned by the Company, including in relation to the Asheboro and Morganton acquisitions which
were accrued for at December 31, 2021 and paid in January 2022. The Company also accrued a guaranty fee owed to Raymond
M. Gee, during the year ended December 31, 2022, for his personal guaranty of the KeyBank portfolio refinance made up of several
loans to be paid at a later date. During the year ended December 31, 2021, Mr. Gee received for his personal guaranties
on promissory notes relating to the refinancing and acquisitions of manufactured housing communities owned by the Company and the Company
also accrued of guaranty fees which were paid in January 2022. 

to a flat rate of ; a limitation of the tax deduction for interest expense; a limitation of the deduction
for net operating losses to of current year taxable income and elimination of net operating loss carrybacks, in each case, for losses
arising in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 (though any such tax losses may be carried forward indefinitely); and modifying
or repealing many business deductions and credits. 

and the states at their various rates. As management of the Company cannot determine that it is more likely
than not that we will realize the benefit of the deferred tax assets, a valuation allowance equal to the deferred tax asset has been established
at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

and , respectively. The change in the valuation allowance
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The provision to return true up adjustment
primarily related to a depreciation true up on the amended 2020 tax return and the 2021 tax return. 

Increase (decrease) in income taxes results from: 

VIE loss 

Nondeductible Preferred C dividends 
 
 -

Change in effective rate 
 
 -

Change in valuation allowance 

Provision to return true up 

Income tax expense (benefit) 
 -
 
 -

F- 35 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING
PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Income tax benefit - State 

VIE loss 
 - 
 - 
 
 Nondeductible Preferred C dividends 
 - 
 -

Change in effective rate 
 
 -

Change in valuation allowance 
 - 

Provision to return true up 
 - 
 - 
 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 

Amortization 

Related party accrued interest 
 
 -

Other 

Deferred tax assets: 

Operating loss carryforwards 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred income tax asset 
 -
 
 -

F- 36 

MANUFACTURED HOUSING
PROPERTIES INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

shares of Series C Preferred Stock in additional closings of this offering for total gross proceeds
of . After deducting a placement fee, the Company received net proceeds of approximately . 

acres for a total purchase price of . On December 9, 2022, MHP Pursuits LLC
assigned its rights and obligations in the purchase agreement to Country Aire MHP LLC, an entity wholly owned by the Company, pursuant
to an assignment of purchase and sale agreement. On January 12, 2023, closing of the purchase agreement was completed and Country Aire
MHP LLC purchased the community. Proforma financial information is included in the unaudited proforma combined results of operations
in Note 4 of the notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

and issued a promissory note to the lender for the same amount. 

per annum, interest only until the initial maturity date of . A twelve-month extension of the maturity date is available
which if exercised, the loan would amortize during this period. Country Aire MHP LLC may prepay the note in part or in full prior to
the maturity date subject to an exit fee as defined in the loan agreement. 

homes on approximately acres for a total purchase price of . On January 12, 2023,
MHP Pursuits LLC assigned its rights and obligations in the purchase agreement to Merritt Place MHP LLC, an entity wholly owned by the
Company, pursuant to an assignment of purchase and sale agreement. On January 27, 2023, closing of the purchase agreement was completed
and Merritt Place MHP LLC purchased the land, land improvements, and buildings, further expanding the Company s presence in the
Brunswick market. Proforma financial information is included in the unaudited proforma combined results of operations in Note 4 of the
notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

and issued a promissory note to the lender for the same amount. The note stipulates
that Merritt Place MHP LLC will repay the note in full within 5 days of the seller-lender completing development of 14 additional sites.
Interest is not charged under this note. 

and issued a promissory note to the lender for the same amount. PrimeSouth Bank agreed
to loan an additional to Merritt Place MHP LLC upon the completion of the development of 14 additional lots. 

per annum and thereafter
based on the daily Wall Street Journal Prime Rate plus a margin of . Payments will be interest only until maturity on . Merritt Place MHP LLC may prepay the PrimeSouth Bank note in part or in full subject to a penalty as defined in the loan agreement
and the note is guaranteed by Raymond M. Gee. 

stock options to a key employee pursuant to the Stock Compensation Plan administered by the Compensation
Committee. 

F- 37 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

/s/ Raymond M. Gee 

Name: 
 Raymond M. Gee 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/ Raymond M. Gee 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Raymond M. Gee 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Vira Turchinyak 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Vira Turchinyak 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Jay Wardlaw III 
 
 President, Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Jay Wardlaw III 

/s/ William H. Carter 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 William H. Carter 

/s/ Richard M. Gee 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Richard M. Gee 

/s/ John P. Gee 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 John P. Gee 

/s/ Terry Robertson 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Terry Robertson 

63 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-1_manufactured.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

General 

The following description summarizes important
terms of the classes of our capital stock as of December 31, 2022. This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its
entirety by the provisions of our articles of incorporation and our bylaws, which have been filed as exhibits to this annual report. 

Our authorized capital stock consists of 200,000,000
shares of Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share. 

As of December 31, 2022, there were 12,493,012
shares of Common Stock, 1,826,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, 747,951 shares of Series B Preferred Stock and 21,584 shares of
Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. No other shares of our capital stock were issued and outstanding as of such date. 

Common Stock 

Holders of our Common Stock are entitled to one
vote for each share on all matters voted upon by our stockholders, including the election of directors, and do not have cumulative voting
rights. Subject to the rights of holders of any then outstanding shares of our Preferred Stock, our Common stockholders are entitled
to any dividends that may be declared by our board. Holders of our Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in our net assets
upon our dissolution or liquidation after payment or provision for all liabilities and any preferential liquidation rights of our Preferred
Stock then outstanding. Holders of our Common Stock have no preemptive rights to purchase shares of our stock. The shares
of our Common Stock are not subject to any redemption provisions. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of our Common
Stock will be subject to those of the holders of any shares of our Preferred Stock that we may issue in the future. 

Preferred Stock 

Our articles of incorporation further authorize
the board of directors to issue, from time to time, without stockholder approval, up to 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock. Subject
to the provisions of our articles of incorporation and limitations prescribed by law, our board is authorized to adopt resolutions to
issue shares, establish the number of shares, change the number of shares constituting any series, and provide or change the voting powers,
designations, preferences and relative rights, qualifications, limitations or restrictions on shares of our Preferred Stock, including
dividend rights, terms of redemption, conversion rights and liquidation preferences, in each case without any action or vote by our stockholders. 

One of the effects of undesignated Preferred Stock
may be to enable our board to discourage an attempt to obtain control of our company by means of a tender offer, proxy contest, merger
or otherwise. The issuance of Preferred Stock may adversely affect the rights of our common stockholders by, among other things: restricting
dividends on the Common Stock; diluting the voting power of the Common Stock; impairing the liquidation rights of the Common Stock; or
delaying or preventing a change in control without further action by the stockholders. 

Series A Preferred Stock 

On May 8, 2019, we filed a certificate of designation
with the Nevada Secretary of State to establish our Series A Preferred Stock. We designated a total of 4,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock
as Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock. Our Series A Preferred Stock has the following voting powers, designations,
preferences and relative rights, qualifications, limitations or restrictions: 

Ranking . The Series A Preferred
Stock ranks, as to dividend rights and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution, or winding up, senior to our Common Stock and pari
passu with our Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock. The terms of the Series A Preferred Stock will not limit
our ability to (i) incur indebtedness or (ii) issue additional equity securities that are equal or junior in rank to the shares of our
Series A Preferred Stock as to distribution rights and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 

Dividend Rate and Payment Dates .
Dividends on our Series A Preferred Stock are cumulative and payable monthly in arrears to all holders of record on the applicable record
date. Holders of our Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive cumulative dividends in the amount of 0.017 per share each
month, which is equivalent to the rate of 8 of the 2.50 liquidation preference per share. Dividends on shares of our Series A Preferred
Stock will continue to accrue even if any of our agreements prohibit the current payment of dividends or we do not have earnings. 

Liquidation Preference . The liquidation
preference for each share of our Series A Preferred Stock is 2.50. Upon a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our company, holders
of shares of our Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, before any payment or distribution is made to the holders of our
Common Stock and on a pari passu basis with holders of our Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock, the
liquidation preference with respect to their shares plus an amount equal to any accrued but unpaid dividends (whether or not declared)
to, but not including, the date of payment with respect to such shares. 

Stockholder Optional Conversion .
Each share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible, at any time and from time to time, at the option of the holder thereof and without
the payment of additional consideration, into that number of shares of Common Stock determined by dividing the liquidation preference
of such share by the conversion price then in effect. The conversion price is initially equal 2.50, subject to adjustment as set forth
in the certificate of designation. In addition, if at any time the trading price of our Common Stock is greater than the liquidation preference
of 2.50, we may deliver a written notice to all holders to cause each holder to convert all or part of such holders Series A Preferred
Stock. 

Company Call and Stockholder Put Options .
Commencing on the fifth anniversary of the initial issuance of shares of our Series A Preferred Stock and continuing indefinitely thereafter,
we shall have a right to call for redemption the outstanding shares of our Series A Preferred Stock at a call price equal to 3.75, or
150 of the original issue price of our Series A Preferred Stock, and correspondingly, each holder of shares of our Series A Preferred
Stock shall have a right to put the shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder back to us at a put price equal to 3.75, or
150 of the original issue purchase price of such shares. 

Further Issuances . We will not be
required to redeem shares of our Series A Preferred Stock at any time except as otherwise described above under the caption Company
Call and Stockholder Put Options . Accordingly, the shares of our Series A Preferred Stock will remain outstanding indefinitely,
unless we decide, at our option, to exercise our call right, the holder of the Series A Preferred Stock exercises his put right or the
holder of shares of Series A Preferred Stock converts such stock into Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the Series A Preferred
Stock. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock are not subject to any sinking fund. 

Voting Rights . We may not authorize
or issue any class or series of equity securities ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividends or distributions upon
liquidation (including securities convertible into or exchangeable for any such senior securities) or amend our articles of incorporation
(whether by merger, consolidation, or otherwise) to materially and adversely change the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock without
the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on such matter by holders of our outstanding shares of Series
A Preferred Stock, voting together as a class. Otherwise, holders of the shares of our Series A Preferred Stock do not have any voting
rights. 

Series B Preferred Stock 

On December 2, 2019, we filed a certificate of
designation with the Nevada Secretary of State to establish our Series B Preferred Stock. We designated a total of 1,000,000 shares of
Preferred Stock as Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock. Our Series B Preferred Stock has the following voting
powers, designations, preferences and relative rights, qualifications, limitations or restrictions: 

Ranking . The Series B Preferred
Stock ranks, as to dividend rights and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution, or winding up, senior to our Common Stock and pari
passu with our Series A Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock. The terms of the Series B Preferred Stock do not limit
our ability to (i) incur indebtedness or (ii) issue additional equity securities that are equal or junior in rank to the shares of our
Series B Preferred Stock as to distribution rights and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 

Dividend Rate and Payment Dates .
Dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock are cumulative and payable monthly in arrears to all holders of record on the applicable record
date. Holders of our Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to receive cumulative dividends in the amount of 0.067 per share each month,
which is equivalent to the annual rate of 8 of the 10.00 liquidation preference per share; provided that upon an event of default (generally
defined as our failure to pay dividends when due or to redeem shares when requested by a holder), such amount shall be increased to 0.083
per month, which is equivalent to the annual rate of 10 of the 10.00 liquidation preference per share. Dividends on shares of our Series
B Preferred Stock will continue to accrue even if any of our agreements prohibit the current payment of dividends or we do not have earnings. 

2 

Liquidation Preference . The liquidation
preference for each share of our Series B Preferred Stock is 10.00. Upon a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our company, holders
of shares of our Series B Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, before any payment or distribution is made to the holders of our
Common Stock and on a pari passu basis with holders of our Series A Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock, the
liquidation preference with respect to their shares plus an amount equal to any accrued but unpaid dividends (whether or not declared)
to, but not including, the date of payment with respect to such shares. 

Company Call and Stockholder Put Options .
Commencing on November 29, 2024 (the fifth anniversary of the initial closing of this offering) and continuing indefinitely thereafter,
we shall have a right to call for redemption the outstanding shares of our Series B Preferred Stock at a call price equal to 15.00, or
150 of the original issue price of our Series B Preferred Stock, and correspondingly, each holder of shares of our Series B Preferred
Stock shall have a right to put the shares of Series B Preferred Stock held by such holder back to us at a put price equal to 15.00,
or 150 of the original issue purchase price of such shares. 

Further Issuances . We will not be
required to redeem shares of our Series B Preferred Stock at any time except as otherwise described above under the caption Company
Call and Stockholder Put Options . Accordingly, the shares of our Series B Preferred Stock will remain outstanding indefinitely,
unless we decide, at our option, to exercise our call right, the holder of the Series B Preferred Stock exercises his put right. The shares
of Series B Preferred Stock will not be subject to any sinking fund. 

Voting Rights . We may not authorize
or issue any class or series of equity securities ranking senior to the Series B Preferred Stock as to dividends or distributions upon
liquidation (including securities convertible into or exchangeable for any such senior securities) or amend our articles of incorporation
(whether by merger, consolidation, or otherwise) to materially and adversely change the terms of the Series B Preferred Stock without
the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on such matter by holders of our outstanding shares of Series
B Preferred Stock, voting together as a class. Otherwise, holders of the shares of our Series B Preferred Stock will not have any voting
rights. 

No Conversion Right . The Series
B Preferred Stock are not convertible into shares of our Common Stock. 

Series C Preferred Stock 

On May 24, 2021, we filed an amended and restated
certificate of designation with the Nevada Secretary of State to establish our Series C Preferred Stock. We designated a total of 47,000
shares of Preferred Stock as Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock. Our Series C Preferred Stock has following
voting powers, designations, preferences and relative rights, qualifications, limitations or restrictions: 

Ranking . The Series C Preferred
Stock ranks, as to dividend rights and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution, or winding up, senior to our Common Stock and pari
passu with our Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock. The terms of the Series C Preferred Stock do not limit
our ability to (i) incur indebtedness or (ii) issue additional equity securities that are equal or junior in rank to the shares of our
Series C Preferred Stock as to distribution rights and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 

Stated Value . Each share of Series
C Preferred Stock has an initial stated value of 1,000, which is equal to the offering price per share, subject to appropriate adjustment
in relation to certain events, such as recapitalizations, stock dividends, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar
events affecting our Series C Preferred Stock. 

3 

Dividend Rate and Payment Dates .
Dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock are cumulative and payable monthly in arrears to all holders of record on the applicable record
date. Holders of our Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to receive cumulative monthly cash dividends at a per annum rate of 7 of the
stated value (or 5.83 per share each month based on the initial stated value). Dividends on each share begin accruing on, and are cumulative
from, the date of issuance and regardless of whether our board of directors declares and pays such dividends. Dividends on shares of our
Series C Preferred Stock will continue to accrue even if any of our agreements prohibit the current payment of dividends or we do not
have earnings. 

Liquidation Preference . Upon a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of our company, holders of shares of our Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, before any payment
or distribution is made to the holders of our Common Stock and on a pari passu basis with holders of our Series A Preferred
Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, a liquidation preference equal to the stated value per share, plus accrued but unpaid dividends thereon. 

Redemption Request at the Option of a Holder .
Once per calendar quarter, a holder will have the opportunity to request that we redeem that holder s Series C Preferred Stock.
Our board of directors may, however, suspend cash redemptions at any time in its discretion if it determines that it would not be in
the best interests of our company to effectuate cash redemptions at a given time because we do not have sufficient cash, including because
our board believes that our cash on hand should be utilized for other business purposes. Redemptions will be limited to four percent
(4 of the total outstanding Series C Preferred Stock per quarter and any redemptions in excess of such limit or to the extent suspended,
shall be redeemed in subsequent quarters on a first come, first served, basis. We will redeem shares at a redemption price equal to the
stated value of such redeemed shares, plus any accrued but unpaid dividends thereon, less the applicable redemption fee (if any). As
a percentage of the aggregate redemption price of a holder s shares to be redeemed, the redemption fee shall be: 

11 if the redemption is requested on or before the first anniversary of the original issuance of such
shares; 

8 if the redemption is requested after the first anniversary and on or before the second anniversary
of the original issuance of such shares; 

5 if the redemption is requested after the second anniversary and on or before the third anniversary
of the original issuance of such shares; and 

after the third anniversary of the date of original issuance of shares to be redeemed, no redemption fee
shall be subtracted from the redemption price. 

Optional Redemption by our company .
We have the right (but not the obligation) to redeem shares of Series C Preferred Stock at a redemption price equal to the stated value
of such redeemed shares, plus any accrued but unpaid dividends thereon; provided, however, that if we redeem any shares
of Series C Preferred Stock prior to the fourth (4 th anniversary of their issuance, then the redemption price shall include
a premium equal to ten percent (10 of the stated value. 

Mandatory Redemption by our company .
We are required to redeem the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock on the fourth (4 th anniversary of their issuance
at a redemption price equal to the stated value of such redeemed shares, plus any accrued but unpaid dividends thereon. 

Optional Repurchase Upon Death, Disability
or Bankruptcy of a Holder . Subject to certain restrictions and conditions, we will also repurchase shares of Series C Preferred
Stock of a holder who is a natural person (including an individual beneficial holder who holds shares through a custodian or nominee,
such as a broker-dealer) upon his or her death, total disability or bankruptcy, within sixty (60) days of our receipt of a written request
from the holder or the holder s estate at a repurchase price equal to the stated value, plus accrued and unpaid dividends thereon.
A total disability means a determination by a physician approved by us that a holder, who was gainfully employed and working
at least forty (40) hours per week as of the date on which his or her shares were purchased, has been unable to work forty (40) or more
hours per week for at least twenty-four (24) consecutive months. Please see the certificate of designation, the form of which has been
filed as an exhibit to the offering statement of which this offering circular forms a part, for the procedures to request a repurchase. 

4 

Restrictions on Redemption and Repurchase . We
are not obligated to redeem or repurchase shares of Series C Preferred Stock if we are restricted by applicable law or our articles of
incorporation from making such redemption or repurchase or to the extent any such redemption or repurchase would cause or constitute a
default under any borrowing agreements to which we or any of our subsidiaries are a party or otherwise bound. In addition, we have no
obligation to redeem shares in connection with a redemption request made by a holder if we determine, as of the redemption date, that
we do not have sufficient funds available to fund that redemption. In this regard, we will have complete discretion under the certificate
of designation for the Series C Preferred Stock to determine whether we are in possession of sufficient funds to fund a
redemption request. To the extent we are unable to complete redemptions we may have earlier agreed to make, we will complete those redemptions
promptly after we become able to do so, with all such deferred redemptions being satisfied on a first come, first served, basis. 

Voting Rights . The Series C Preferred
Stock has no voting rights relative to matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders (other than as required by law). However, we may
not, without the affirmative vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the then issued and outstanding Series C Preferred
Stock: (i) amend or waive any provision of the certificate of designation or otherwise take any action that modifies any powers, rights,
preferences, privileges or restrictions of the Series C Preferred Stock (other than an amendment solely for the purpose of changing the
number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock designated for issuance as provided in the certificate of designation); (ii) authorize, create
or issue shares of any class of stock having rights, preferences or privileges as to dividends or distributions upon a liquidation that
are superior to the Series C Preferred Stock; or (iii) amend our articles of incorporation in a manner that adversely and materially affects
the rights of the Series C Preferred Stock. 

No Conversion Right . The Series
C Preferred Stock is not convertible into shares of our Common Stock. 

Anti-takeover Effects of Nevada Law 

Business Combinations 

The business combination provisions
of Sections 78.411 to 78.444, inclusive, of the Nevada Revised Statutes prohibit a Nevada corporation with at least 200 stockholders from
engaging in various combination transactions with any interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date
of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the transaction is approved by the board of directors
prior to the date the interested stockholder obtained such status; or after the expiration of the three-year period, unless: 

the transaction is approved by the board of directors or a majority of the voting power held by disinterested
stockholders, or 

if the consideration to be paid by the interested stockholder is at least equal to the highest of: (a)
the highest price per share paid by the interested stockholder within the three years immediately preceding the date of the announcement
of the combination or in the transaction in which it became an interested stockholder, whichever is higher, (b) the market value per share
of common stock on the date of announcement of the combination and the date the interested stockholder acquired the shares, whichever
is higher, or (c) for holders of preferred stock, the highest liquidation value of the preferred stock, if it is higher. 

A combination is defined to include
mergers or consolidations or any sale, lease exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition, in one transaction or a series
of transactions, with an interested stockholder having: (a) an aggregate market value equal to 5 or more of the aggregate
market value of the assets of the corporation, (b) an aggregate market value equal to 5 or more of the aggregate market value of all
outstanding shares of the corporation, or (c) 10 or more of the earning power or net income of the corporation. In general, an interested
stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns (or within three years, did own) 10 or more of a corporation s
voting stock. 

These provisions could prohibit or delay mergers
or other takeover or change in control attempts and, accordingly, may discourage attempts to acquire our company even though such a transaction
may offer stockholders the opportunity to sell their stock at a price above the prevailing market price. 

5 

Control Share Acquisitions 

The control share provisions of
Sections 78.378 to 78.3793, inclusive, of the Nevada Revised Statutes, which apply only to Nevada corporations with at least 200 stockholders,
including at least 100 stockholders of record who are Nevada residents, and which conduct business directly or indirectly in Nevada, prohibit
an acquiror, under certain circumstances, from voting its shares of a target corporation s stock after crossing certain ownership
threshold percentages, unless the acquiror obtains approval of the target corporation s disinterested stockholders. These provisions
specify three thresholds: one-fifth or more but less than one-third, one-third but less than a majority, and a majority or more, of the
outstanding voting power. Once an acquiror crosses one of the above thresholds, those shares in an offer or acquisition, and acquired
within 90 days thereof, become control shares and such control shares are deprived of the right to vote until disinterested
stockholders restore the right. These provisions also provide that if control shares are accorded full voting rights and the acquiring
person has acquired a majority or more of all voting power, all other stockholders who do not vote in favor of authorizing voting rights
to the control shares are entitled to demand payment for the fair value of their shares in accordance with statutory procedures established
for dissenters rights. 

Anti-takeover Effects of Articles of Incorporation
and Bylaws 

Our articles of incorporation and bylaws also
contain certain provisions that may have anti-takeover effects, making it more difficult for or preventing a third party from acquiring
control of our company or changing our board of directors and management. 

As noted above, our articles of incorporation
authorize our board to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock without further stockholder approval. The Preferred Stock may
be issued in one or more series, the terms of which may be determined at the time of issuance by the board of directors without further
action by the stockholders. These terms may include preferences as to dividends and liquidation, conversion rights, redemption rights
and sinking fund provisions. The issuance of any Preferred Stock could diminish the rights of holders of Common Stock, and therefore could
reduce the value of such Common Stock. In addition, specific rights granted to future holders of Preferred Stock could be used to restrict
our ability to merge with, or sell assets to, a third party. The ability of the board to issue Preferred Stock could make it more difficult,
delay, discourage, prevent or make it more costly to acquire or effect a change-in-control, which in turn could prevent stockholders from
recognizing a gain in the event that a favorable offer is extended and could materially and negatively affect the market price of our
Common Stock. 

In addition, according to our articles of incorporation
and bylaws neither the holders of Common Stock nor the holders of Preferred Stock have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors.
The lack of cumulative voting makes it more difficult for other stockholders to replace the board of directors or for a third party to
obtain control of our company by replacing the board of directors. The bylaws also contain a limitation as to who may call special meetings
as well as require advance notice of stockholder matters to be brought at a meeting. Additionally, our bylaws also provide that no director
may be removed by less than a two-thirds vote of the issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote on the removal. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent and registrar for our Common
Stock is American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC with an address at 6201 15 th Avenue, Brooklyn, NY 11219. Their phone
number is (718) 921-8124. 

6 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-19.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex19-1_manufactured.htm
 INSIDER TRADING POLICY

Exhibit 19.1 

MANUFACTURED
HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. 

INSIDER
TRADING POLICY 

1. PURPOSE 

This
Insider Trading Policy (this Policy states the policy with respect to transactions in the securities of Manufactured
Housing Properties Inc. (the Company ), and the handling of confidential information about the Company and other
companies with which the Company does business. The Company s Board of Directors has adopted this Policy to promote compliance
with federal and state securities laws that prohibit certain persons who are aware of material nonpublic information about a company
from (i) trading in securities of that company, or (ii) providing material nonpublic information to other persons who may trade on the
basis of that information. 

2. PERSONS
 SUBJECT TO THE POLICY 

This
Policy applies to all members of the Company s Board of Directors (collectively, directors and each, a director ),
officers and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Company may also determine that other persons should be subject to this
Policy, such as contractors or consultants who have access to material nonpublic information about the Company. With respect to any person
covered by this Policy, this Policy also applies to that person s family members, other members of that person s household,
and entities controlled by that person, as described below under Transactions by Family Members and Others and Transactions
by Entities That You Influence or Control. 

3. TRANSACTIONS
 SUBJECT TO THE POLICY 

This
Policy applies to transactions in the Company s securities (collectively, Company Securities ), including the
Company s common stock, restricted stock, options to purchase common stock, or any other type of security the Company may issue,
including (but not limited to) preferred stock, convertible debentures and warrants. In addition, this Policy applies to derivative securities
that are not issued by the Company but which relate to Company Securities, such as exchange-traded put or call options or swaps. This
Policy similarly applies to transactions in or relating to the securities of certain other companies with which the Company does business. 

4. INDIVIDUAL
 RESPONSIBILITY 

Persons
subject to this Policy have ethical and legal obligations to maintain the confidentiality of information about the Company and to not
engage in transactions in Company Securities while in possession of material nonpublic information. Each individual is responsible for
making sure that he or she complies with this Policy, and that any family member, household member or related entity whose transactions
are subject to this Policy, as discussed below, also comply with this Policy. In all cases, the responsibility for determining whether
an individual is in possession of material nonpublic information rests with that individual, and any action on the part of the Company,
the Administrator (as defined below) or any other employee or director pursuant to this Policy (or otherwise) does not in any way constitute
legal advice or insulate an individual from liability under applicable securities laws. You could be subject to severe legal penalties
and disciplinary action by the Company for any conduct prohibited by this Policy or applicable securities laws, as described below under
 Consequences of Violations. 

5. ADMINISTRATION
 OF THE POLICY 

The
 Administrator of this Policy is the Company s Chief Financial Officer, or such other individual designated
by the Company s Board of Directors from time to time. All determinations and interpretations by the Administrator are final and
not subject to further review. 

6. PRINCIPAL
 STATEMENT OF POLICY 

(a)
Trading in Company Securities and Disclosure of Nonpublic Information . No director, officer or other employee of the Company (or
any other person designated by this Policy or by the Administrator as subject to this Policy) who is aware of material nonpublic information
relating to the Company may, directly or indirectly through family members or other persons or entities: 

(i) 
engage in transactions in Company Securities, except as otherwise specified in this Policy under the heading Limited Exceptions; 

(ii)
recommend the purchase or sale of any Company Securities; 

(iii)
disclose material nonpublic information to persons within the Company whose jobs do not require them to have that information, or to
persons outside of the Company, including, but not limited to, family, friends, business associates, investors and consultants, except
as required in the performance of regular corporate duties and only to the extent appropriate confidentiality protections are effective
and the disclosure conforms to Company policies; or 

(iv) 
assist anyone engaged in the above activities. 

(b)
Trading in Securities of Other Companies . No director, officer or other employee of the Company (or any other person designated by
this Policy or by the Administrator as subject to this Policy) who, in the course of working for the Company, learns of material
nonpublic information about a company with which the Company does or intends to do business, including a customer, supplier or
service provider of the Company, may trade in that company s securities until the information becomes public or is no longer material. 

(c)
No Exceptions . There are no exceptions to this Policy, except as specifically noted herein. Transactions that may be necessary or
justifiable for independent reasons (such as the need to raise money for an emergency expenditure), or small transactions, are not excluded
from this Policy. The securities laws do not recognize any mitigating circumstances, and, in any event, even the appearance of an improper
transaction must be avoided to preserve the Company s reputation for adhering to the highest standards of conduct. 

7. DEFINITION
 OF MATERIAL NONPUBLIC INFORMATION 

(a)
Material Information . Information is considered material if a reasonable investor would consider that information important
in making a decision to buy, hold or sell securities. Any information that could be expected to impact the Company s stock
price, whether it is positive or negative, is considered material. There is no bright-line standard for assessing materiality;
rather, materiality is based on an assessment of all of the facts and circumstances, and is often evaluated by enforcement authorities
with the benefit of hindsight. While it is not possible to define all categories of material information, some examples of information
that ordinarily would be regarded as material are: 

operating
 or financial results or projections, including earnings guidance; 

analyst
 upgrades or downgrades of the Company or one of its securities; 

2 

corporate
 transactions, such as mergers, acquisitions or restructurings; 

dividend,
 share repurchase or recapitalization matters; 

debt
 or equity financing matters; 

regulatory
 matters; 

a
 change in the Board of Directors or senior management; 

a
 change in auditors or disagreements with auditors; 

impending
 bankruptcy or the existence of severe liquidity problems; 

litigation
 or regulatory proceedings and investigations; 

the
 imposition of a ban on trading in Company Securities or other securities; 

intellectual
 property and other proprietary information; and 

significant
 corporate developments, including with respect to research and development activities. 

(b)
Nonpublic Information . Information is considered nonpublic if that information has not been broadly disclosed to the
marketplace, such as by press release or a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and/or
the investing public has not had time to fully absorb that information. Nonpublic information may include: 

information
 available to a select group of persons subject to confidentiality obligations to the Company; 

undisclosed
 facts that are the subject of rumors, even if the rumors are widely circulated; and 

information
 that has been entrusted to the Company on a confidential basis. 

As
a general rule, information should not be considered fully absorbed by the investing public until the second business day after the day
on which the information is released. If, for example, the Company makes an announcement at 9 am ET on Monday, a person subject to this
Policy should not trade in Company Securities until the market opens on Wednesday. If such an announcement were made at 6 pm ET on Monday,
the person subject to this Policy should not trade in Company Securities until the market opens on Thursday. Depending on the particular
circumstances, the Company may determine that a longer or shorter period should apply. 

8. TRANSACTIONS
 BY FAMILY MEMBERS AND OTHERS 

This
Policy applies to your family members who reside with you, anyone else who lives in your household and any family members who do not
live in your household but whose transactions in Company Securities are directed by you or are subject to your influence or control,
such as parents or children who consult with you before they trade in Company Securities (collectively, Family Members ).
You are responsible for the transactions of your Family Members and therefore should make them aware of the need to confer with you before
they trade in Company Securities, and you should treat all such transactions for the purposes of this Policy and applicable securities
laws as if the transactions were for your own account. This Policy does not, however, apply to personal securities transactions of Family
Members where the purchase or sale decision is made by a third party not controlled by, influenced by or related to you or your Family
Members. 

9. TRANSACTIONS
 BY ENTITIES THAT YOU INFLUENCE OR CONTROL 

This
Policy applies to any entities that you influence or control, including any corporations, partnerships or trusts (collectively, Controlled
Entities ), and transactions by these Controlled Entities should be treated for the purposes of this Policy and applicable
securities laws as if they were for your own account. 

3 

10. LIMITED
 EXCEPTIONS 

This
Policy does not apply in the case of the following transactions (although these transactions may nevertheless be subject to the requirements
of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), applicable to directors and
executive officers): 

(a)
Option Exercises . This Policy does not apply generally to the exercise of an option, including a cashless exercise solely through
the Company or the exercise of a tax withholding right through the Company to satisfy tax withholding requirements. However, this Policy
does apply to any sale of stock received upon exercise of an option, including any deemed sale caused by an election to make a cashless
exercise through a broker, or any other market sale for the purpose of generating the cash necessary to pay the option exercise price. 

(b)
Rule 10b5-1 Plans . Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act provides a defense from insider trading liability under Rule 10b-5. In order
to be eligible to rely on this defense, a person subject to this Policy must enter into a Rule 10b5-1 plan for transactions in Company
Securities that meets certain conditions specified in the Rule (a Rule 10b5-1 Plan ). If the plan meets the requirements
of Rule 10b5-1, Company Securities may be purchased or sold without regard to certain insider trading restrictions. To comply with this
Policy, a Rule 10b5-1 Plan must be approved by the Administrator and meet the requirements of Rule 10b5-l and the Company s Guidelines
for Rule 10b5-l Plans, which are set forth in Appendix 10(b) to this Policy. In general, to ensure that a Rule 10b5-1 Plan
is entered into at a time when the person entering into the plan is not aware of material nonpublic information, it must be entered into
during an Open Trading Window. Once the plan is adopted, the person must not exercise any influence over the amount of securities to
be traded, the price at which they are to be traded or the date of the trade. The plan must either specify the amount, pricing and timing
of transactions in advance or delegate discretion on these matters to an independent third party. Any Rule 10b5-l Plan must be submitted
for approval at least five business days prior to the entry into the Rule 10b5-l Plan. No further pre-approval of transactions conducted
pursuant to the Rule 10b5-l Plan will be required. 

(c)
401(k) Plan . This Policy does not apply to purchases of Company Securities in the Company s 401(k) plan resulting from your
periodic contribution of money to the plan pursuant to your payroll deduction election. This Policy does apply, however, to certain elections
you may make under the 401(k) plan, including: (i) an election to increase or decrease the percentage of your periodic contributions
that will be allocated to any Company stock fund; (ii) an election to make an intra-plan transfer of an existing account balance into
or out of any Company stock fund; (iii) an election to borrow money against your 401(k) plan account if the loan will result in a liquidation
of some or all of any Company stock fund balance; and (iv) an election to pre-pay a plan loan if the pre-payment will result in allocation
of loan proceeds to any Company stock fund. 

(d)
Transactions Not Involving a Purchase or Sale . Bona fide gifts are not transactions subject to this Policy, unless the person making
the gift has reason to believe that the recipient intends to sell the Company Securities while the director, officer or employee is aware
of material nonpublic information, or the person making the gift is subject to the trading restrictions specified below under Additional
Procedures and the sales by the recipient of the Company Securities occur outside an Open Trading Window (as defined below). Further,
transactions in mutual funds that are invested in Company Securities are not transactions subject to this Policy. 

4 

11. SPECIAL
 AND PROHIBITED TRANSACTIONS 

The
Company has determined that there is a heightened legal risk and/or the appearance of improper or inappropriate conduct if the persons
subject to this Policy engage in certain types of transactions. Therefore, it is the Company s policy that any persons covered
by this Policy may not engage in any of the following transactions, or should otherwise consider the Company s preferences as described
below: 

(a)
Short-Term Trading . Short-term trading of Company Securities may be distracting to the person and may unduly focus the person on
the Company s short-term stock market performance instead of the Company s long-term business objectives. For these reasons,
all persons subject to this Policy who purchase Company Securities in the open market are discouraged from selling any Company Securities
of the same class during the six months following the purchase (or vice versa). Furthermore, such short-term trading by directors or
executive officers (as defined by Rule 16a-l) may result in short-swing profit liability under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act. 

(b)
Short Sales . Short sales of Company Securities (i.e., the sale of a security that the seller does not own) may evidence an expectation
on the part of the seller that the securities will decline in value, and therefore have the potential to signal to the market that the
seller lacks confidence in the Company s prospects. In addition, short sales may reduce a seller s incentive to seek to improve
the Company s performance. For these reasons, short sales of Company Securities are prohibited. Furthermore, Section 16(c) of the
Exchange Act prohibits directors and executive officers (as defined by Rule 16a-l) from engaging in short sales. Short sales arising
from certain types of hedging transactions are subject to the paragraph below captioned Hedging Transactions. 

(c)
Publicly-Traded Options . Given the relatively short term of publicly-traded options, transactions in options may imply that a director,
officer or employee is trading based on material nonpublic information and focus that director s, officer s or other employee s
attention on short-term performance at the expense of the Company s long-term objectives. Accordingly, transactions in put options,
call options or other derivative securities, on an exchange or in any other organized market, are prohibited by this Policy. Option positions
arising from certain types of hedging transactions are subject to the paragraph below captioned Hedging Transactions. 

(d)
Hedging Transactions . Hedging or monetization transactions can be accomplished through a number of possible mechanisms, including
through the use of financial instruments such as prepaid variable forwards, equity swaps, collars and exchange funds. Such hedging transactions
may permit a director, officer or employee to continue to own Company Securities, but without the full risks and rewards of ownership.
When that occurs, the director, officer or employee may no longer have the same objectives as the Company s other stockholders.
Therefore, directors, officers and employees are prohibited from engaging in any such transactions. 

(e)
Margin Accounts and Pledged Securities . Securities held in a margin account as collateral for a margin loan may be sold by the broker
without the customer s consent if the customer fails to meet a margin call. Similarly, securities pledged (or hypothecated) as
collateral for a loan may be sold in foreclosure if the borrower defaults on the loan. Because a margin sale or foreclosure sale may
occur at a time when the pledgor is aware of material nonpublic information or otherwise is not permitted to trade in Company Securities,
directors, officers and other employees are prohibited from holding Company Securities in a margin account or otherwise pledging Company
Securities as collateral for a loan unless the arrangement is specifically approved in advance by the Administrator. Pledges of Company
Securities arising from certain types of hedging transactions are subject to the paragraph above captioned Hedging Transactions. 

5 

(f) 
 Standing and Limit Orders . Standing and limit orders (except standing and limit orders under approved Rule 10b5-1 Plans, as described
above) create heightened risks for insider trading violations similar to the use of margin accounts. There is no control over the timing
of purchases or sales that result from standing instructions to a broker, and as a result the broker could execute a transaction when
a director, officer or other employee is in possession of material nonpublic information. The Company therefore discourages placing standing
or limit orders on Company Securities. If a person subject to this Policy determines that they must use a standing order or limit order,
the order should be limited to short duration and should otherwise comply with the restrictions and procedures outlined below under the
heading Additional Procedures. 

12. ADDITIONAL
 PROCEDURES 

The
Company has established additional procedures in order to assist the Company in the administration of this Policy, to facilitate compliance
with laws prohibiting insider trading while in possession of material nonpublic information, and to avoid the appearance of any impropriety.
These additional procedures are applicable only to those individuals described below. 

(a)
Pre-Clearance Procedures . All directors, officers and key employees of the Company and its subsidiaries, as well as the Family Members
and Controlled Entities of such persons Restricted Persons ), may not engage in any transaction in
Company Securities without first obtaining pre-clearance of the transaction from the Administrator. A key employee 
is an individual that has been designated as such by the Administrator due to their position in the Company and possible access to material
nonpublic information. Key employees generally include senior employees in human resources, accounting and finance functions, but may
include other employees as designated by the Administrator. The list of Restricted Persons is updated periodically by the Administrator.
You will be notified by the Administrator if you are considered a Restricted Person for purposes of this Policy. Restricted Persons
should submit a request for pre-clearance to the Administrator at least two business days in advance of the proposed transaction. 
The Administrator is under no obligation to approve a transaction submitted for pre-clearance and may determine not to permit the transaction.
If a Restricted Person seeks pre-clearance and permission to engage in the transaction is denied, then he or she should refrain from
initiating any transaction in Company Securities and should not inform any other person of the restriction. 

When
a request for pre-clearance is made, the requestor should carefully consider whether he or she may be aware of any material nonpublic
information about the Company and should describe fully those circumstances to the Administrator. The requestor should also indicate
whether he or she has effected any non-exempt opposite-way transactions (e.g., an open market sale would be opposite 
any open market purchase, and vice versa) within the past six months, and should be prepared to report the proposed transaction on an
appropriate Form 4 or Form 5. The requestor should also be prepared to comply with SEC Rule 144 and file Form 144, if necessary, at the
time of any sale. 

A
request for pre-clearance must be made in writing, preferably by submission of a completed Request for Pre-Clearance in the form of Exhibit
A to this Policy. Pre-cleared transactions should be effected promptly. Requestors are required to refresh the request for pre-clearance
if a pre-cleared transaction is not effected within five business days after pre-clearance is received. 

6 

Furthermore, requestors
must immediately notify the Administrator following the execution of any transaction. 

(b)
 Quarterly Trading Restrictions . Restricted Persons may not conduct any transactions involving the Company s Securities (other
than as specified by this Policy) except during an Open Trading Window. An Open Trading Window generally begins
on the second business day following the day of public release of the Company s quarterly (or annual) earnings and ends 15 calendar
days prior to the end of the then current quarter. The Administrator will notify Restricted Persons of the opening and closing of the
trading window. 

(c)
Event-Specific Trading Restriction Periods . From time to time, an event may occur that is material to the Company and is known by
only a few directors, officers and/or employees. So long as the event remains material and nonpublic, the persons designated by the Administrator
may not trade Company Securities. In addition, material developments impacting the Company may occur in a particular fiscal quarter that,
in the judgment of the Administrator, make it advisable that designated persons should refrain from trading in Company Securities even
during the ordinary Open Trading Window described above. In that situation, the Administrator may notify these persons that they should
not trade in the Company s Securities, without disclosing the reason for the restriction. The existence of an event-specific trading
restriction period or the closing of the Open Trading Window will be announced by the Administrator to persons designated by the Administrator.
 Even if the Administrator has not designated you a person who should not trade due to an event-specific restriction, you may not
trade while aware of material nonpublic information. Exceptions will not be granted during an event-specific trading restriction
period. 

(d)
Exceptions . 

(i) 
The quarterly trading restrictions and event-driven trading restrictions do not apply to those transactions to which this Policy does
not apply, as described above under the heading Limited Exceptions, nor do they apply to an election to participate in
an employer plan during an open enrollment period. 

(ii)
The Administrator in his or her discretion may approve other or further exceptions to these requirements on a case-by-case basis in extraordinary
circumstances. Any request for an exception pursuant to this paragraph must be submitted in advance and in writing, and any approval
must be in writing. 

13. POST-TERMINATION
 TRANSACTIONS 

This
Policy continues to apply to transactions in Company Securities even after termination of service to the Company. If an individual is
in possession of material nonpublic information when his or her service terminates, that individual may not trade in Company Securities
until that information has become public or is no longer material. The pre-clearance procedures specified under the heading Additional
Procedures above and applicable to Restricted Persons will continue to apply for a period of six months after a termination of
service, in order to facilitate compliance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 

14. CONSEQUENCES
 OF VIOLATIONS 

The
purchase or sale of securities while aware of material nonpublic information, or the disclosure of material nonpublic information to
others who then trade in the Company s Securities, is prohibited by federal and state laws. Insider trading violations are pursued
vigorously by the SEC, the U.S. Department of Justice and state enforcement authorities. Punishment for insider trading violations is
severe and could include significant fines and imprisonment. While the regulatory authorities concentrate their efforts on the individuals
who trade, or who tip inside information to others who trade, the federal securities laws also impose potential liability on companies
and other controlling persons if they fail to take reasonable steps to prevent insider trading by company personnel. 

7 

In
addition, an individual s failure to comply with this Policy may subject the individual to Company-imposed sanctions, up to and
including termination of employment, whether or not the employee s failure to comply results in a violation of law. Needless to
say, a violation of law, or even an SEC investigation that does not result in prosecution, can tarnish a person s reputation and
irreparably damage a career. 

15. REPORTING
 OF VIOLATIONS 

Any
person who violates this Policy or any federal or state law governing insider trading or tipping, or who knows of or reasonably suspects
any such violation by another person, should report the matter immediately to his or her supervisor and/or to the Administrator identified
in Section 5. Employees are obligated to report suspected and actual violations of Company policy or the law. Doing so brings the concern
into the open so that it can be resolved quickly and more serious harm can be prevented. Failure to do so could result in disciplinary
action up to and including termination of employment. 

If
you encounter a situation or are considering a course of action and its appropriateness is unclear, do not hesitate to reach out the
Administrator with any questions; even the appearance of impropriety can be very damaging and should be avoided, and the Administrator
may be in the best position to provide helpful information or other resources. 

16. CERTIFICATION 

All
persons subject to this Policy may be required to certify and re-certify, from time to time, their understanding of, and intent to comply
with, this Policy. 

17. AMENDMENT 

This
Policy may be amended by the Board of Directors or any committee or designee to which the Board of Directors delegates this authority. 

The
Administrator has the authority to make determinations under, and interpretations of, this Policy, as specified in this Policy under
the heading Administration of the Policy. In addition, the Administrator is authorized to approve amendments to this Policy
that: (i) correct obvious errors (e.g., typographical or grammatical errors); (ii) are necessitated by changes in legal requirements;
(iii) are necessary to clarify the meaning of this Policy; or (iv) are administrative in nature, such as the provisions of this Policy
under the heading Additional Procedures. 

8 

Appendix
10(b) 

Guidelines
for Rule 10b5-1 Plans 

Rule
10b5-1 under the Exchange Act provides a defense from insider trading liability under Rule 10b-5. In order to be eligible to rely on
this defense, a person subject to our Insider Trading Policy must enter into a Rule 10b5-l Plan for transactions in Company Securities
(as defined in the Insider Trading Policy) that meets certain conditions specified in the Rule. If the plan meets the requirements of
Rule 10b5-l, Company Securities may be purchased or sold without regard to certain insider trading restrictions. In general, a Rule 10b5-l
Plan must be entered into at a time when the person entering into the plan is not aware of material nonpublic information. Once the plan
is adopted, the person must not exercise any influence over the amount of securities to be traded, the price at which they are to be
traded or the date of the trade. The plan must either specify the amount, pricing and timing of transactions in advance or delegate discretion
on these matters to an independent third party. 

As
specified in the Company s Insider Trading Policy, a Rule 10b5-l Plan must be approved by the Administrator and meet the requirements
of Rule 10b5-l and these guidelines. Any Rule 10b5-l Plan must be submitted for approval at least five business days prior to the entry
into the Rule 10b5-l Plan. Once a 10b5-1 Plan is approved, no further pre-approval of transactions conducted pursuant to the plan will
be required. 

The
following guidelines apply to all Rule 10b5-l Plans: 

You
may not enter into, modify or terminate a trading program outside of an Open Trading Window or while in possession of material nonpublic
information. 

All
Rule 10b5-l Plans must have a duration of at least six months and no more than two years. 

If
a Rule 10b5-l Plan is terminated, you must wait at least 30 days before trading outside of the Rule 10b5-l Plan. 

If
a trading program is terminated, you must wait until the commencement of the next Open Trading Window before a new Rule 10b5-l Plan may
be adopted. 

You
may not commence sales under a trading program until at least 30 days following the date of establishment of a trading program. Any modification
of a trading program must not take effect for at least 30 days from the date of modification. 

You
may not enter into any transaction in Company Securities while the Rule 10b5- l Plan is in effect. 

The
approval or adoption of a Rule 10b5-l Plan in no way reduces or eliminates a person s obligations under Section 16 of the Exchange
Act, including disclosure obligations and liability for short-swing profits. Persons subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act should
consult with their own counsel in implementing a Rule 10b5-l Plan. 

Capitalized
terms used but not defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Manufactured Housing Properties Inc. Insider Trading Policy. 

Exhibit
A 

Request
for Pre-Clearance 

For
pre-clearance to transact in Company Securities. 

Upon
executing a transaction, Restricted Persons must immediately notify the Company. 

Transaction
 Vehicle (check one) 
 Transaction
 Initiated By (check one) 
 
 Open Market
 Transaction 
 Employee
 or immediate family member directly 
 
 Equity
 Compensation Plan 
 Court
or government decree (e.g., divorce decree) 
 
 Other
(specify): 
 Broker
(provide name, firm, telephone and e-mail): 

Type
 of Transaction (check one) 
 
 Purchase
or acquire common stock 
 
 Sell
or dispose of common stock 
 
 Move
Company Securities from one account to another (e.g., in or out of a trust) 
 
 Dispose
of fractional shares 
 
 Pledge
Company Securities for margin account, or otherwise 
 
 Exercise
options without subsequent sale 
 
 Exercise
options with subsequent sale (e.g., a cashless exercise 
 
 Other (describe): 

Transaction
 Detail (provide the following information) 
 
 Number of securities: 

Estimated share
 price: 

Contemplated execution
 date: 

Date of your last
 opposite way transaction : 

Certification 

I
certify that I have fully disclosed the information requested in this form, I have read the Manufactured Housing Properties Inc. Insider
Trading Policy, I am not in possession of material nonpublic information, and to the best of my knowledge and belief the proposed transaction
will not violate the Manufactured Housing Properties Inc. Insider Trading Policy. 

(Sign Above) 

(Print Name Above) 

(Date) 

Capitalized
terms used but not defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Manufactured Housing Properties Inc. Insider Trading Policy. 

If
a Section 16 insider buys and sells (or sells and buys) Company Securities within a six-month time frame and such transactions are not
exempt under SEC rules, the two transactions can be matched for purposes of Section 16. The insider may be sued and will
be strictly liable for any profits made, regardless of whether the insider was in possession of material nonpublic information . 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex21-1_manufactured.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21.1 

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 

 AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES VIE 

Name of Subsidiary 
 State of Formation 
 Date of Formation 
 Ownership 
 
 Pecan Grove MHP LLC 
 North Carolina 
 October 12, 2016 
 100 
 
 Azalea MHP LLC 
 North Carolina 
 October 25, 2017 
 100 
 
 Holly Faye MHP LLC 
 North Carolina 
 October 25, 2017 
 100 
 
 Chatham Pines MHP LLC 
 North Carolina 
 October 31, 2017 
 100 
 
 Maple Hills MHP LLC 
 North Carolina 
 October 31, 2017 
 100 
 
 Lakeview MHP LLC 
 South Carolina 
 November 1, 2017 
 100 
 
 MHP Pursuits LLC 
 North Carolina 
 January 31, 2019 
 100 
 
 Mobile Home Rentals LLC 
 North Carolina 
 September 30, 2016 
 100 
 
 Hunt Club MHP LLC 
 South Carolina 
 March 8, 2019 
 100 
 
 B D MHP LLC 
 South Carolina 
 April 4, 2019 
 100 
 
 Crestview MHP LLC 
 North Carolina 
 June 28, 2019 
 100 
 
 Springlake MHP LLC 
 Georgia 
 October 10, 2019 
 100 
 
 ARC MHP LLC 
 South Carolina 
 November 13, 2019 
 100 
 
 Countryside MHP LLC 
 South Carolina 
 March 12, 2020 
 100 
 
 Evergreen MHP LLC 
 Tennessee 
 March 17, 2020 
 100 
 
 Golden Isles MHP LLC 
 Georgia 
 March 16, 2021 
 100 
 
 Anderson MHP LLC 
 South Carolina 
 June 2, 2021 
 100 
 
 Capital View MHP LLC 
 South Carolina 
 August 6, 2021 
 100 
 
 Hidden Oaks MHP LLC 
 South Carolina 
 August 6, 2021 
 100 
 
 North Raleigh MHP LLC 
 North Carolina 
 September 16, 2021 
 100 
 
 Carolinas 4 MHP LLC 
 North Carolina 
 November 30, 2021 
 100 
 
 Charlotte 3 Park MHP LLC 
 North Carolina 
 December 10, 2021 
 100 
 
 Sunnyland MHP LLC 
 Georgia 
 January 7, 2022 
 100 
 
 Warrenville MHP LLC 
 South Carolina 
 February 15, 2022 
 100 
 
 Solid Rock MHP LLC 
 South Carolina 
 June 6, 2022 
 100 
 
 Spaulding MHP LLC 
 Georgia 
 June 10, 2022 
 100 
 
 Raeford MHP Development LLC 
 North Carolina 
 June 20, 2022 
 100 
 
 Solid Rock MHP Homes LLC 
 South Carolina 
 June 22, 2022 
 100 
 
 Country Estates MHP LLC 
 North Carolina 
 July 6, 2022 
 100 
 
 Statesville MHP LLC 
 North Carolina 
 July 6, 2022 
 100 
 
 Timberview MHP LLC 
 North Carolina 
 July 7, 2022 
 100 
 
 Red Fox MHP LLC 
 North Carolina 
 July 7, 2022 
 100 
 
 Northview MHP LLC 
 North Carolina 
 July 8, 2022 
 100 
 
 Meadowbrook MHP LLC 
 South Carolina 
 July 25, 2022 
 100 
 
 Sunnyland 2 MHP LLC 
 Georgia 
 July 27, 2022 
 100 
 
 Dalton 3 MHP LLC 
 Georgia 
 August 8, 2022 
 100 
 
 MHP Home Holdings LLC 
 North Carolina 
 August 17, 2022 
 100 
 
 Glynn Acres MHP LLC 
 Georgia 
 September 9, 2022 
 100 
 
 Wake Forest 2 MHP LLC 
 North Carolina 
 October 27, 2022 
 100 
 
 MACRAL Properties LLC 
 North Carolina 
 November 14, 2022 
 100 
 
 Ron-Ran Enterprises LLC 
 North Carolina 
 November 14, 2022 
 100 
 
 Country Aire MHP LLC 
 South Carolina 
 December 1, 2022 
 100 
 
 Mobile Cottage MHP LLC 
 North Carolina 
 December 7, 2022 
 100 
 
 Merritt Place MHP LLC 
 Georgia 
 December 6, 2022 
 100 
 
 MHR Home Development LLC 
 Delaware 
 January 19, 2023 
 100 
 
 Gvest Finance LLC 
 North Carolina 
 December 11, 2018 
 VIE 
 
 Gvest Homes I LLC 
 Delaware 
 November 9, 2020 
 VIE 
 
 Brainerd Place LLC 
 Delaware 
 February 24, 2021 
 VIE 
 
 Bull Creek LLC 
 Delaware 
 April 13, 2021 
 VIE 
 
 Gvest Anderson Homes LLC 
 Delaware 
 June 22, 2021 
 VIE 
 
 Gvest Capital View Homes LLC 
 Delaware 
 August 6, 2021 
 VIE 
 
 Gvest Hidden Oaks Homes LLC 
 Delaware 
 August 6, 2021 
 VIE 
 
 Gvest Springlake Homes LLC 
 Delaware 
 September 24, 2021 
 VIE 
 
 Gvest Carolinas 4 Homes LLC 
 Delaware 
 November 13, 2021 
 VIE 
 
 Gvest Sunnyland Homes LLC 
 Delaware 
 January 6, 2022 
 VIE 
 
 Gvest Warrenville Homes LLC 
 Delaware 
 February 14, 2022 
 VIE 
 
 Gvest Wake Forest 2 Homes LLC 
 North Carolina 
 October 27, 2022 
 VIE 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-1_manufactured.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Raymond M. Gee, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual
 report on Form 10-K of Manufactured Housing Properties Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

/s/ Raymond M. Gee 

Raymond M. Gee 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-2_manufactured.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

 I, Vira Turchinyak, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Manufactured Housing Properties Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

/s/ Vira Turchinyak 

Vira Turchinyak 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-1_manufactured.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned Chief Executive
Officer of MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. (the Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that: 

1. The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has executed this statement on March 29, 2023. 

/s/ Raymond M. Gee 

Raymond M. Gee 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to Manufactured Housing Properties Inc. and will be retained by Manufactured Housing Properties Inc.
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The forgoing certification is being furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether
made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-2_manufactured.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned Chief Financial
Officer of MANUFACTURED HOUSING PROPERTIES INC. (the Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that: 

1. The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has executed this statement on March 29, 2023. 

/s/ Vira Turchinyak 

Vira Turchinyak 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to Manufactured Housing Properties Inc. and will be retained by Manufactured Housing Properties Inc.
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The forgoing certification is being furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether
made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 mhpc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 mhpc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 mhpc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 mhpc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 mhpc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

