<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_12239_0001213900-23-025306.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7643258</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>282840</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1382877</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1809064</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2142360</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1829191</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025306.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331144900
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025306
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Dominari Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000012239
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				520849320
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-05576
		FILM NUMBER:		23786778

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE ROCKEFELLER PLAZA, 11TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10020
		BUSINESS PHONE:		347-321-7646

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE ROCKEFELLER PLAZA, 11TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10020

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AIkido Pharma Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210111

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Aikido Pharma Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200317

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SPHERIX INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010815

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025306.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_dominari.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
one) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , - (Address of principal executive offices) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2022: based upon the closing sale price of our common stock
of 5.90 on that date. Common stock held by each officer and director and by each person known to own in excess of 5 of outstanding
shares of our common stock has been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. The determination of affiliate status
in not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

There
were shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding as of March 20, 2023. 

DOMINARI
HOLDINGS INC. 

(Formerly
AIkido Pharma, Inc.) 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part
 I 

Item
 1. Business 
 
 1 

Item
 1a. Risk Factors 
 
 6 

Item
 1b. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 17 

Item
 2. Properties 
 
 17 

Item
 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 17 

Item
 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 17 

Part
 II 

Item
 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 18 

Item 6. [Reserved ] 
 
 19 

Item
 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 19 

Item
 7a. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 22 

Item
 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplemental Data 
 
 23 

Index
 to Financial Statements 
 
 23 

Part
 III 

Item
 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 52 

Item
 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 52 

Item
 9B. Other Information 
 
 53 

Item
 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevents Inspections 
 
 53 

Item
 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 54 

Item
 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 57 

Item
 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management, and Related Stockholders 
 
 61 

Item
 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 63 

Item
 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 63 

Part
 IV 

Item
 15. Exhibits, Consolidated Financial Statements, Schedules 
 
 64 

Item
 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 67 

Signatures 
 
 68 

i 

PART
I 

SPECIAL
CAUTIONARY NOTICE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). Forward looking statements are often identified by the words will, may, believes, 
 estimates, expects, intends, plans, projects and words of similar
import. Such words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements, but are not intended to constitute the exclusive
means of identifying such statements. Such forward looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors,
including those described in Risk Factors below that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements, or industry
results, to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward looking
statements. Given these uncertainties, prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 

All
references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to we, us, our and the Company 
refer to Dominari Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries unless the context requires otherwise. 

Item 1.
BUSINESS. 

OVERVIEW 

Dominari
Holdings Inc. Dominari is a holding company that, through its various subsidiaries, is engaged in financial services,
investment advising and wealth management, asset management, investment banking, the acquisition of interests in high growth industries,
and biotechnology and pharmaceutical research and development. In addition to capital investment, Dominari provides management
support to the executive teams of its subsidiaries, helping them to operate efficiently and reduce cost under a streamlined infrastructure. Dominari
and its subsidiaries are collectively referred to herein as Company , we , our or us . 

Dominari Financial, Inc. Dominari Financial ), our wholly-owned
financial subsidiary, is the M A arm of Dominari and will execute the Company s roll-up strategy in the financial sector. The
roll-up strategy seeks to acquire third-party financial assets such as registered investment advisors, broker dealers, asset management
firms and fintech firms. Our first transaction in furtherance of our financial roll-up strategy, the acquisition of 100 of a registered
broker-dealer from Fieldpoint Private Bank Trust, was consummated on March 27, 2023. The newly acquired dually registered broker-dealer
and investment adviser will be renamed Dominari Securities, LLC Dominari Securities and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Dominari Financial. Dominari Securities will provide wealth management services, asset management services, investment banking and sales
and trading. 

The Company is in the process of winding down
its historical pipeline of biotechnology assets held by Aikido Labs, LLC. These biotechnology assets consist of patented technology from
leading universities and researchers, including prospective treatments for pancreatic cancer, acute myeloid leukemia and acute lymphoblastic
leukemia. The Company is also developing a broad-spectrum antiviral platform, in which the lead compounds have activity in
cell-based assays against multiple viruses including Influenza virus, Ebolavirus and Marburg virus, SARS-CoV, MERS-CoV, and SARS-CoV-2,
the cause of COVID-19. 

HISTORY 

The
Company was founded in 1967 as Spherix Incorporated. In 2017 the Company changed its name to Aikido Pharma Inc. From 2017 to 2022, the
Company operated as a biotechnology company with a diverse portfolio of small-molecule anticancer and antiviral therapeutics in development.
During the second half of 2022, in an effort to enhance shareholder value, the Company shifted its primary focus away from biotechnology
to a new line of business in the financial services industry. In furtherance of this new focus, in June of 2022, the Company formed
Dominari Financial, with the purpose of making strategic acquisitions across the financial services industry. On December 22, 2022, the
Company changed its name to Dominari Holdings Inc. 

On
September 9, 2022, we entered into a membership interest purchase agreement (the FPS Purchase Agreement with Fieldpoint
Private Bank Trust Seller ), a Connecticut bank, for the purchase of its wholly owned subsidiary, Fieldpoint Private
Securities, LLC, a Connecticut limited liability company FPS and broker-dealer registered with the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority FINRA ). Pursuant to the terms of the FPS Purchase Agreement, we purchased from the Seller
100 of the membership interests in FPS (the Membership Interests and, as a result thereof, will operate the newly acquired
dual registered broker-dealer and investment adviser as a wholly owned subsidiary. The FPS Purchase Agreement provided for Dominari s
acquisition of FPS s Membership Interests in two closings, the first of which occurred on October 4, 2022 (the Initial
Closing ), at which Dominari paid to the Seller 2,000,000 in consideration for a transfer by the Seller to Dominari of 20 of
the Membership Interests. Following FINRA s approval of the Continuing Membership Application pursuant to FINRA Rule
1017 (the Rule 1017 Application on March 20, 2023, the second closing occurred on March 27, 2023 (the Second Closing ),
at which time Dominari paid to the Seller an additional 1.00 in consideration for a transfer by the Seller to Dominari of the remaining
80 of the Membership Interests. 

1 

DOMINARI
SECURITIES 

Dominari Securities
plans to offer a broad range of broker-dealer and registered investment adviser services, commencing shortly after the completion of
its acquisition of FPS, which is expected to begin in April 2023, including: 

Wealth Management
Services 

Dominari Securities
plans to provide a comprehensive array of financial services to high-net-worth individuals and families, corporate executives, and public
and private businesses. Clients will be able to choose a variety of ways to establish a relationship and conduct business, including
by establishing brokerage accounts with transaction-based pricing and/or investment advisory accounts with asset-based fee pricing. Dominari
Securities also plans to provide the following private client services: 

Full-Service
Brokerage . Dominari Securities plans to offer full-service brokerage services covering investment alternatives, including exchange-traded
and over-the-counter corporate equity and debt securities, money market instruments, exchange-traded options, municipal bonds, mutual
funds, exchange-traded funds, and unit investment trusts. Dominari Securities expects its revenue to be derived from commissions from
private clients through accounts with transaction-based pricing. Dominari Securities will charge brokerage commissions on investment
products in accordance with a schedule which Dominari Securities plans to formulate. Discounts will be made available to and will able
to be negotiated with customers based on transaction size and volume as well as a number of other factors. 

Wealth
Planning . Dominari Securities also plans to offer financial and wealth planning services which will include asset management, individual
and corporate retirement solutions, insurance and annuity products, IRAs and 401(k) plans, U.S. stock plan services to corporate executives
and businesses, education savings programs, and trust and fiduciary services to individual and corporate clients through third-party
trust companies. 

Margin
Lending . Dominari Securities, through its clearing partnerships, also intends to extend credit to its customers, collateralized by
securities and cash in the customer s account, for a portion of the purchase price, and to receive income from interest on such extensions
of credit at interest rates derived from Dominari Securities posted rate as adjusted, from time to time. 

Asset
Management 

Dominari Securities
also plans to offer discretionary and non-discretionary fee-based programs to provide tailored investment management solutions and services
to high-net-worth private clients, institutions and corporations and/or plans sponsored by them. These will include, but will not be
limited to, portfolio management, manager research and due diligence through third party partners, asset allocation advice and financial
planning. Dominari Securities plans to offer Portfolio management strategies and third-party investment management capabilities through
separately managed accounts, alternative investments and discretionary and non-discretionary portfolio management programs as well as
managed portfolios of mutual funds. Platform support functions will include sales and marketing along with administrative services such
as trade execution, client services, records management and client reporting and performance monitoring. Dominari Securities expects
to generate revenues through the receipt of investment advisory and transactional fees for advisory services and to also generate revenue
from fees earned through sharing arrangements with registered and private alternative investment vehicles. Dominari Securities also expects
to earn investment advisory fees on all assets held in discretionary and non-discretionary asset-based programs. These fees will be typically
billed monthly in advance, and will be calculated based on all fee-based assets under management balances at the end of the prior month.
Dominari Securities also expects to receive income from revenue-sharing arrangements that are derived from management and incentive fees
on alternative investments and will be calculated on a pre-determined basis with registered and private investment companies. The Company s
asset management services are expected to include: 

Separately
Managed Accounts . The Company plans to provide clients with fee-based programs: (i) a unified managed account which allows multiple
investment managers, mutual funds and exchange-traded funds to be combined in a single custodial account; and (ii) an asset review
dual contract program designed for clients seeking a direct contractual relationship with investment managers. 

Discretionary
Advisory Accounts . Dominari Securities plans to offer client-focused discretionary fee-based investment programs managed by
Dominari Securities advisors. 

Non-Discretionary
Advisory Accounts . Dominari plans to provide fee-based non-discretionary investment advisory services and consultation to clients. 

Alternative
Investments . Dominari plans to offer high net worth and institutional investors the opportunity to participate in a wide range of
non-traditional investment strategies. Strategies are expected to include single manager hedge funds, fund of funds, diversified private
equity funds and single investment late stage private equity funds. 

Private
Market Platform . Through a collaborative effort among the firm s business units, Dominari s private market
platform will focus on sourcing private investments across various sectors. Transactions are expected to cover the full spectrum of private
investments, including early stage, late stage, direct, co-investments, funds and secondary market transactions in debt, equity and hybrid
securities. 

2 

Investment
Banking 

Dominari Securities 
investment banking division will provide strategic advisory services and capital markets products to emerging growth and middle market
businesses. The investment banking groups will focus on the consumer and retail, energy, financial institutions, healthcare, rental services,
technology, education, and transportation and logistics sectors. Investment banking services include: 

Financial
Advisory . Dominari Securities will advise buyers and sellers on sales, divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, tender offers, privatizations,
spin-offs, joint ventures, restructurings and liability management. Dominari Securities intends to provide dedicated senior bankers to
clients focusing throughout the financial advisory process, which combines our structuring and negotiating expertise with our industry
knowledge, extensive relationships and capital markets capabilities. 

Equities
Capital Markets . Dominari Securities will provide capital raising solutions for corporate clients through initial public offerings,
follow-on offerings, confidentially marketed public offerings, registered directs, private investments in public equity, private placements,
at-the-market offerings, and equity-linked offerings. 

Debt Capital
Markets . Dominari Securities plans to offer debt capital markets solutions for emerging growth and middle market companies. Dominari
Securities will focus on structuring and distributing public and private debt through financing transactions, including leveraged buyouts,
acquisitions, growth capital financings, recapitalizations and Chapter 11 exit financings. Dominari Securities will also participate
in high yield debt and fixed and floating-rate senior and subordinated debt offerings. 

Fund Placement .
Dominari Securities will provide alternative investment firms with a broad and deep portfolio of value-added services. Services will
include bespoke strategic and tactical advisory as well as primary fundraises, co-investments and direct transactions. 

Debt Advisory
 Restructuring . Dominari Securities will offer creative solutions to leveraged corporate issuers and credit investors. We will
evaluate a full range of strategic alternatives, identify the appropriate structure and source of funds to provide our clients the ability
to pursue an optimal and value maximizing outcome. 

Sales and Trading 

We intend to provide
a broad range of sales and trading services to our clients. Sales and trading services will include: 

Institutional
Equity Sales and Trading . Dominari Securities will act as an agent in the execution of its customers orders through our clearing
strategic partners. 

Equity Derivatives and Index
Options . Dominari Securities will offer listed equity and index options strategies for investors seeking to manage risk and
optimize returns within the equities market. 

Institutional
Fixed Income Sales and Trading . Dominari Securities will trade and in public and private debt (including sovereign debt) securities,
including investment and non-investment grade, distressed and convertible corporate securities as well as municipal securities through
our clearing partners. 

Securities
Lending . In connection with both its trading and brokerage activities, Dominari Securities, through its clearing relationships, will
borrow securities to cover short sales and to complete transactions in which customers have failed to deliver securities by the required
settlement date and lend securities to other brokers and dealers for similar purposes. Dominari Securities will earn interest on its
cash collateral provided and will pay interest on the cash collateral received less a rebate earned for lending securities. 

3 

Regulation 

Regulation in the United States 

The financial services industry in which we will operate is subject
to extensive regulation. In the U.S., the SEC is the federal agency responsible for the administration of federal securities laws. In
addition, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA is a self-regulatory organization SRO that is actively involved in the regulation of securities businesses. In addition to federal regulation, we are subject to state securities
regulations in each state and U.S. territory in which we conduct securities or investment advisory activities. The SEC, FINRA, and state
securities regulators conduct periodic examinations of broker-dealers and investment advisors. The designated examining authority under
the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act for Dominari Securities activities as a broker-dealer
is FINRA. Financial services businesses are also subject to regulation and examination by state securities regulators and attorneys general
in those states in which they do business. In addition, broker-dealers and investment advisors must also comply with the rules and regulation
of clearing houses, exchanges, and trading platforms of which they are a member. 

Broker-dealers are subject to SEC, FINRA, and
state securities regulations that cover all aspects of the securities business, including sales and trading methods, trade practices
among broker-dealers, use and safekeeping of customers funds and securities, capital structure and requirements, anti-money laundering
efforts, recordkeeping and the conduct of broker-dealer personnel including officers and employees (although state securities regulations
are, in a number of cases, more limited). Registered investment advisors are subject to, among other requirements, SEC regulations concerning
marketing, transactions with affiliates, custody of client assets, disclosures to clients, conflict of interest, insider trading and
recordkeeping. Additional legislation, changes in rules promulgated by the SEC, FINRA, and other SROs of which the broker-dealer is a
member, and state securities regulators, or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws or rules may directly affect
the operations and profitability of broker-dealers and investment advisors. The SEC, FINRA, and state securities regulators and state
attorneys general may conduct administrative proceedings or initiate civil litigation that can result in adverse consequences for Dominari
Securities, its affiliates, including affiliated investment advisors, as well as its and their officers and employees (including, without
limitation, injunctions, censures, fines, suspensions, directives that impact business operations (including proposed expansions), membership
expulsions, or revocations of licenses and registrations). 

SEC Regulation Best Interest Reg BI requires that a broker-dealer and its associated persons act in a retail customer s best interest and not place their own financial
or other interests ahead of a retail customer s interests when recommending securities transactions or investment strategies, including
recommendations of types of accounts. To meet this best interest standard, a broker-dealer must satisfy four component obligations
including a disclosure obligation, a care obligation, a conflict of interest obligation, and a compliance obligation and both broker-dealers
and investment advisors are required to provide disclosures about their standard of conduct and conflicts of interest. 

In addition, certain states, have proposed or
adopted measures that would make broker-dealers, sales agents and investment advisors and their representatives subject to a fiduciary
duty when providing products and services to customers. The SEC did not indicate an intent to pre-empt state regulation in this
area, and some of the state proposals would allow for a private right of action. In the event out wealth management division makes recommendations
to retail customers, it will be required to comply with the obligations imposed under Reg BI and applicable state laws. 

Regulatory Capital Requirements 

Dominari Securities will be subject to financial
capital requirements that are set by regulation. Dominari Securities is a registered broker-dealer and is required to maintain net capital
in an amount equal to SEC minimum financial requirements. As a broker-dealer, Dominari Securities is subject to the SEC s Uniform
Net Capital Rule (the Net Capital Rule ). Compliance with the Net Capital Rule could limit Dominari Securities operations,
such as underwriting and trading activities, and financing customers prime brokerage or other margin activities, in each case,
that could require the use of significant amounts of capital, limit its ability to engage in certain financing transactions, such as
repurchase agreements, and may also restrict its ability (i) to make payments of dividends, withdrawals or similar distributions or payments
to a stockholder/parent or other affiliate, (ii) to make a redemption or repurchase of shares of stock, or (iii) to make an unsecured
loan or advance to such shareholders or affiliates. 

4 

Under the Exchange Act, state securities regulators
are not permitted to impose capital, margin, custody, financial responsibility, making and keeping records, bonding, or financial or
operational reporting requirements on registered broker-dealers that differ from, or are in addition to, the requirements in those areas
established under the Exchange Act, including the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Regulation outside the United States 

In the event Dominari Securities provides financial
services internationally, it will be subject to extensive regulations proposed, promulgated and enforced by, among other regulatory bodies,
the European Commission and European Supervisory Authorities (including the European Banking Authority and European Securities and Market
Authority), U.K. Financial Conduct Authority, German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority BaFin ), Investment Industry
Regulatory Organization of Canada, Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission, the Japan Financial Services Agency, the Monetary Authority
of Singapore, and the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. Every country in which we may do business will impose upon us
laws, rules and regulations similar to those in the U.S., including with respect to some form of capital adequacy rules, customer protection
rules, data protection regulations, anti-money laundering and anti-bribery rules, compliance with other applicable trading and investment
banking regulations and similar regulatory reform. 

Competition 

All aspects of our business are expected to be intensely competitive.
We will compete primarily with small to mid-size bank holding companies that engage in wealth management, investment banking and capital
markets activities as one of their lines of business and that have greater capital and resources than we do. We will also compete against
other broker-dealers, asset managers and boutique firms. We believe the principal factors that will drive our competitiveness in the future
will include our ability to: provide differentiated insights to our clients that lead to better business outcomes; attract, retain and
develop skilled professionals; deliver a competitive breadth of high-quality service offerings; and to maintain a flat, nimble and entrepreneurial
culture built on immediacy and client service. 

Cybersecurity 

Cybersecurity presents
significant challenges to the business community in general, including to the financial services industry. Increasingly, bad actors,
both domestic and international, attempt to steal personal data and/or interrupt the normal functioning of businesses through accessing
individuals' and companies' files and equipment connected to the internet. Recent incidents have reflected the increasing sophistication
of intruders and their intent to steal personally identifiable information as well as funds and securities. These intruders sometimes
use instructions that are seemingly from authorized parties but in fact, are from parties intent on attempting to steal. In other instances
these intruders attempt to bypass normal safeguards and disrupt or steal significant amounts of information and then either release it
to the internet or hold it for ransom. Regulators are increasingly requiring companies to provide heightened levels of sophisticated
defenses. Dominari Securities will maintain ongoing planning and systems to prevent any such attack from disrupting its services to clients
as well as to prevent any loss of data concerning its clients, their financial affairs, as well as Company privileged information. 

5 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have 7 full-time employees and 1 part-time employee, none of which are represented by a labor union or covered
by a collective bargaining agreement. 

Item 1A.
RISK FACTORS. 

The
Company s business and operations are subject to numerous risks. The material risks and uncertainties that management believes
affect the Company are described below. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing the Company. Additional
risks and uncertainties that are presently unknown, management is not aware of or focused on or that management currently deems immaterial
may also impair the Company s business operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, the Company s financial
condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

BUSINESS
RISKS 

Because
we have a limited operating history to evaluate our company, the likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the problems,
expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered by an early-stage financial services company. 

Since we have a limited operating history in our current financial
services business, it will make it difficult for investors and securities analysts to evaluate our business and prospects. You must consider
our prospects in light of the risks, expenses, and difficulties we face as an early-stage financial services company with a limited operating
history. Investors should evaluate an investment in our securities in light of the uncertainties encountered by early-stage companies
in an intensely competitive industry. There can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful or that we will be able to become
profitable. 

Accordingly,
you should consider the Company s prospects in light of the costs, uncertainties, delays and difficulties frequently encountered
by companies in their start-up stages, particularly those in the financial services industry. Shareholders should carefully consider
the risks and uncertainties that a business with no operating history will face. In particular, shareholders should consider that there
is a significant risk that we will not be able to: 

implement
 or execute our current business plan, or that our current business plan is sound; 

raise
 sufficient funds in the capital markets or otherwise to fully effectuate our business plan; 

maintain
 our management team; and/or 

attract
 clients. 

Any
of the foregoing risks may adversely affect the Company and result in the failure of our business. In addition, we expect to encounter
unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown factors. 

We
continue to incur operating losses and may not achieve profitability. 

Our net loss for the year ended December 31,
2022 was 22.1 million. Our accumulated deficit was 185.9 million as of December 31, 2022. Our ability to become profitable depends
upon our ability to generate revenue from our financial products. We do not know when, or if, we will generate any revenue from such
financial products. Even though our revenue may increase, we expect to incur significant additional losses while we grow and expand our
business. We cannot predict if and when we will achieve profitability. Our failure to achieve and sustain profitability could negatively
impact the market price of our common stock. 

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial
results or prevent fraud and our business may be harmed and our stock price may be adversely impacted. 

Effective
internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and to effectively prevent fraud.
Any inability to provide reliable financial reports or to prevent fraud could harm our business. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires
management to evaluate and assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. In order to continue to comply
with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we are required to continuously evaluate and, where appropriate, enhance our policies,
procedures and internal controls. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls over financial reporting, we could be
subject to litigation or regulatory scrutiny and investors could lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports.
We cannot assure you that in the future we will be able to fully comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or that management
will conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. If we fail to fully comply with the requirements of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our business may be harmed and our stock price may decline. 

6 

Our
assessment, testing and evaluation of the design and operating effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting resulted
in our conclusion that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective, due to our lack of
segregation of duties, and lack of controls in place to ensure that all material transactions and developments impacting the consolidated
financial statements are reflected. We can provide no assurance as to conclusions of management with respect to the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting in the future. 

Developments
in market and economic conditions may adversely affect the Company s business and profitability. 

Performance
in the financial services industry is heavily influenced by the overall strength of economic conditions and financial market activity,
which generally have a direct and material impact on the Company s results of operations and financial condition. These conditions
are a product of many factors, which are mostly unpredictable and beyond the Company s control, and may affect the decisions made
by financial market participants. 

Changes
in economic and political conditions, including economic output levels, interest and inflation rates, employment levels, prices of commodities
including oil and gas, exogenous market events, consumer confidence levels, and fiscal and monetary policy can affect market conditions.
For example, the Federal Reserve s policies determine, in large part, the cost of funds for lending and investing and the return
earned on those loans and investments. Changes in the Federal Reserve s policies are beyond our control and, consequently, the
impact of these changes on our activities and results of our operations are difficult to predict. While global financial markets have
shown signs of improvement in recent years, uncertainty remains. A period of sustained downturns and/or volatility in the securities
markets, and/or prolonged levels of increasing interest rates, could lead to a return to increased credit market dislocations, reductions
in the value of real estate, and other negative market factors which could significantly impair our revenues and profitability. 

U.S.
markets may also be impacted by political and civil unrest occurring in the Middle East, Eastern Europe, Russia, Venezuela and Asia.
Continued uncertainties loom over the outcome of the EU s financial support programs. It is possible that other EU member states
may choose to follow Britain s lead and leave the EU. Any negative impact on economic conditions and global markets from these
developments could adversely affect our business, financial condition and liquidity. 

Uncertain
or unfavorable market or economic conditions could result in reduced transaction volumes, reduced revenue and reduced profitability in
any or all of the Company s principal businesses. For example: 

A portion
 of the Company s revenues will be derived from fees generated from its asset management business segment. Asset management
 fees often are primarily comprised of base management and performance (or incentive) fees. Management fees are primarily based on
 assets under management. Assets under management balances are impacted by net inflow/outflow of client assets and changes in market
 values. Poor investment performance by the Company s portfolio managers could result in a loss of managed accounts and could
 result in reputational damage that might make it more difficult to attract new investors and thus further impact the Company s
 business and financial condition. If the Company experiences losses of managed accounts, fee revenue will decline. In addition, in
 periods of declining market values, the values of assets under management may ultimately decline, which would negatively impact fee
 revenues. 

In the
 past decade, passively managed index funds have seen greater investor interest, and this trend has become more prevalent in recent
 years. A continued lessening of investor interest in active investing and continued increase in passive investing may lead to a continued
 decline in the revenue the Company generates from commissions on the execution of trading transactions and, in respect of its market-making
 activities, a reduction in the value of its trading positions and commissions and spreads. 

The Company
 expects its investment banking revenue, in the form of underwriting, placement and financial advisory fees, to be directly related
 to the volume and value of transactions as well as the Company s role in these transactions, and will typically only be earned
 upon the successful completion of a transaction. In an environment of uncertain or unfavorable market or economic conditions, the
 volume and size of capital-raising transactions and acquisitions and dispositions typically decreases, thereby reducing the demand
 for the Company s investment banking services and increasing price competition among financial services companies seeking such
 engagements. Accordingly, the Company s business will be highly dependent on market conditions, the decisions and actions
 of its clients, and interested third parties. The number of engagements the Company has at any given time will be subject to change
 and may not necessarily result in future revenues. 

7 

The
Company may make strategic acquisitions of businesses, engage in joint ventures or divest or exit existing businesses, which could result
in unforeseen expenses or disruptive effects on its business. 

From
time to time, the Company may consider acquisitions of other businesses or joint ventures with other businesses. Any acquisition or joint
venture that the Company determines to pursue will be accompanied by a number of risks. After the announcement or completion of an acquisition
or joint venture, the Company s share price could decline if investors view the transaction as too costly or unlikely to improve
the Company s competitive position. 

Costs
or difficulties relating to such a transaction, including integration of products, employees, offices, technology systems, accounting
systems and management controls, may be difficult to predict accurately and be greater than expected causing the Company s estimates
to differ from actual results. The Company may be unable to retain key personnel after the transaction, and the transaction may impair
relationships with customers and business partners. In addition, the Company may be unable to achieve anticipated benefits and synergies
from the transaction as fully as expected or within the expected time frame. Divestitures or elimination of existing businesses or products
could have similar effects, including the loss of earnings of the divested business or operation. These difficulties could disrupt the
Company s ongoing business, increase its expenses, and adversely affect its operating results and financial condition. As the costs
of doing business increase, the Company may not be able to continue to grow its revenues through organic growth (the growth
attendant to hiring one employee at a time or through expanding into a new business line through a limited investment in technology and
employment). In lieu of organic growth, it becomes increasingly necessary to grow through the acquisition of a business or businesses
that fulfill the Company s strategic decisions for growth. However, due to competition or the cost of such acquisitions, such expansion
may not be available on a profitable basis and may threaten the Company s ongoing ability to expand its business. 

The
ability to attract, develop and retain highly skilled and productive employees, particularly qualified financial advisors is critical
to the success of the Company s business. 

The
Company faces intense competition for qualified employees from other businesses in the financial services industry, and the performance
of its business may suffer to the extent it is unable to attract and retain employees effectively, particularly given the relatively
small size of the Company and its employee base compared to some of its competitors. The primary sources of revenue in each of the Company s
business lines are commissions and fees earned on advisory and underwriting transactions and customer accounts managed by its employees,
who are regularly recruited by other firms and in certain cases are able to take their client relationships with them when they change
firms. Experienced employees are regularly offered financial inducements by larger competitors to change employers, and thus competitors
can de-stabilize the Company s relationship with valued employees. Some specialized areas of the Company s business are operated
by a relatively small number of employees, the loss of any of whom could jeopardize the continuation of that business following the employee s
departure. 

Turnover
in the financial services industry is high. The cost of retaining skilled professionals in the financial services industry has escalated
considerably. Financial industry employers are increasingly offering guaranteed contracts, upfront payments, and increased compensation.
These can be important factors in a current employee s decision to leave us as well as in a prospective employee s decision
to join us. As competition for skilled professionals in the industry remains intense, we may have to devote significant resources to
attracting and retaining qualified personnel. To the extent we have compensation targets, we may not be able to retain our employees,
which could result in increased recruiting expense or result in our recruiting additional employees at compensation levels that are not
within our target range. In particular, our financial results may be adversely affected by the costs we incur in connection with any
upfront loans or other incentives we may offer to newly recruited financial advisors and other key personnel. If we were to lose the
services of any of our investment bankers, sales and trading professionals, asset managers, or executive officers to a competitor or
otherwise, we may not be able to retain valuable relationships and some of our clients could choose to use the services of a competitor
instead of our services. If we are unable to retain our senior professionals or recruit additional professionals, our reputation, business,
results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Further, new business initiatives and efforts to expand existing
businesses generally require that we incur compensation and benefits expense before generating additional revenues. 

Moreover,
companies in our industry whose employees accept positions with competitors frequently claim that those competitors have engaged in unfair
hiring practices. We may be subject to claims in the future as we seek to hire qualified personnel, some of whom may work for our competitors.
Some of these claims may result in material litigation. 

8 

We
could incur substantial costs in defending against these claims, regardless of their merits. Such claims could also discourage potential
employees who work for our competitors from joining us. Recent actions by some larger competitors to reject the Recruiting Protocol ,
an industry adopted set of practices permitting financial advisors to port their client relationships to a new firm under strict rules,
is likely to increase the likelihood of litigation among competitors surrounding the employment of new advisors and their solicitation
of their clients and may act as a new barrier to recruitment of financial advisors. 

The
Company depends on its senior employees and the loss of their services could harm its business. 

The
Company s success is dependent in large part upon the services of its senior executives and employees. Any loss of service of the
chief executive officer CEO may adversely affect the business and operations of the Company. If the Company s senior
executives or employees terminate their employment and the Company is unable to find suitable replacements in relatively short periods
of time, its operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

The
precautions the Company takes to prevent and detect employee misconduct may not be effective and the Company could be exposed to unknown
and unmanaged risks or losses. 

The
Company runs the risk that employee misconduct could occur. Misconduct by employees could include, employees binding the Company to transactions
that exceed authorized limits or present unacceptable risks to the Company (rogue trading); employee theft and improper use of Company
or client property; employees conspiring with other employees or third parties to defraud the Company; employees hiding unauthorized
or unsuccessful activities from the Company, including outside business activities that are undisclosed and may result in liability to
the Company; employees steering or soliciting their clients into investments which have not been sponsored by the Company and without
the proper diligence; the improper use of confidential information; employee conduct outside of acceptable norms including harassment;
or employees engaging in hacking or breaching our cybersecurity safeguards. 

These
types of misconduct could result in unknown and unmanaged risks or losses to the Company including regulatory sanctions and serious harm
to its reputation. The precautions the Company takes to prevent and detect these activities may not be effective. If employee misconduct
does occur, the Company s business operations could be materially adversely affected. 

There
have been a number of highly-publicized cases involving fraud or other misconduct by employees in the financial services industry and
there is a risk that our employees could engage in misconduct in the future that adversely affects our business. We are subject to a
number of obligations and standards arising from our asset management business and our authority over the assets managed by our asset
management business. In addition, our financial advisors may act in a fiduciary capacity, providing financial planning, investment advice
and discretionary asset management. The violation of these obligations and standards by any of our employees could adversely affect our
clients and us. It is not always possible to deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity
may not be effective in all cases. If our employees engage in misconduct, our business could be materially adversely affected, including
our cash position. 

Employee
misconduct, including harassment in the workplace, has come under increasing scrutiny in the national media. While the Company has adopted
a Code of Conduct and instituted training for its employees, it is difficult to predict when an employee may deviate from acceptable
practices and open the Company to liability either from actions taken by other employees or by authorities. The Company could also become
liable for its actions in enforcing its rules of conduct on former employees who disagree with the Company s actions. 

FINANCIAL
RISKS 

Market
Risk 

Market
risk refers to the risk that a change in the level of one or more market prices, rates, indices, volatilities, correlations or other
market factors, such as market liquidity, will result in losses for a position or portfolio owned by us. 

Our
results of operations may be materially affected by market fluctuations and by global and economic conditions and other factors, including
changes in asset values. 

Our
results of operations may be materially affected by market fluctuations due to global financial markets, economic conditions, changes
to global trade policies and tariffs and other factors, including the level and volatility of equity, fixed income and commodity prices,
the level and term structure of interest rates, inflation and currency values, and the level of other market indices. The results of
our Capital Markets business segment, particularly results relating to our involvement in primary and secondary markets for all types
of financial products, are subject to substantial market fluctuations due to a variety of factors that we cannot control or predict with
great certainty. These fluctuations impact results by causing variations in business flows and activity and in the fair value of securities
and other financial products. Fluctuations also occur due to the level of global market activity, which, among other things, affects
the size, number and timing of investment banking client assignments and transactions and the realization of returns from our principal
investments. 

9 

During
periods of unfavorable market or economic conditions, the level of individual investor participation in the global markets, as well as
the level of client assets, may also decrease, which would negatively impact the results of our Private Client and Asset Management business
segments. Substantial market fluctuations could also cause variations in the value of our investments in our funds, the flow of investment
capital into or from Assets Under Management AUM ), and the way customers allocate capital among money market, equity,
fixed income or other investment alternatives, which could negatively impact our Private Client and Asset Management business segments. 

The
Company may incur losses and be subject to reputational harm to the extent that, for any reason, it is unable to sell securities it purchased
as an underwriter at anticipated price levels. As an underwriter, the Company is subject to heightened standards regarding liability
for material misstatements or omissions in prospectuses and other offering documents relating to offerings it underwrites. Any such misstatement
or omission could subject the Company to enforcement action by the SEC and claims of investors, either of which could have a material
adverse impact on the Company s results of operations, financial condition and reputation. As a market maker and dealer, the Company
may own large positions in specific securities, and these undiversified holdings concentrate the risk of market fluctuations and may
result in greater losses than would be the case if the Company s holdings were more diversified. 

The
value of our financial instruments may be materially affected by market fluctuations. Market volatility, illiquid market conditions and
disruptions in the credit markets may make it extremely difficult to value and monetize certain of our financial instruments, particularly
during periods of market displacement. Subsequent valuations in future periods, in light of factors then prevailing, may result in significant
changes in the values of these instruments and may adversely impact historical or prospective fees and performance-based fees (also known
as incentive fees, which include carried interest) in respect of certain businesses. In addition, at the time of any sales and settlements
of these financial instruments, the price we ultimately realize will depend on the demand and liquidity in the market at that time and
may be materially lower than their current fair value. Any of these factors could cause a decline in the value of our financial instruments,
which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations in future periods. In addition, financial markets are susceptible to severe
events evidenced by rapid depreciation in asset values accompanied by a reduction in asset liquidity. Under these extreme conditions,
hedging and other risk management strategies may not be as effective at mitigating trading losses as they would be under more normal
market conditions. Moreover, under these conditions, market participants are particularly exposed to trading strategies employed by many
market participants simultaneously and on a large scale. Our risk management and monitoring processes seek to quantify and mitigate risk
to more extreme market moves. However, severe market events have historically been difficult to predict and we could realize significant
losses if extreme market events were to occur. 

Holding
large and concentrated positions may expose us to losses. Concentration of risk may reduce revenues or result in losses in our market-making,
investing, underwriting, including block trading, and lending businesses in the event of unfavorable market movements, or when market
conditions are more favorable for our competitors. Changes in interest rates (especially if such changes are rapid), sustained low or
high interest rates or uncertainty regarding the future direction of interest rates, may create a less favorable environment for certain
of the Company s businesses, particularly its fixed income business, resulting in reduced business volume and reduced revenue.
If interest rates remain at low levels, the Company s profitability will be negatively impacted. 

Credit
Risk 

Credit
risk may expose the Company to losses caused by the inability of borrowers or other third parties to satisfy their obligations. 

The
Company is exposed to the risk that third parties that owe it money, securities or other assets will not perform their obligations. 

The
Company is exposed to credit risk related to third parties such as trading counterparties, customers, clearing agents, exchanges, clearing
houses, and other financial intermediaries as well as issuers whose securities we hold. These parties may default on their obligations
owed to the Company due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. This default risk may arise, for example,
from holding securities of third parties, executing securities trades that fail to settle at the required time due to non-delivery by
the counterparty or systems failure by clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses or other financial intermediaries, and extending credit
to clients through bridge or margin loans or other arrangements. Significant failures by third parties to perform their obligations owed
to the Company could adversely affect the Company s revenue and its ability to borrow in the credit markets. 

Liquidity
Risk 

Liquidity
risk refers to the risk that we will be unable to finance our operations due to a loss of access to the capital markets or difficulty
in liquidating our assets. Liquidity risk also encompasses our ability (or perceived ability) to meet our financial obligations without
experiencing significant business disruption or reputational damage that may threaten our viability as a going concern as well as the
associated funding risks triggered by the market or idiosyncratic stress events that may negatively affect our liquidity and may impact
our ability to raise new funding. 

10 

Liquidity
is essential to our businesses and we rely on external sources to finance a significant portion of our operations. 

Our
liquidity could be negatively affected by our inability to raise funding in the long-term or short-term debt capital markets, our inability
to access the secured lending markets, or unanticipated outflows of cash or collateral by customers or clients. Factors that we cannot
control, such as disruption of the financial markets or negative views about the financial services industry generally, including concerns
regarding fiscal matters in the U.S. and other geographic areas, could impair our ability to raise funding. In addition, our ability
to raise funding could be impaired if investors or lenders develop a negative perception of our long-term or short-term financial prospects
due to factors such as an incurrence of large trading losses, a downgrade by the rating agencies, a decline in the level of our business
activity, if regulatory authorities take significant action against us or our industry, or we discover significant employee misconduct
or illegal activity. If we are unable to raise funding using the methods described above, we would likely need to finance or liquidate
unencumbered assets, such as our investment portfolios or trading assets, to meet maturing liabilities or other obligations. We may be
unable to sell some of our assets or we may have to sell assets at a discount to market value, either of which could adversely affect
our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Operational
Risk 

Operational
risk refers to the risk of loss, or of damage to our reputation, resulting from inadequate or failed processes or systems, from human
factors or from external events (e.g., fraud, theft, legal and compliance risks, cyber-attacks or damage to physical assets). We may
incur operational risk across the full scope of our business activities, including revenue-generating activities (e.g., sales and trading)
and support and control groups (e.g., information technology and trade processing). 

We
are subject to operational risks, including a failure, breach or other disruption of our operations or security systems or those of our
third parties (or third parties thereof), as well as human error or malfeasance, which could adversely affect our businesses or reputation. 

Our
businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and report, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions across numerous
markets. We may introduce new products or services or change processes or reporting, including in connection with new regulatory requirements,
resulting in new operational risk that we may not fully appreciate or identify. The trend toward direct access to automated, electronic
markets and the move to more automated trading platforms has resulted in the use of increasingly complex technology that relies on the
continued effectiveness of the programming code and integrity of the data to process the trades. We rely on the ability of our employees,
consultants, and internal systems to operate our different businesses and process a high volume of transactions. Additionally, we are
subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations governing cybersecurity, privacy and data protection, which may differ and potentially
conflict, in various jurisdictions. As a participant in the global capital markets, we face the risk of incorrect valuation or risk management
of our trading positions due to flaws in data, models, electronic trading systems or processes or due to fraud or cyber-attack. 

We
also face the risk of operational failure or disruption of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses or other financial
intermediaries we use to facilitate our lending and securities transactions. In the event of a breakdown or improper operation of our
or a direct or indirect third party s systems (or third parties thereof) or processes or improper or unauthorized action by third
parties, including consultants and subcontractors or our employees, we could suffer financial loss, an impairment to our liquidity position,
a disruption of our businesses, regulatory sanctions or damage to our reputation. In addition, the interconnectivity of multiple financial
institutions with central agents, exchanges and clearing houses, and the increased importance of these entities, increases the risk that
an operational failure at one institution or entity may cause an industry-wide operational failure that could materially impact our ability
to conduct business. Furthermore, the concentration of Company and personal information held by a handful of third parties increases
the risk that a breach at a key third party may cause an industry-wide data breach that could significantly increase the cost and risk
of conducting business. There can be no assurance that our business contingency and security response plans fully mitigate all potential
risks to us. Our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses
and the communities where we are located. This may include a disruption involving physical site access; cybersecurity incidents; terrorist
activities; political unrest; disease pandemics; catastrophic events; climate-related incidents and natural disasters (such as earthquakes,
tornadoes, hurricanes and wildfires); electrical outages; environmental hazards; computer servers; communications or other services we
use; and our employees or third parties with whom we conduct business. Although we employ backup systems for our data, those backup systems
may be unavailable following a disruption, the affected data may not have been backed up or may not be recoverable from the backup, or
the backup data may be costly to recover, which could adversely affect our business. 

Notwithstanding
evolving technology and technology-based risk and control systems, our businesses ultimately rely on people, including our employees
and those of third parties with which we conduct business. As a result of human error or engagement in violations of applicable policies,
laws, rules or procedures, certain errors or violations are not always discovered immediately by our technological processes or by our
controls and other procedures, which are intended to prevent and detect such errors or violations. These can include calculation errors,
mistakes in addressing emails or other communications, errors in software or model development or implementation, or errors in judgment,
as well as intentional efforts to disregard or circumvent applicable policies, laws, rules or procedures. Human errors and malfeasance,
even if promptly discovered and remediated, can result in material losses and liabilities for us. Any theft of data, technology or intellectual
property may negatively impact our operations and reputation, including disrupting the business activities of our subsidiaries, affiliates,
joint ventures or clients conducting business in those jurisdictions. 

11 

The
Company s information systems may experience an interruption or breach in security. 

The
Company relies heavily on communications and information systems to conduct its business. Any failure, interruption or breach in security
of these systems could result in failures or disruptions in the Company s customer relationship management, regulatory or other
reporting, general ledger, and other systems. While the Company has policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of
the failure, interruption or security breach of its information systems, there can be no assurance that any such failures, interruptions
or security breaches will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. Recent disclosures of such incursions
by foreign and domestic unauthorized agents aimed at large financial institutions reflect higher risks for all such institutions. The
occurrence of any failures, interruptions or security breaches of the Company s information systems could damage the Company s
reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject the Company to additional regulatory scrutiny, or expose the Company to civil
litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition
and results of operations. 

Our
businesses rely extensively on data processing and communications systems. In addition to better serving clients, the effective use of
technology increases efficiency and enables us to reduce costs. Adapting or developing our technology systems to meet new regulatory
requirements, client needs, and competitive demands is critical for our business. Introduction of new technology presents challenges
on a regular basis. There are significant technical and financial costs and risks in the development of new or enhanced applications,
including the risk that we might be unable to effectively use new technologies or adapt our applications to emerging industry standards.
Our continued success depends, in part, upon our ability to: (i) successfully maintain and upgrade the capability of our technology systems;
(ii) address the needs of our clients by using technology to provide products and services that satisfy their demands; and (iii) retain
skilled information technology employees. Failure of our technology systems, which could result from events beyond our control, or an
inability to effectively upgrade those systems or implement new technology-driven products or services, could result in financial losses,
liability to clients, and violations of applicable privacy and other applicable laws and regulatory sanctions. 

Cybersecurity
- Security breaches of our technology systems, or those of our clients or other third-party vendors we rely on, could subject us to significant
liability and harm our reputation. 

Our
operational systems and infrastructure must continue to be safeguarded and monitored for potential failures, disruptions, cyber-attacks
and breakdowns. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer
systems and networks. Although cybersecurity incidents among financial services firms are on the rise, we have not experienced any material
losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches. However, there can be no assurance that we will not suffer such
losses in the future. 

Despite
our implementation of protective measures and endeavoring to modify them as circumstances warrant, our computer systems, software and
networks may be vulnerable to human error, natural disasters, power loss, spam attacks, unauthorized access, distributed denial of service
attacks, computer viruses and other malicious code and other events that could have an impact on the security and stability of our operations.
Notwithstanding the precautions we take, if one or more of these events were to occur, this could jeopardize the information we confidentially
maintain, including that of our clients and counterparties, which is processed, stored in and transmitted through our computer systems
and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations or the operations of our clients and counterparties.
We may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify our protective measures, to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities
or other exposures or to make required notifications or disclosures. We may also be subject to litigation and financial losses that are
neither insured nor covered under any of our current insurance policies. 

A
technological breakdown could also interfere with our ability to comply with financial reporting and other regulatory requirements, exposing
us to potential disciplinary action by regulators. Our regulators have introduced programs to review our protections against such incidents
which, if they determined that our systems do not reasonably protect our clients assets and their data, could result in enforcement
activity and sanctions. 

In
providing services to clients, we may manage, utilize and store sensitive or confidential client or employee data, including personal
data. As a result, we may be subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect this information, such as U.S. federal and
state and international laws governing the protection of personally identifiable information. These laws and regulations are increasing
in complexity and number. If any person, including any of our associates, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our established
controls with respect to client or employee data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates such data, we could be subject to significant
monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or criminal prosecution. In addition, unauthorized disclosure of sensitive
or confidential client or employee data, whether through system failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, could damage
our reputation and cause us to lose clients and related revenue. 

12 

Potential
liability in the event of a security breach of client data could be significant. Depending on the circumstances giving rise to the breach,
this liability may not be subject to a contractual limit or an exclusion of consequential or indirect damages. The federally mandated
Consolidated Audit Trail CAT program which requires that client personally identifiable information be submitted to a
database not controlled by us may expose us to liability for breaches of that database not under our control. 

As
a result of the foregoing, the Company has and is likely to incur significant costs in preparing its infrastructure and maintaining it
to resist any such attacks. In addition to personnel dedicated to overseeing the infrastructure and systems to defend against cybersecurity
incidents, senior management is regularly briefed on issues, preparedness and any incidents requiring response. At their regularly scheduled
meetings, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors and the Board of Directors are briefed and brought up to date on cybersecurity. 

The
Company continually encounters technological change. 

The
financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven
products and services, driven by the emergence of the Fintech industry. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables
financial institutions to better serve customers and reduce costs. The Company s future success depends, in part, upon its ability
to address the needs of its customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands, as well
as to create additional efficiencies in the Company s operations. Many of the Company s competitors have substantially greater
resources to invest in technological improvements. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial
services industry could have a material adverse impact on the Company s business and, in turn, the Company s financial condition
and results of operations. 

There
is risk associated with the sufficiency of coverage under the Company s insurance policies. 

The
Company s operations and financial results are subject to risks and uncertainties related to the use of a combination of insurance,
self-insured retention and self-insurance for a number of risks, including most significantly property and casualty, general liability,
cyber-crime, workers compensation, and the portion of employee-related health care benefits plans funded by the Company, and certain
errors and omissions liability, among others. 

While
the Company endeavors to purchase insurance coverage that is appropriate to its assessment of risk, it is unable to predict with certainty
the frequency, nature or magnitude of claims for direct or consequential damages. The Company s business may be negatively affected
if in the future its insurance proves to be inadequate or unavailable. In addition, insurance claims may divert management resources
away from operating the business. 

Climate
change concerns could disrupt our businesses, adversely affect client activity levels, adversely affect the creditworthiness of our counterparties
and damage our reputation. 

Climate
change may cause extreme weather events that, among other things, could damage our facilities and equipment, injure our employees, disrupt
operations at one or more of our primary locations, negatively affect our ability to service and interact with our clients, and adversely
affect the value of our investments. Any of these events may increase our costs including our costs to insure against these events. 

Climate
change may also have a negative impact on the financial condition of our clients, which may decrease revenues from those clients and
increase the credit exposures to those clients. Additionally, our reputation and client relationships may be damaged as a result of our
involvement, or our clients involvement, in certain industries associated with causing or exacerbating, or alleged to cause or
exacerbate, climate change. We also may be negatively impacted by any decisions we make to continue to conduct or change our activities
in response to considerations relating to climate change. New regulations or guidance relating to climate change, as well as the perspectives
of shareholders, employees and other stakeholders regarding climate change, may affect whether and on what terms and conditions we engage
in certain activities or offer certain products. 

Environmental,
Social and Governance (ESG) Risks 

Increasingly
our society and our business are faced with challenges associated with the implementation of policies and practices that are supportive
of concerns related to environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues. We continue to explore implementing ESG considerations across
our business practices and operations, a task complicated by the lack of consensus around a defining standard of ESG. We continue to
focus on improving the resilience of our operations, fostering an inclusive workforce and maintaining a system of good corporate governance.
However, our efforts in this regard may be insufficient and may expose the Company to reputational risk from entities purporting to grade 
ESG platforms, reductions in business with certain clients demanding greater ESG efforts or to regulatory expectation and enforcement
if such practices become the subject of rule-making by regulators to whom we are subject. 

13 

LEGAL,
REGULATORY AND COMPLIANCE RISKS 

The
Company is subject to extensive securities regulation and the failure to comply with these regulations could subject it to monetary penalties
or sanctions. 

The
securities industry and the Company s business are subject to extensive regulation by the SEC, state securities regulators, other
governmental regulatory authorities and industry self-regulatory organizations. The Company may be adversely affected by new or revised
legislation or regulations or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules by these governmental authorities
and self-regulatory organizations. 

Dominari
Securities is a broker-dealer and investment adviser registered with the SEC and is primarily regulated by FINRA. Broker-dealers are
subject to regulations which cover all aspects of the securities business, including, without limitation sales methods and supervision,
underwriting, trading practices among broker-dealers, emerging standards concerning fees and charges imposed on clients for fee-based
programs, use and safekeeping of customers funds and securities, anti-money laundering and the USA Patriot Act (the Patriot
Act compliance, capital structure of securities firms, trade and regulatory reporting, cybersecurity, pricing of services, compliance
with DOL rules and regulations for retirement accounts, compliance with lending practices (Regulation T), record keeping, and the conduct
of directors, officers and employees. 

Compliance
with many of the regulations applicable to the Company involves a number of risks, particularly in areas where applicable regulations
may be subject to varying interpretation. The requirements imposed by these regulations are designed to ensure the integrity of the financial
markets and to protect customers and other third parties who deal with the Company. New regulations may result in enhanced standards
of duty on broker-dealers in their dealings with their clients (fiduciary standards). Consequently, these regulations often serve to
limit the Company s activities, including through net capital, customer protection and market conduct requirements, including those
relating to principal trading. Much of the regulation of broker-dealers has been delegated to self-regulatory organizations, principally
FINRA. FINRA adopts rules, subject to approval by the SEC, which govern its members and conducts periodic examinations of member firms 
operations. 

If
the Company is found to have violated any applicable laws, rules or regulations, formal administrative or judicial proceedings may be
initiated against it that may result in censure, fine, civil or criminal penalties, including treble damages in the case of insider trading
violations, the issuance of cease-and-desist orders, the suspension or termination of our broker-dealer or investment advisory activities,
the suspension or disqualification of our officers or employees; or other adverse consequences. 

The
imposition of any of the above or other penalties could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 

Financial
services firms have been subject to increased regulatory scrutiny increasing the risk of financial liability and reputational harm resulting
from adverse regulatory actions. 

Firms
in the financial services industry have been operating in an onerous regulatory environment. The industry has experienced increased scrutiny
from a variety of regulators, including the SEC,FINRA, and state regulators. Penalties and fines sought by regulatory authorities have
increased substantially. We may be adversely affected by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules by these
governmental authorities and SROs. Each of the regulatory bodies with jurisdiction over us has regulatory powers dealing with many different
aspects of financial services, including, but not limited to, the authority to fine us and to grant, cancel, restrict or otherwise impose
conditions on the right to continue operating particular businesses. For example, the failure to comply with the obligations imposed
by the Exchange Act on broker-dealers and the Advisers Act on investment advisers, including recordkeeping, registration, advertising
and operating requirements, disclosure obligations and prohibitions on fraudulent activities, or by the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended (the 1940 Act ), could result in investigations, sanctions and reputational damage. Increasingly, regulators
have instituted a practice of regulation by enforcement where new interpretations of existing regulations are introduced
by bringing enforcement actions against securities firms for activities that occurred in the past but were not then thought to be problematic.
We also may be adversely affected as a result of new or revised legislation or regulations imposed by the SEC, other U.S. or foreign
governmental regulatory authorities or SROs (e.g., FINRA) that supervise the financial markets. Substantial legal liability or significant
regulatory action taken against us could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects including our cash position. 

14 

Numerous
regulatory changes, and enhanced regulatory and enforcement activity, relating to the asset management business may increase our compliance
and legal costs and otherwise adversely affect our business. 

U.S.
and foreign governments have taken regulatory actions impacting the investment management industry, and may continue to take further
actions, including expanding current (or enacting new) standards, requirements and rules that may be applicable to us and our subsidiaries,
particularly those subsidiaries that are SEC registered investment advisers. For example, the SEC and several states and municipalities
in the United States have adopted pay-to-play rules, which could limit our ability to charge advisory fees. Such pay-to-play 
rules could affect the profitability of that portion of our business. Additionally, the use of soft dollars, where a portion
of commissions paid to broker-dealers in connection with the execution of trades also pays for research and other services provided to
advisors has been mostly prohibited in Europe and, is periodically reexamined in the U.S. and may be limited or modified in the future.
Furthermore, new regulations regarding the management of hedge funds and the use of certain investment products may impact our investment
management business and result in increased costs. For example, many regulators around the world adopted disclosure and reporting requirements
relating to the hedge fund business. 

On
June 5, 2019, the SEC adopted Regulation Best Interest Reg BI as Rule 15l-1 under the Exchange Act. Reg BI imposes a
new federal standard of conduct on registered broker-dealers and their associated persons when dealing with retail clients and requires
that a broker-dealer and its representatives act in the best interest of such client and not place its own interests ahead of the customer s
interests. Reg BI requires enhanced documentation for recommendations of securities transactions to broker-dealer retail clients. The
new rules and processes related thereto will likely limit revenue and most likely involve increased costs, including, but not limited
to, compliance costs associated with new or enhanced technology as well as increased litigation costs. 

It
is not possible to determine the extent of the impact of any new laws, regulations or initiatives that may be imposed, or whether any
existing proposals will become law. Conformance with any new laws or regulations could make compliance more difficult and expensive and
affect the manner in which we conduct business. 

If
the Company violates the securities laws, or is involved in litigation in connection with a violation, the Company s reputation
and results of operations may be adversely affected . 

Many
aspects of the Company s business involve substantial risks of liability. An underwriter is exposed to substantial liability under
federal and state securities laws, other federal and state laws, and court decisions, including decisions with respect to underwriters 
liability and limitations on indemnification of underwriters by issuers. For example, a firm that acts as an underwriter may be held
liable for material misstatements or omissions of fact in a prospectus used in connection with the securities being offered or for statements
made by its securities analysts or other personnel. The Company s underwriting activities will usually involve offerings of the
securities of smaller companies, which often involve a higher degree of risk and are more volatile than the securities of more established
companies. In comparison with more established companies, smaller companies are also more likely to be the subject of securities class
actions, to carry directors and officers liability insurance policies with lower limits or not at all, and to become insolvent. In addition,
in market downturns, claims tend to increase. Each of these factors increases the likelihood that an underwriter may be required to contribute
to an adverse judgment or settlement of a securities lawsuit. 

RISK
MANAGEMENT 

The
Company s risk management policies and procedures may leave it exposed to unidentified risks or an unanticipated level of risk. 

The
policies and procedures the Company employs to identify, monitor and manage risks may not be fully effective. Some methods of risk management
are based on the use of observed historical market behavior. As a result, these methods may not predict future risk exposures, which
could be significantly greater than historical measures indicate. Other risk management methods depend on evaluation of information regarding
markets, clients or other matters that are publicly available or otherwise accessible. This information may not be accurate, complete,
up-to-date or properly evaluated. Management of operational, legal and regulatory risk requires, among other things, policies and procedures
to properly record and verify a large number of transactions and events. The Company cannot give assurances that its policies and procedures
will effectively and accurately record and verify this information. 

The
Company seeks to monitor and control its risk exposure through a variety of separate but complementary financial, credit, operational,
compliance and legal reporting systems. The Company believes that it effectively evaluates and manages the market, credit and other risks
to which it is exposed. Nonetheless, the effectiveness of the Company s ability to manage risk exposure can never be completely
or accurately predicted or fully assured, and there can be no guarantee that the Company s risk management will be successful.
For example, unexpectedly large or rapid movements or disruptions in one or more markets or other unforeseen developments can have a
material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. The consequences of these developments
can include losses due to adverse changes in securities values, decreases in the liquidity of trading positions, higher volatility in
earnings, and increases in general systemic risk. Certain of the Company s risk management systems are subject to regulatory review
and may be found to be insufficient by the Company s regulators potentially leading to regulatory sanctions. There can be no guarantee
that the operation of these systems will allow the Company to prevent or mitigate the various risks faced by its businesses. Various
regulators periodically review companies risk control practices, and, if found inadequate, bring enforcement actions and sanctions
against such firms. 

15 

RISKS
ASSOCIATED WITH THE COMPANY S COMMON STOCK 

Our
common stock may be delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market if we fail to comply with continued listing standards. 

Our
common stock is currently traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol DOMH . If we fail to meet any of the continued
listing standards of The Nasdaq Capital Market, our common stock could be delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market. These continued listing
standards include specifically enumerated criteria, such as: 

a
 1.00 minimum closing bid price; 

stockholders 
 equity of 2.5 million; 

500,000
 shares of publicly-held common stock with a market value of at least 1 million; 

300
 round-lot stockholders; and 

compliance
 with Nasdaq s corporate governance requirements, as well as additional or more stringent
 criteria that may be applied in the exercise of Nasdaq s discretionary authority. 

If
we fail to comply with Nasdaq s continued listing standards, we may be delisted and our common stock will trade, if at all, only
on the over-the-counter market, such as the OTC Bulletin Board or OTCQX market, and then only if one or more registered broker-dealer
market makers comply with quotation requirements. In addition, delisting of our common stock could depress our stock price, substantially
limit liquidity of our common stock and materially adversely affect our ability to raise capital on terms acceptable to us, or at all.
Further, delisting of our common stock would likely result in our common stock becoming a penny stock under the Exchange
Act. 

Our
share price may be volatile and there may not be an active trading market for our common stock. 

There
can be no assurance that the market price of our common stock will not decline below its present market price or that there will be an
active trading market for our common stock. The market prices of upstart financial services companies have been and are likely to continue
to be highly volatile. Fluctuations in our operating results and general market conditions for upstart financial services stocks could
have a significant impact on the volatility of our common stock price. We have experienced significant volatility in the price of our
common stock. From January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, the share price of our common stock (on a split-adjusted basis) ranged
from a high of 11.56 to a low of 3.02. The reason for the volatility in our stock is not well understood and may continue. Factors
that may have contributed to such volatility include, but are not limited to: 

developments
 regarding regulatory filings; 

our
 funding requirements and the terms of our financing arrangements; 

introduction
 of new technologies by us or our competitors; 

government
 regulations and laws; 

public
 sentiment relating to our industry; 

the
 number of shares issued and outstanding; 

the
 number of shares trading on an average trading day; 

block
 sales of our shares by stockholders to whom we have sold stock in private placements, or the cessation of transfer restrictions with
 respect to those shares; and 

market
 speculation regarding any of the foregoing. 

16 

Our
shares of common stock are thinly traded and, as a result, stockholders may be unable to sell at or near ask prices, or at all, if they
need to sell shares to raise money or otherwise desire to liquidate their shares. 

Our
common stock has been thinly-traded meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing our common stock at or
near ask prices at any given time may be relatively small or non-existent. This situation is attributable to a number of factors, including
the fact that we are a small company that is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stock brokers, institutional investors and others
in the investment community that generate or influence sales volume, and that even if we came to the attention of such persons, they
tend to be risk-averse and would be reluctant to follow an unproven company such as ours or purchase or recommend the purchase of our
shares until such time as we become more seasoned and viable. Our trading volumes are further adversely affected by the 1-for-19 reverse
stock split that was effective as of March 4, 2016. In addition, we believe that due to the limited number of shares of our common stock
outstanding, an options market has not been established for our common stock, limiting the ability of market participants to hedge or
otherwise undertake trading strategies available for larger companies with broader shareholder bases which prevents institutions and
others from acquiring or trading in our securities. Consequently, there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity
in our shares is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a large and steady volume of trading activity that
will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on share price. We cannot give stockholders any assurance that a broader
or more active public trading market for our common shares will develop or be sustained, or that current trading levels will be sustained. 

Because
of the anti-takeover provisions in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, Amended and Restated Bylaws and
Delaware General Corporation Law, a third party may be discouraged from making a takeover offer that could be beneficial to our stockholders. 

The
effect of certain provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, Amended and Restated Bylaws and the anti-takeover
provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), could delay or prevent a third party from acquiring us or
replacing members of our Board of Directors, or make more costly any attempt to acquire control of the Company, even if the acquisition
or the Board designees would be beneficial to our stockholders. These factors could also reduce the price that certain investors might
be willing to pay for shares of the common stock and result in the market price being lower than it would be without these provisions. 

Dividends
on our common stock are not likely. 

During
the last five years, we have not paid cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common
stock in the foreseeable future. Investors must look solely to the potential for appreciation in the market price of the shares of our
common stock to obtain a return on their investment. 

Item
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

Item
2. PROPERTIES. 

We lease offices located in New York, New York and we believe that
the New York offices are sufficient to meet our current needs. 

Item
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

In
the past, in the ordinary course of business, we actively pursued legal remedies to enforce our intellectual property rights and to stop
unauthorized use of our technology. Other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business, we know of no material, active
or pending legal proceedings against us. 

Item
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

17 

PART
II 

Item
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol DOMH . On March 20, 2023, the closing price of our
common stock, as reported by the Nasdaq Capital Market, was 3.30. 

Holders 

As
of March 20, 2023, we had approximately 135 holders of record of our common stock. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We currently do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. Any future determination to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable
laws, and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions and other
factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 

Share
Repurchases 

Following
are our monthly share repurchases for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022: 

Period 
 Total 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Purchased 
 Average 
 Price Paid 
 Per Share 
 Total 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Purchased as 
 Part of 
 Publicly 
 Announced 
 Plans 
 or Programs 
 Approximate 
 Dollar 
 Value of 
 Shares 
 That May 
 Yet Be 
 Purchased 
 Under the 
 Plans or 
 Programs 

(In thousands) 
 
 October 1, 2022 October 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2,000 
 
 November 1, 2022 November 30, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 
 2,000 
 
 December 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 
 18,200 
 3.1563 
 18,200 
 1,942 

All
share repurchases were made using cash resources. Our share repurchases may occur through open market purchases or pursuant to a Rule
10b5-1 trading plan. The above table excludes shares repurchased to settle employee tax withholding related to the vesting of stock awards. 

18 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
following table provides information about our common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options, warrants and rights under
all of our existing equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities 
 to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) 
 Weighted average exercise 
 price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining 
 available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in 
 column 
 (1))(2) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security
 holder 
 479,654 
 32.35 
 4,555,144 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved
 by security holder 
 - 
 - 
 - 

479,654 
 
 4,555,144 

(1) Consists
 of options to acquire 24,840 shares of our common stock under the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan
 and 454,814 under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan. 

(2) Consists
 of shares of common stock available for future issuance under our equity incentive plan or
 any other individual compensation arrangement. 

Item
6. [RESERVED] 

Item
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

You
should read this discussion together with the Consolidated Financial Statements, related Notes and other financial information included
elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The following discussion contains assumptions, estimates and other forward-looking statements that involve
a number of risks and uncertainties. These risks could cause our actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in these
forward-looking statements. 

Overview

Dominari Holdings Inc. (the Company ), formerly known
as AIkido Pharma, Inc., was founded in 1967 as Spherix Incorporated. Since 2017, the Company has operated as a biotechnology company with
a diverse portfolio of small-molecule anticancer and antiviral therapeutics and their related patent technology. In an effort to enhance
shareholder value, in June of this year, the Company formed a wholly owned financial services subsidiary, Dominari Financial Inc. Dominari ),
with the intent of shifting the Company s primary operating focus away from biotechnology to the fintech and financial services
industries. Through Dominari Holdings, the Company plans to make strategic acquisitions across the fintech and financial services industries. 

On September 9, 2022, Dominari entered into a
membership interest purchase agreement (the FPS Purchase Agreement with Fieldpoint Private Bank Trust Seller ),
a Connecticut bank, for the purchase of its wholly owned subsidiary, Fieldpoint Private Securities, LLC, a Connecticut limited liability
company FPS ), that is a broker-dealer registered with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA and an investment adviser registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Pursuant to the terms
of the FPS Purchase Agreement, Dominari purchased from the Seller 100 of the membership interests in FPS (the Membership Interests ).
FPS s registered broker-dealer and investment adviser businesses will be operated as a wholly owned subsidiary of Dominari. 
The FPS Purchase Agreement provides for Dominari s acquisition of FPS s Membership Interests in two closings, the first
of which occurred on October 4, 2022 (the Initial Closing ), at which Dominari paid to the Seller 2,000,000 in consideration
for a transfer by the Seller to Dominari of 20 of the FPS Membership Interests. Following the Initial Closing, FPS filed
a continuing membership application requesting approval for a change of ownership, control, or business operations with FINRA in accordance
with FINRA Rule 1017 (the Rule 1017 Application which was approved on March 20, 2023. The second closing Second
Closing ), occurred on March 27, 2023. Dominari paid the Seller an additional 1.00 in consideration for the transfer by the Seller
to Dominari of the remaining 80 of the Membership Interests. The Second Closing is subject to customary closing conditions, including
the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the applicable parties under the FPS Purchase Agreement and compliance therewith. 

19 

Additionally, AIkido Labs, LLC Aikido Labs ), another
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, has explored opportunities in high growth industries. To date, Aikido Labs has made equity
investments in Anduril Industries, Inc, Databricks, Inc., Discord, Inc., Epic Games, Inc., Payward, Inc. dba Kraken, Space Exploration
Technologies Corp. dba SpaceX, Tevva Motors Ltd., Thrasio, LLC, and Yanka Industries, Inc. dba Masterclass. The Company is in the
process of winding down its historical pipeline of biotechnology assets consisting of patented technologies from leading universities
and researchers, including prospective treatments for pancreatic cancer, acute myeloid leukemia, and acute lymphoblastic leukemia. The
Company is also developing a broad-spectrum antiviral platform, in which the lead compounds have activity in cell-based assays against
multiple viruses including Influenza virus, Ebolavirus, the Marburg virus, SARS-CoV, MERS-CoV, and SARS-CoV-2, the cause of COVID-19. 

Reverse
Stock Split 

On
June 7, 2022, the Company effected a seventeen-for-one (17-for-1) reverse stock split of its class of common stock (the Reverse
Stock Split ). The Reverse Stock Split, which was approved by stockholders at an annual stockholder meeting on May 20, 2022, was
consummated pursuant to a Certificate of Amendment filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on June 2, 2022. The Reverse Stock Split
was effective on June 7, 2022. All references to common stock, convertible preferred stock, warrants to purchase common stock, options
to purchase common stock, restricted stock units, restricted stock awards, share data, per share data and related information contained
in the consolidated financial statements have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the effect of the Reverse Stock Split for all
periods presented. Payment for fractional shares resulting from the reverse stock split amounted to 26,000. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
critical accounting policies are disclosed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

See
Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting standards. 

Results
of Operations 

Fiscal
Year Ended December 31, 2022, Compared to Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021 

The
Company did not recognize revenue from operations, nor do we expect to recognize any revenue until our operational transition into the
financial services industry is complete. 

20 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, we incurred a loss from operations of approximately 14.4 million and 9.4 million, respectively.
The approximate 5.0 million increase in loss was primarily attributable to the following: 

i. An approximate 4.0 million increase in general and administrative
expenses driven by approximately 1.5 million of fully-vested restricted stock grants issued to the members of the board of directors
and approximately 1.5 million of discretionary bonus expense for employees. We also incurred approximately 1.6 million in legal and
accounting advisory fees related to our transition into a financial services business. 

ii. An
 approximate 0.3 million increase in research and development expenses attributable
 to an approximate 0.3 million increase in expense related to our previous development of
 a broad-spectrum antiviral platform, in which the lead compounds have activity in cell-based
 assays against multiple viruses including the Influenza virus, Ebolavirus and Marburg virus,
 SARS-CoV, MERS-CoV, and SARS-CoV-2, the cause of COVID-19; and, 

iii. An
 approximate increase of 0.7 million in research and development - license acquired 
 attributable to an approximate 1.2 million payment under our license agreement with the
 University of Maryland UM pursuant to which the UM granted us an exclusive,
 worldwide, royalty bearing license to certain intellectual property to, among other things,
 discover, develop, make, have made, use and sell certain licensed products and sell, use
 and practice certain licensed services with respect to the treatment of cancer. The additional
 license payment was partially offset by a decrease, year-over-year, of 0.5 million related
 to a one-time recognition of restricted stock expense in 2021 in relation to the license
 arrangements. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, other (expense) income was approximately (7.8) million and 2.3 million, respectively. The
activity for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, is primarily a result of overall volatility in investment valuations due to
macroeconomic uncertainty (i.e. inflation, global tensions in the Ukraine, etc.) impacting marketable securities and the change in fair
value of short and long-term investments. Specifically: 

i. Marketable
 securities we recognized a loss of approximately 6.0 million for the year ending
 December 31, 2022. The increase in losses over prior year is a direct result of an increase
 in both realized and unrealized losses on marketable securities of 1.3 million and 1.8
 million, respectively, and a 1.1 million decrease in related dividend income. 

ii. Short-term
 and long-term investments we recognized a loss on change in fair value of investments
 for the year ending December 31, 2022, of approximately 2.6 million. The change over prior
 year is a function of unrealized losses of approximately 3.8 million on our investments
 of Kaya Holding Corp. and Nano Innovations Inc. for the year ending December 31, 2022, as
 compared to approximately 3.6 million in unrecognized gains on our investments in Kaya Holding
 Corp. and Kerna Health, Inc. recorded for the year ending December 31, 2021. Further, we
 also recognized approximately 0.5 million in net realized losses on our investments in DatChat,
 Inc., Hoth Therapeutics Inc., and Vicinity Motor Corp and an approximate 0.9 million realized
 loss on our conversion of the Slinger Bag, Inc. convertible promissory note into common stock
 of Connexa Sports Technologies Inc. (formerly Slinger Bag Inc.). The aforementioned losses
 were driven by increased volatility in the market. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We
continue to incur ongoing administrative and other expenses, including public company expenses. While we continue to implement our business
strategy, we intend to finance our activities through: 

managing
 current cash and cash equivalents on hand from our past debt and equity offerings; 

seeking
 additional funds raised through the sale of additional securities in the future; 

seeking
 additional liquidity through credit facilities or other debt arrangements; and 

Our
ultimate success is dependent on our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet our obligations on a timely basis. Our business
may require significant amounts of capital to sustain operations that we need to execute our longer-term business plan to support our
transition into the financial services industry. Our working capital amounted to approximately 48.9 million as of December 31, 2022.
We may need to obtain additional debt or equity financing, especially if we experience downturns in our business that are more severe
or longer than anticipated, or if we experience significant increases in expense levels resulting from being a publicly-traded company
or from continuing operations. If we attempt to obtain additional debt or equity financing, we cannot assume that such financing will
be available to the Company on favorable terms, or at all. 

21 

Cash
Flows from Operating Activities 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, net cash used in operations was approximately 10.6 million and 6.6 million, respectively.
The cash used in operating activities for the year ending December 31, 2022, is primarily attributable to a net loss of approximately
 22.1 million. The net loss was slightly offset by approximately 4.9 million in unrealized losses on marketable securities, approximately
 2.6 million relating to the change in fair value of short-term investments, approximately 1.8 million in research and development expense
related to acquired licenses, approximately 1.5 million related to stock-based compensation, and approximately 1.4 million of realized
loss on marketable securities. The cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021, is primarily attributable
to a net loss of approximately 7.2 million, further increased by approximately 3.6 million for a change in fair value of short-term
investments, and slightly offset by approximately 3.1 million in unrealized losses on marketable securities and approximately 1.1 million
in research and development expense related to acquired licenses. 

Cash
Flows from Investing Activities 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, net cash used in investing activities was approximately 14.6 million and 8.9 million,
respectively. The cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily resulted from our purchase of marketable
securities of approximately 26.8 million, purchase of investments of approximately 15.0 million, purchase of research and development
licenses of approximately 1.8 million, and the purchase of promissory notes of approximately 1.6 million, partially offset by our sale
of marketable securities of approximately 28.7 million since we invest excess cash into marketable securities until additional cash
is needed. The cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily resulted from our purchase of marketable
securities of approximately 93.4 million, the purchase of promissory notes of approximately 6.9 million, purchase of short-term and
long-term investments of approximately 5.7 million, deposits of approximately 4.2 million and the purchase of convertible notes of
approximately 2.0 million, partially offset by our sale of marketable securities of approximately 103.0 million. 

Cash
Flows from Financing Activities 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in financing activities was approximately 7.2 million, which reflects the cost for redemption
of Series O and Series P Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock of approximately 22.0 million and cost for purchase of treasury stock
of approximately 3.1 million, partially offset by net proceeds of approximately 17.9 million from investors in exchange of issuance
of issuance of Series O and Series P Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock. For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash provided by financing
activities was approximately 78.2 million, which is primarily attributable to the approximate 78.2 million from investors in exchange
of issuance of common stock and warrants. 

Contractual
obligations 

None. 

Item
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

22 

Item
8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Consolidated
financial statements and supplementary data required by this Item 8 follow. 

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID Number 24 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID Number 100) 25 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 26 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 27 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 28 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 29 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 

23 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Dominari Holdings Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Dominari Holdings Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statement of operations,
stockholders equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year in the period ended
December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Valuation of investments
and notes receivable 

Description of the Matter 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company held 23.1
million of investments measured using an adjusted cost method measurement alternative for investments in equity securities without readily
determinable fair values, and 8.6 million of notes receivable measured using the fair value option at each reporting date. We identified
the valuation of these investments and notes receivable as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgement management uses
to estimate their value. This is a challenging audit area due to the subjectivity in assessing, for the investments, whether there has
been an observable transaction involving the same or a similar investment with the same issuer, or if there has been impairment, and for
notes receivable, whether the general economic and stock market conditions and those characteristics specific to the underlying issuer
indicate there should be a change in the measurement of fair value. 

How we Addressed the Matter in our Audit 

Our audit procedures addressing the matter involved
(1) obtaining an understanding of management s process for accounting for their investments that do not have readily determinable
fair values. (2) We evaluated the characteristics specific to the issuer of notes and general economic and stock market conditions that
indicate if there should be a change in the measurement of fair value. (3) We evaluated the accounting conclusions reached by the Company
as to whether any observable transactions had occurred that were identical or similar in nature through inspecting the Company s
available financial and other information regarding the investments. For the investments and the notes (4) we considered the appropriateness
of the Company s application of accounting policy by obtaining and reviewing the Company s analysis and confirming its compliance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. (5) We tested the mathematical accuracy of the Company s carrying
value calculations and (6) considered whether or not any of the investments or notes should be impaired. (7) We also performed public
searches for corroborating or contradictory information. (8) We evaluated the adequacy of the Company s disclosures in the notes
to the consolidated financial statements in relation to this matter. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022 . 

March 31, 2023 

24 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors
of 

Dominari Holdings Inc. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Dominari Holdings Inc. (formerly AIkido Pharma, Inc.) (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related
consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows, for the year then ended, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and the consolidated results
of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws
and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that is communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Valuation of investments in privately-held
companies 

Description of the Matter 

As of December 31, 2021, the Company had 9.5
million of investments in companies without readily determinable fair values. The Company typically measures these investments at cost
less any impairment, adjusted for observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment. We identified
the valuation of these investments as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgement management uses to estimate the investment
value. This is a challenging audit area due to the subjectivity in assessing whether observable price changes have occurred for investments
that are identical or similar to the investment the Company holds, and in assessing whether an investment is impaired. 

How we Addressed the Matter in our Audit 

Addressing the matter involved obtaining an understanding
of management s process for accounting for their investments that do not have readily determinable fair values. We considered the
appropriateness of the Company s application of accounting policy by obtaining and reviewing the Company s analysis and confirming
its compliance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. We tested the mathematical accuracy of the Company s
carrying value calculations and considered whether or not any of the investments should be impaired. We evaluated the accounting conclusions
reached by the Company as to whether any observable transactions had occurred that were identical or similar in nature through reading
of the Company s available financial and other information regarding the investee and through public searches for corroborating
or contradictory information. Further, we evaluated the Company s impairment conclusions considering this internal and external
information. We also evaluated the adequacy of the Company s disclosures in Note 7 in relation to this matter. 

/s/WithumSmith+Brown, PC 

We have served as the Company's auditor since
2021. 

New York, New York 

March 28, 2022 

PCAOB ID Number 100 

25 

DOMINARI
HOLDINGS INC. 

(Formerly
AIkido Pharma, Inc.) 

Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

in thousands except share and per share amounts) 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Prepaid acquisition cost 
 
 -

Short-term investments at fair value 

Notes receivable at fair value 

Investment deposit 
 -

Investment in FieldPoint Securities 
 
 -

Total current assets 

Convertible note receivable at fair value 
 -

Notes receivable at fair value 
 
 -

Investments 

Right-of-use assets 
 
 -

Security deposit 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued salaries and benefits 

Lease liability - current 
 
 - 
 
 Total current liabilities 

Lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Total liabilities 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock, par value, Authorized 

Series D: shares designated; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021; liquidation value of per share 
 -
 
 -

Series D-1: shares designated; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021; liquidation value of per share 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 -
 
 -

Additional paid-in capital 

Treasury stock, at cost, and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities
 and stockholders equity 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

26 

DOMINARI
HOLDINGS INC. 

(Formerly
AIkido Pharma, Inc.) 

Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

in thousands except share and per share amounts) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating costs and expenses 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Research and development - license acquired 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other (expenses) income 

Other income 

Interest income 

Loss on marketable securities 

Change in fair value of investments 

Total other (expenses) income 

Net loss 

Deemed dividends related to Series
 O and Series P Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 -

Net Loss Attributable to Common Shareholders 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

Basic and Diluted

Weighted average number of shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

Basic and Diluted

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

27 

DOMINARI
HOLDINGS INC. 

(Formerly
AIkido Pharma, Inc.) 

Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

in thousands except share and per share amounts) 

Redeemable
 Convertible 
 Preferred Stock 

Additional 

Total 

Series
 O 
 Series
 P 
 Common
 Stock 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Treasury
 Stock 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at December
 31, 2020 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock and warrants (net of offering costs of 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Exercise of warrants 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock
 for research and development license acquired 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Conversion of Series D Preferred
 stock 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stock-based compensation 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Fractional shares adjusted
 for reverse split 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 loss 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31,
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of Series O redeemable
 convertible preferred stock for cash 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance of Series P redeemable
 convertible preferred stock for cash 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cost on issuance of Series
 O and Series P Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deemed dividends related
 to Series O and Series P Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Redemption
 of Series O Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Redemption of Series
 P Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Purchase of treasury stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Cancellation of common stock
 related to investment in CBM 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Fractional shares adjusted
 for reverse split 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

28 

DOMINARI
HOLDINGS INC. 

(Formerly
AIkido Pharma, Inc.) 

Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 
 
 -

Change in fair value of short-term investment 

Change in fair value of long-term investment 
 
 -

Research and development-acquired license, expensed 

Stock-based compensation 

Realized loss on marketable securities 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Prepaid acquisition cost 
 
 -

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued salaries and benefits 

Lease liabilities 
 
 -

Interest receivable on convertible note 

Deposit 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchase of membership interest in FPS 
 
 -

Purchase of marketable securities 

Sale of marketable securities 

Proceeds from sale of digital currencies 
 
 -

Proceeds from sale of DatChat common shares 
 -

Return of deposit (funding of deposit) into a managed account, net 

Purchase of short-term and long-term investments 

Purchase of research and development licenses 

Purchase of short-term and long-term promissory notes 

Purchase of convertible note 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants, net of offering cost 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of Series O and Series P Redeemable
 Convertible Preferred Stock, net of discount and offering cost 
 
 -

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 
 -

Payment for fractional shares 
 
 -

Redemption of Series O and Series P Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 -

Purchase of treasury stock 
 
 -

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Non-cash investing and financing activities 

Transfer from short-term investment to marketable securites 
 
 -

Transfer from long-term investment to marketable securites 

Reclassify from convertible note receivable to notes receivable at fair value 
 
 -

Promissory convertible note receivable conversion into common shares 
 
 -

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

29 

DOMINARI
HOLDINGS INC. 
(Formerly AIkido Pharma, Inc.) 
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

of the membership interests in FPS (the Membership
Interests ). FPS s registered broker-dealer and investment adviser businesses will be operated as a wholly owned subsidiary
of Dominari. The FPS Purchase Agreement provides for Dominari s acquisition of FPS s Membership Interests in two closings, the
first of which occurred on October 4, 2022 (the Initial Closing ), at which Dominari paid to the Seller million in consideration
for a transfer by the Seller to Dominari of of the FPS Membership Interests. Following the Initial Closing, FPS filed
a continuing membership application requesting approval for a change of ownership, control, or business operations with FINRA in accordance
with FINRA Rule 1017 (the Rule 1017 Application ). The Rule 1017 Application was approved by FINRA on March 20, 2023.
The second closing (the Second Closing occurred on March 27, 2023. Dominari paid to the Seller an additional in consideration
for a transfer by the Seller to Dominari of the remaining of the Membership Interests. The Second Closing is subject to customary
closing conditions, including the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the applicable parties under the FPS Purchase Agreement
and compliance therewith. 

. 

30 

DOMINARI
 HOLDINGS INC. 
 (Formerly AIkido Pharma, Inc.) 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

31 

DOMINARI HOLDINGS INC. 
(Formerly AIkido Pharma, Inc.) 
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

32 

DOMINARI
 HOLDINGS INC. 
 (Formerly AIkido Pharma, Inc.) 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million
with a fund to identify opportunities to expand the Company s investments in Asia. The cash is held, net management expenses, in
bank accounts on behalf of the Company until the fund manager identified investments. In October 2022, the Company withdrew and transferred
the funds to its marketable securities account. During the period ended October 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
incurred legal and advisory fees related to the account of approximately thousand and million, respectively. Investment deposit
was and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million in consideration for a transfer
by the Seller to the Company of of the Membership Interests in FPS. The million is held in a bank account as collateral pending
the completion of the second closing. Upon completion of the second closing, the million will be released back to the Company. There
were no indicators of impairment from date of investment, October 4, 2022, through December 31, 2022. The Investment in FPS was 
million as of December 31, 2022. 

excise tax on stock
buy-backs. The Company has not completed its analysis of this legislation, but it is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s
tax liability. 

33 

DOMINARI HOLDINGS INC. 
(Formerly AIkido Pharma, Inc.) 
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of the Company s
Series M Convertible Preferred Stock were exchanged for restricted shares of the Company s common stock, par value 
per share, or approximately million. The Company paid a one-time nonrefundable cash payment of million to Silo Pharma for the
License Agreement. The restricted stock and cash payment were recorded as research and development expense when incurred. The Company
paid Silo Pharma a running royalty equal to of net sales (as such term is defined in the License Agreement). Running
royalties are amounts paid to the licensor over time based on the revenue earned by the licensee from sales of products that embody the
licensed IP, if any. 

million of additional license fees to UM. 

Unrealized loss 

Dividend income 

Total 

Investment in DatChat, Inc. 
 - 

Investment in Vicinity Motor Corp. 

Total 

34 

DOMINARI HOLDINGS INC. 
(Formerly AIkido Pharma, Inc.) 
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Transfer to marketable securities 

Change in fair value of short-term investment 

Ending balance 

shares
of Hoth common stock were transferred to the marketable securities account and were sold for net proceeds of approximately million. 

shares
of Hoth common stock were transferred to and subsequently sold from the marketable securities account, resulting in an investment in
Hoth of as of December 31, 2022. 

per share under the ticker DATS. The Company
records this investment at fair value and records any change in fair value in the statements of operations (see Note 9). 

shares of DatChat common stock for net proceeds
of approximately million. 

shares
of DatChat common stock were transferred to and subsequently sold from the marketable securities account, resulting in an investment
in DatChat of as of December 31, 2022. 

shares of
Vicinity common stock at per share. The warrant expires on . The fair value was determined using a Black-Scholes
simulation. The Company recorded the fair value of the Vicinity warrant of approximately and million in the consolidated
balance sheet as of December 31,2022 and 2021, respectively, reflecting the benefit received as part of its purchase of Vicinity common
shares through its brokerage account. The initial investment in Vicinity was measured at approximately million. Gains or losses
associated with changes in the fair value of investments in Vicinity warrants are recognized as Change in fair value of investment on
the consolidated statements of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded approximately million of
change in fair value of investment for this investment. 

35 

DOMINARI HOLDINGS INC. 
(Formerly AIkido Pharma, Inc.) 
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividends 

Stock price 

Investment in Kaya Now 
 - 

Investment in Tevva Motors 

Investment in ASP Isotopes 
 - 

Investment in AerocarveUS Corporation 

Investment in Qxpress 
 
 -

Investment in Masterclass 
 
 -

Investment in Kraken 
 
 -

Investment in Epic Games 
 
 -

Investment in Tesspay 
 
 -

Investment in SpaceX 
 
 -

Investment in Databricks 
 
 -

Investment in Discord 
 
 -

Investment in Thrasio 
 
 -

Investment in Automation Anywhere 
 
 -

Investment in Anduril 
 
 -

Total 

Purchase of investments 

Change in fair value of long-term investments 

Transfer to marketable securities 

Ending balance 

shares of common stock of Kerna for million.
Kerna, a private company, raised capital during the fourth quarter of 2021, increasing its share price value to per share. Therefore,
the Company recorded a million unrealized gain on this investment during the fourth quarter of 2021. The investment in Kerna was
valued at million as of December 31, 2021. In May 2022, the Company purchased additional shares of common stock of Kerna
Health Inc, Kerna for approximately million. The investment in Kerna was valued at million as of December 31,
2022. 

36 

DOMINARI HOLDINGS INC. 
(Formerly AIkido Pharma, Inc.) 
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of common stock of Kaya for approximately
 million. Kaya, a private company, raised capital during the fourth quarter of 2021, increasing its share price value to per
share. Therefore, the Company recorded approximately million in unrealized gain on this investment during the fourth quarter of
2021. The investment in Kaya was valued at approximately million as of December 31, 2021. On March 2, 2022, the Company purchased
additional shares of common stock of Kaya Now Inc., aka Kaya Holding Corp., Kaya for approximately million. 

shares at per share of common stock. 

million in the fourth quarter of
2022. The impairment charge represents an unrealized impairment loss of approximately million in stock, million related to
the promissory note (See Note 8 Notes Receivable ), and in Kaya warrants (See Note 9 Fair Value of Financial
Assets and Liabilities ). The investment in Kaya was valued at as of December 31, 2022. 

interests of Tevva
Motors for approximately million. Subsequently, on September 30, 2021, the Company entered into a second securities purchase agreement
with Big Sky Opportunities Fund, LLC to purchase an additional interests of Tevva Motors for approximately million. The investment
in Tevva was valued at approximately million as of December 31, 2021. Tevva Motors Tevva ), a private company, raised
capital during the first quarter of 2022, increasing its share price value to per share. Subsequent to the first quarter raise,
Tevva had an additional fund raise in the second quarter at a lower valuation of per share. Therefore, the Company recorded a
first quarter unrealized gain of approximately million offset by a second quarter unrealized loss of approximately million.
The investment in Tevva was valued at approximately million as of December 31, 2022. 

shares of common stock of ASP Isotopes for million.
The investment in ASP Isotopes was valued at approximately million as of December 31, 2021. In August 2022, the Company purchased
additional shares of common stock of ASP Isotopes Inc. ASP for million. In November 2022, the Company
transferred all shares of ASP Isotopes common stock, approximately million, inclusive of a million unrealized
gain, to the marketable securities account. 

shares of common stock of AerocarveUS for
 million. The investment in AerocarveUS was valued at approximately million as of December 31, 2021. The investment in AerocarveUS
Corporation was valued at million as of December 31, 2022. 

shares of common stock of Qxpress for million. The investment in Qxpress
was valued at million as of December 31, 2022. 

37 

DOMINARI HOLDINGS INC. 
(Formerly AIkido Pharma, Inc.) 
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of common stock of Masterclass for approximately million. Although
there was also a private fund raise in the second quarter, the per share amount approximated the fair value of the Company s investment
in Masterclass, resulting in no unrealized gain or loss. The investment in Masterclass was valued at approximately million as of
December 31, 2022. 

shares of common stock of Kraken for approximately million. In August
2022, the Company entered into a common stock transfer agreement with a private seller to purchase shares of Kraken for approximately
 million. The investment in Kraken was valued at approximately million as of December 31, 2022. 

shares of common stock of Epic Games for a total million.
In April 2022, the Company invested an additional million for the purchase of additional shares of common stock of Epic Games. Although
there was also a fund raise in April, the per share amount approximated the fair value of the Company s investment in Epic Games,
resulting in no unrealized gain or loss. The investment in Epic Games was valued at million as of December 31, 2022. 

shares of common stock of Tesspay for approximately million. The Company also
invested an additional million for pre-IPO. Tesspay, a private company, raised capital during the first quarter of 2022, increasing
its share price value to per share. Therefore, the Company recorded in unrealized gain on this investment during the first
quarter of 2022. Subsequent to the first quarter raise, Tesspay had an additional fund raise in the fourth quarter at per share,
resulting in an additional unrealized gain of approximately million. The investment in Tesspay was valued at approximately 
million as of December 31, 2022. 

million. In April 2022, the Company invested an additional million for the purchase
of additional shares of common stock of SpaceX. The Company identified a private fund raise on January 3, 2023. Given the proximity to
the December 31, 2022 valuation date, the value of the fund raise was used as a proxy for the fair valuation of the Company s investment
in SpaceX as of December 31, 2022. The per share price of SpaceX s recent fund raise resulted in an unrealized gain of approximately
 million. The investment in SpaceX was valued at approximately million as of December 31, 2022. 

shares of common stock of Databricks for a total million.
The investment in Databricks was valued at million as of December 31, 2022. 

shares
of common stock of Discord for approximately million. The investment in Discord was valued at million as of December 31, 2022. 

38 

DOMINARI HOLDINGS INC. 
(Formerly AIkido Pharma, Inc.) 
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of common stock of Thrasio for million. The investment in Thrasio was valued at million as of December
31, 2022. 

shares of common stock of Automation Anywhere for approximately million. The investment in Automation Anywhere was valued at 
million as of December 31, 2022. 

shares of common stock of Anduril for
approximately million. The investment in Anduril was valued at million as of December 31, 2022. 

Short-term notes receivable 

Raefan Industries LLC Investment 

Total 

Long-term notes receivable 

American Innovative Robotics Investment 

-

Nano Innovations Inc Investment 

Short-term notes receivable 

Raefan Group LLC Investment 

Raefan Industries LLC Investment 

Long-term convertible note receivable 

Convergent Investment 

convertible promissory note Convergent Convertible Note issued by Convergent Therapeutics, Inc. Convergent in the principal amount of million pursuant to a Note Purchase Agreement with Convergent. The Company paid a purchase price for
the Convergent Convertible Note of million. The Company will receive interest on the Convergent Convertible Note at the rate of 
per annum payable upon conversion or maturity of the Convergent Convertible Note. The Convergent Convertible Note shall mature on . 

39 

DOMINARI HOLDINGS INC. 
(Formerly AIkido Pharma, Inc.) 
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million and million on the Convergent Convertible Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

promissory note Raefan Group Promissory Note issued by Raefan Group, LLC Raefan Group in the principal
amount of approximately million pursuant to a Note Purchase Agreement with Raefan Group. The Company will receive interest on the
Raefan Group Promissory Note at the rate of per annum payable upon conversion or maturity of the Raefan Group Promissory Note. The
Raefan Group Promissory Note shall mature on . 

. 

million on the Mr. Jeffrey Cooper Promissory Note as of December 6, 2022. 

on the Raefan Group Promissory Note as of December 31, 2021. 

promissory note Raefan Industries Promissory Note issued by Raefan Industries, LLC Raefan Industries in the principal amount of approximately million pursuant to a Note Purchase Agreement with Raefan Industries. The Company paid
a purchase price for the Raefan Industries Promissory Note of approximately million. The Company will receive interest on the Raefan
Industries Promissory Note at the rate of per annum payable upon conversion or maturity of the Raefan Industries Promissory Note.
The Raefan Industries Promissory Note shall mature on . 

million on the Raefan Industries Promissory Note as of December 6, 2022. 

on the Raefan Industries Promissory Note as of December 31, 2021. 

million and (ii) Mr. Jeffrey
Cooper Promissory Note dated March 11, 2022 issued by Mr. Jeffrey Cooper in the principal amount of approximately million with Raefan
Amended Note in the principal amount of approximately million. All accrued and unpaid interest due under the original notes prior
to December 6, 2022 remain due and payable accordance with the terms of this Amended Note. The Company will receive interest on the Raefan
Amended Note at the rate of per annum payable upon conversion or maturity of the Raefan Amended Note. The Raefan Amended Note shall
mature on September 30, 2023. 

on the with Raefan Amended Note as of December 31, 2022. 

convertible promissory note Slinger Bag Convertible
Note in the principal amount of million and a common stock purchase warrant to purchase up to shares of common stock
of Slinger Bag. The Company paid a purchase price of million for the Slinger Bag Convertible Note and the common stock purchase
warrant. The Company will receive interest on the Slinger Bag Convertible Note at the rate of per annum payable upon conversion or
maturity of the Slinger Bag Convertible Note. The Slinger Bag Convertible Note shall mature on August 6, 2022. 

40 

DOMINARI HOLDINGS INC. 
(Formerly AIkido Pharma, Inc.) 
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

on the Slinger Bag Convertible Note as of December 31, 2021. 

on the Slinger Bag Convertible Note as of June 17, 2022. On June 17, 2022, the Company received shares
of common stock of Connexa Sports Technologies Inc. as a result of conversion of principal and accrued interest on the Slinger Bag Convertible
Note. All the shares of common stock of Connexa Sports received were transferred to marketable securities account. 

senior secured convertible promissory note Nano Convertible
Note in the principal amount of and warrants permitting the Company to purchase an amount of Nano s common voting
shares equal to of the number of common shares issuable upon the conversion of Nano Convertible Note. The Company paid a purchase
price of for the Nano Convertible Note and the common stock purchase warrants. The Company will receive interest on the Nano
Convertible Note at the rate of per annum payable upon conversion or maturity of the Nano Convertible Note. The Nano Convertible
Note shall mature on December 26, 2022. 

, which represents
an impairment loss on the total investment held. The investment in Nano was valued at as of December 31, 2022. The Company recorded
an interest income receivable of approximately and on the Nano Convertible Note as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

promissory note Kaya Now Promissory Note issued by Kaya Now Inc. Kaya in the principal amount of 
million pursuant to a Note Purchase Agreement with Kaya Now. The Company paid a purchase price for the Kaya Now Promissory Note of 
million. The Company will receive interest on the Kaya Now Promissory Note at the rate of per annum payable upon conversion or maturity
of the Kaya Now Promissory Note. The Kaya Now Promissory Note shall mature on . 

. In consideration of the Kaya Amendment, Kaya has agreed to issue to the Company additional shares at per share
of Kaya s common stock. Under the Kaya Amendment, interest on the Note during the extended term shall be paid on October 1, 2022
and January 1, 2023 at the rate of per annum. 

million in the fourth quarter of 2022. The impairment
charge represents an impairment loss of the total investment held as a promissory note resulting in a balance for the Kaya Now Promissory
Note as of December 31, 2022. 

for the year ending December 31, 2022. 

promissory note Robotics Promissory Note issued by American Innovative Robotics, LLC Robotics in the
principal amount of million pursuant to a Note Purchase Agreement with Robotics. The Company paid a purchase price for the Robotics
Promissory Note of million. The Company will receive interest on the Robotics Promissory Note at the rate of per annum payable
every three months starting from July 1, 2022. The Robotics Promissory Note shall mature on . 

on the Robotics Promissory Note as of December 31, 2022. 

41 

DOMINARI HOLDINGS INC. 
(Formerly AIkido Pharma, Inc.) 
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

- 

- 

Total marketable securities 

- 

- 

Short-term investment 

- 

- 

Short-term notes receivable
 at fair value 

- 

- 

Long-term notes receivable
 at fair value 

- 

- 

-
 
 -

Total marketable securities 

-
 
 -

Short-term investment 

-

Notes receivable at fair value 
 
 -
 
 -

Convertible note receivable at fair value 
 
 -
 
 -

42 

DOMINARI HOLDINGS INC. 
(Formerly AIkido Pharma, Inc.) 
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

-

Change in fair value of investment 

Ending balance 

-

Accrued interest receivable 

Reclassify from convertible note receivable to notes receivable at fair value 
 
 -

Purchase of notes receivable 

Change in fair value of short-term investment 
 
 -

Conversion of note receivable to marketable securities 
 
 -

Ending balance 

-

Purchase of notes receivable 
 -

Reclassification to notes receivable at fair value 
 
 -

Accrued interest receivable 
 -

Ending balance 
 -

Ending balance 

million, taking into consideration cost of the investment, market participant inputs,
market conditions, liquidity, operating results and other qualitative and quantitative factors. No change in fair value was recorded
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

43 

DOMINARI HOLDINGS INC. 
(Formerly AIkido Pharma, Inc.) 
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million, taking into consideration cost of the investment, market
participant inputs, market conditions, liquidity, operating results and other qualitative and quantitative factors. No change in fair
value was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

on the Slinger Bag Convertible Note as of June 17, 2022. On June 17, 2022, the Company received shares
of common stock of Connexa Sports Technologies Inc (also known as Slinger Bag) as a result of conversion of principal and accrued interest
on the Slinger Bag Convertible Note. All the shares of common stock of Connexa Sports received were transferred to marketable
securities account. 

. 

fair value for the Nano Convertible Note as of December 31, 2022. 

additional shares at 20 cents per share
of Kaya s common stock. Under the amendment, interest on the Note during the extended term shall be paid on October 1, 2022 and
January 1, 2023 at the rate of per annum. 

million, which represents
an unrealized loss on the total investment held. The investment in Kaya was valued at as of December 31, 2022. 

million, taking into consideration cost of the investment, market participant inputs, market
conditions, liquidity, operating results and other qualitative and quantitative factors. No change in fair value for principal was recorded
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

. Effective for the sixth and seventh years
of the Company s Lease, the rent shall increase to . The Company took possession of the 22 nd Floor Premises on
the Commencement Date. 

. Effective for the sixth and seventh years of Dominari s Lease, the rent shall increase to per month. The Company
has taken possession of the Premises in February 2023. 

44 

DOMINARI
 HOLDINGS INC. 
 (Formerly AIkido Pharma, Inc.) 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Liabilities: 

Current 

Operating 

Long-term 

Operating 

Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 

million as lease expense to current period operations. 

Variable lease cost 
 -

Operating lease expense 

Short-term lease rent expense 

Net rent expense 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 

and thereafter are as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 2024 

Year Ended December 31, 2025 

Year Ended December 31, 2026 

Year Ended December 31, 2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Less present value discount 

Operating lease liabilities 

45 

DOMINARI HOLDINGS INC. 
(Formerly AIkido Pharma, Inc.) 
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Warrants to purchase common stock 

Options to purchase common stock 

Total 

shares of the Company s Series O Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Series O
Preferred Stock ), and (ii) shares of the Company s Series P Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 
per share (the Series P Preferred Stock and together with the Series O Preferred Stock, the Preferred Stock ),
in each case, at an offering price of per share, representing a original issue discount to the stated value of per
share of Preferred Stock, for gross proceeds of each Offering of , or approximately million in the aggregate for the
Offerings, before the deduction of the placement agent s fee and offering expenses. The shares of Series O Preferred Stock will
have a stated value of per share and will be convertible, at a conversion price of per share, into shares of
common stock (subject in certain circumstances to adjustments). The shares of Series P Preferred Stock will have a stated value of 
per share and will be convertible, at a conversion price of per share, into shares of common stock (subject in certain
circumstances to adjustments). The Series O Preferred Stock and the Series P Preferred Stock are being offered by the Company pursuant
to a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-238172) (the Registration Statement filed under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements
by the Company and customary conditions to closing. The closing of the Offerings occurred on March 2, 2022. In connection with this transaction,
the Company received net proceeds of million, which was deposited in an escrow account. 

of the aggregate
gross proceeds raised in the offerings and issue HCW common stock purchase warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock
in the aggregate at an exercise price of . The warrants were recorded as a component of stockholders equity in accordance
with ASC 815. 

of the Stated Value. 

The total redemption amount was million. As a result, all shares of the Series O
Preferred Stock and Series P Preferred Stock have been retired and are no longer outstanding. 

46 

DOMINARI HOLDINGS INC. 
(Formerly AIkido Pharma, Inc.) 
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million in deemed dividends related to the Preferred Stock in the consolidated statements of operations
and the consolidated statements of changes in redeemable preferred stock and stockholders equity. 

shares
(the Shares of common stock, par value per share, of the Company (the Common Stock ). The Company
received gross proceeds of approximately million before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses
payable by the Company. On February 23, 2021, the Underwriter partially exercised its over-allotment option and purchased an additional
 Shares, resulting in aggregate proceeds of approximately million, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions
and other expenses. The total net proceeds received from these two offerings were approximately million. 

shares of Common Stock, or
 of the Shares sold in the Offering. The Underwriter s Warrants will be exercisable for a period of from February
19, 2021 at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment. 

million dollars. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 
shares at a cost of approximately million or per share through marketable securities account under the Share Buyback Program.
The Company records treasury stock using the cost method. 

shares of its Series D Convertible Preferred Stock Series D
Preferred Stock to the stockholders of North South. Each share of Series D Preferred Stock has a stated value of per
share and is convertible into 10 over of a share of Common Stock. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company s
business, each holder of Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, for each share of Series D Preferred Stock held, a preferential
amount in cash equal to the greater of (i) the stated value or (ii) the amount the holder would receive as a holder of Common Stock on
an as converted basis. Each holder of Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote on all matters submitted to its
stockholders and shall be entitled to such number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock such shares of Series D Preferred
Stock are convertible into at such time, taking into account the beneficial ownership limitations set forth in the governing Certificate
of Designation and the conversion limitations described below. The conversion ratio of the Series D Preferred Stock is subject to adjustment
in the event of stock splits, stock dividends, combination of shares and similar recapitalization transactions. 

shares of common stock upon the conversion of shares of Series D Convertible Preferred stock. 

Series D Preferred Stock was designated; and shares remained issued and outstanding, respectively. 

47 

DOMINARI HOLDINGS INC. 
(Formerly AIkido Pharma, Inc.) 
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

per share and is convertible into 10 over of a share of Common Stock. Upon the liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of the Company s business, each holder of Series D-1 Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, for each share
of Series D-1 Preferred Stock held, a preferential amount in cash equal to the greater of (i) the stated value or (ii) the amount the
holder would receive as a holder of Common Stock on an as converted basis. Each holder of Series D-1 Preferred Stock shall
be entitled to vote on all matters submitted to the Company s stockholders and shall be entitled to such number of votes equal
to the number of shares of Common Stock such shares of Series D-1 Preferred Stock are convertible into at such time, taking into account
the beneficial ownership limitations set forth in the governing Certificate of Designation. The conversion ratio of the Series D-1 Preferred
Stock is subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits, stock dividends, combination of shares and similar recapitalization transactions.
The Company commenced an exchange with holders of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to which the holders of the Company s
outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock acquired in the Merger could exchange such shares for shares of the Company s Series
D-1 Preferred Stock on a one-for-one basis. 

Series
D-1 Preferred Stock was designated; shares remained issued and outstanding. 

Issued 

-

Exercised 

-
 
 -

Expired 

-
 
 -

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

-

Issued 

-

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

-

of the voting power of the Company s outstanding equity
securities, including with respect to the election of directors (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or
other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase
agreement or other business combination) . 

shares of the Company s restricted stock as consideration for the license
of the Silo Pharma patents. This restricted stock award vested immediately. 

shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the Company s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan. These
shares have a total fair value of approximately million. These restricted stock awards vested immediately. 

48 

DOMINARI HOLDINGS INC. 
(Formerly AIkido Pharma, Inc.) 
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of the Company s common stock to members of the Company s Board of Directors
and an employee for services rendered. 

Vested 

Nonvested at December 31, 2022 

of
unrecognized stock-based compensation expense was related to restricted stock awards. The weighted average remaining contractual terms
of unvested restricted stock awards was approximately year as of December 31, 2022. 

Employee options granted 

- 

Employee options expired 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

-

Employee options granted 

-

Employee options forfeited 

-
 
 -

Employee options expired 

-
 
 -

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

- 

Options vested and exercisable 

- 

Term (years) 

Expected stock price volatility 

Risk-free rate of interest 

and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. All
stock compensation was recorded as a component of general and administrative expenses. 

. 

to shares. 

shares
available for grant under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan. 

49 

DOMINARI HOLDINGS INC. 
(Formerly AIkido Pharma, Inc.) 
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Increase in valuation allowance 

State and local 

Current 

Deferred 

Increase in valuation allowance 

Income Tax Provision (Benefit) 
 -
 
 -

State Taxes, Net of Federal Tax Benefit 

Other Permanent Differences 

State rate change in effect 

AMT credit benefit 
 -
 
 -

Decrease due to true up of State NOL 

Decrease due to change in Federal NOL and other true ups 

Change in Valuation Allowance 

Income Tax Benefit 

Stock based compensation 

Patent portfolio and other 

Total Deferred Tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred Tax Asset, Net of Allowance 

Deferred tax liability: 

Fair value adjustment of investment 

Net lease liability 
 
 -

50 

DOMINARI HOLDINGS INC. 
(Formerly AIkido Pharma, Inc.) 
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million. 

million federal net operating loss carryovers NOLs ), which expire from 2033 through 2037 , and million of federal
NOLs with indefinite utilization. million of state and city NOLs, which expire from 2024 through 2041 . 

ownership change as determined under the regulations. No
study has been performed since the last known ownership change of September 10, 2013. 

percent likelihood of being realized upon
ultimate settlement with the relevant tax authority. Differences between tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return
and the net benefit recognized and measured pursuant to the interpretation are referred to as unrecognized benefits. A
liability is recognized (or amount of NOL or amount of tax refundable is reduced) for an unrecognized tax benefit because it represents
an enterprise s potential future obligation to the taxing authority for a tax position that was not recognized as a result of applying
the provisions of ASC 740. 

million and million during the years ending December 31,
2022, and 2021, respectively. These fees were included in general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 

per year, as of January 1, 2023. 

shares of the Company s common
stock, which was fully vested on January 1, 2023. The Amended Employment Agreement also provides for a grant of restricted stock to Mr.
Devall with a value of , on the later of July 1, 2022, or such date as there are a sufficient number of shares of common stock
reserved under any of the Company s equity incentive plans for the awarding of such shares of restricted stock. This restricted
stock award has not yet been granted. Upon grant, the award will vest in equal amounts over a period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar
quarters, subject to certain rights of acceleration upon a change of control and as otherwise provided in the Amended Employment Agreement.
Mr. Devall is also entitled to an annual bonus, as determined by the Company s Compensation Committee, based on certain performance
criteria, provided that such annual bonus will not be less than . Annual bonuses and all stock-based compensation are subject
to certain clawback rights as provided in the Amended Employment Agreement. 

to repurchase shares of its common stock at an average price per share of
 per share. 

51 

Closing of FPS Acquisition 

On September
9, 2022, Dominari Securities LLC Dominari Securities ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Dominari Holdings Inc., entered into
a membership interest purchase agreement, as amended and restated on March 27, 2023, (the
 FPS Purchase Agreement with Fieldpoint Private Bank Trust (the Seller ), a Connecticut bank, for the
purchase of its wholly owned subsidiary, Fieldpoint Private Securities, LLC, a Connecticut limited liability company FPS and broker-dealer registered with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ). Pursuant to the terms
of the FPS Purchase Agreement, we purchased from the Seller 100 of the membership interests in FPS (the Membership Interests and, as a result thereof, will operate the newly acquired dual registered broker-dealer and investment adviser as a wholly owned subsidiary. 
The FPS Purchase Agreement provided for Dominari s acquisition of FPS s Membership Interests in two closings, the first
of which occurred on October 4, 2022 (the Initial Closing ), at which Dominari paid to the Seller 2,000,000 in consideration
for a transfer by the Seller to Dominari of 20 of the Membership Interests. Following FINRA s approval of the Continuing
Membership Application pursuant to FINRA Rule 1017 on March 20, 2023, the second closing occurred on March 27, 2023, at which time Dominari
Holdings paid to the Seller an additional 1.00 in consideration for a transfer by the Seller to Dominari Securities of the remaining
80 of the Membership Interests. In connection with the Second Closing, Dominari Securities received approximately 2,000,000 of marketable
securities from FPS. 

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND
DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

Dismissal of independent registered accounting
firm 

On July 5,
2022, the Company dismissed WithumSmith+Brown, PC Withum as the Company s independent registered public accounting
firm, effective immediately. The decision to dismiss Withum was approved by the Company s Audit Committee. 

The reports
of Withum on the Company s consolidated financial statement as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 contained no adverse
opinion or disclaimer of opinion nor were any such reports qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principle. 

During the
fiscal year ending December 31, 2021 and through the date of this Annual Report, there have been no (i) disagreements with Withum on
any matter or accounting principles or practices, consolidated financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which
connects with its reports; or (ii) reportable events as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. Withum did not
act as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm during the fiscal year ending December 31, 2020. 

New independent registered public accounting
firm 

On July 5,
2022, the Company engaged Marcum LLP Marcum ), as the Company s new independent registered public accounting firm.
The decision to engage Marcum was approved by the Company s Audit Committee. 

During the fiscal year
ending December 31, 2021, and through July 5, 2022, the Company has not consulted Marcum regarding (i) application of accounting principles
to any specified transaction, either completed or proposed, (ii) the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company s
consolidated financial statements, or (iii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv))
or a reportable event (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v)). During the fiscal year ending December 31, 2020, Marcum acted as the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm. 

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, 
as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within
the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that disclosure controls and procedures,
no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure
controls and procedures are met. Additionally, in designing disclosure controls and procedures, our management necessarily was required
to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. 

The design of any disclosure controls and procedures
also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will
succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. With respect to the annual period ended December 31, 2022,
under the supervision and with the participation of our management, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and
operations of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon this evaluation, our management has concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Remediation of Prior Material Weaknesses 

We previously identified
and disclosed in our Form 10-K filed for the year ended December 31, 2021, as well as, in our subsequent quarterly reports, a deficiency
in internal control over financial reporting that existed relating to a lack of segregation of duties within the accounting function as
a result of our limited financial resources to support hiring of personnel and an internal control deficiency in our ability to implement
adequate system and manual controls. To respond to the material weaknesses, we have devoted significant effort and resources to the remediation
and improvement of our internal control over financial reporting that led to the material weakness, including obtaining advisory services
from professional consultants with U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting experience to supplement the accounting and finance function, hiring additional
resources to improve management oversight of internal controls, and designing and maintaining formal accounting policies, procedures,
and controls over significant accounts and disclosures to achieve complete, accurate and timely financial accounting, reporting and disclosure.
These new measures have resulted in an improved internal control environment that has been in place to have operated effectively for a
sufficient period of time for management to conclude that the material weaknesses previously identified have been remediated as of December
31, 2022. 

52 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022 and concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective. In making this assessment, our management
used the 2013 framework established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework promulgated by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission, commonly referred to as the COSO criteria. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore,
even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and presentation
of the consolidated financial statements. 

This Annual Report does not contain an attestation
report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting since the rules for smaller
reporting companies provide for this exemption. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the year ended December
31, 2022 which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

None. 

53 

PART III 

Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth the name, age and position of each
current director and executive officer of the Company. 

Director 
 
 Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Since 
 
 Robert J. Vander Zanden (1)(2)(5) 
 
 77 
 
 Director and Chairman of the Board 
 
 2004 
 
 Anthony Hayes(6) 
 
 54 
 
 Chief Executive Officer,
 Principal Accounting Officer, 
 Principal Financial Officer and Director 
 
 2013 
 
 Tim S. Ledwick (1)(5) 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 2015 
 
 Gregory James Blattner(1)(3)(4)(7) 
 
 44 
 
 Director 
 
 2018 
 
 Paul LeMire(2)(3)(4)(7) 
 
 67 
 
 Director 
 
 2020 
 
 Robert Dudley(2)(3)(6) 
 
 67 
 
 Director 
 
 2020 
 
 Kyle
 Wool(2)(4)(7) 
 
 44 
 
 Director 
 
 2021 
 
 Soo
 Yu(6) 
 
 52 
 
 Director 
 
 2022 
 
 Carlos
 Aldavero 
 
 52 
 
 President,
 Dominari Financial Inc. 
 
 - 
 
 Christopher
 Devall 
 
 40 
 
 Vice
 President of Operations 
 
 - 

(1) Member
 of our Audit Committee. 

(2) Member
 of our Compensation Committee. 

(3) Member
 of our Nominating Committee. 

(4) Member
 of our Investment Committee. 

(5) Class I Director whose directorship will be voted
 on by shareholders at the 2024 Annual Shareholder Meeting. 

(6) Class
 II Director whose directorship will be voted on by shareholders at the 2025 Annual Shareholder
 Meeting. 

(7) Class
 III Director whose directorship will be voted on by shareholders at the 2023 Annual Shareholder
 Meeting. 

The biographies of our current directors and significant employees
are as follows: 

Dr. Robert J. Vander Zanden 

Dr. Robert J. Vander Zanden, a member of the
Board of Directors since 2004, having served as a Vice President of R D at Kraft Foods International, brings a long and distinguished
career in applied technology, product commercialization, and business knowledge of the food science industry to us. Additionally, Mr.
Vander Zanden has specific experience in developing organizations designed to deliver against corporate objectives. Dr. Vander Zanden
holds a Ph.D. in Food Science and an M.S. in Inorganic Chemistry from Kansas State University, and a B.S. in Chemistry from the University
of Wisconsin - Platteville, where he was named a Distinguished Alumnus in 2002. In his 30-year career, he has been with ITT Continental
Baking Company as a Product Development Scientist; with Ralston Purina s Protein Technology Division as Manager Dietary Foods R 
with Keebler as Group Director, Product and Process Development (with responsibility for all corporate R D and quality); with Group
Gamesa, a Frito-Lay Company, as Vice President, Technology; and with Nabisco as Vice President of R D for their International Division.
With the acquisition of Nabisco by Kraft Foods, he became the Vice President of R D for Kraft s Latin American Division. Dr.
Vander Zanden retired from Kraft Foods in 2004. He currently holds the title of Adjunct Professor and Lecturer in the Department of Food,
Nutrition and Packaging Sciences at Clemson University, where he also is a member of their Industry Advisory Board. His focus on achieving
product and process innovation through training, team building and creating positive working environments has resulted in his being recognized
with many awards for product and packaging innovation. Mr. Vander Zanden executive experience provides him with valuable business expertise,
which the Board believes qualifies him to serve as a director of the Company. 

Anthony Hayes 

Mr. Anthony Hayes, a director and Chief Executive
Officer since 2013, has served as the Chief Executive Officer of North South since March 2013 and since June 2013, as a consultant to
our Company. Mr. Hayes was the fund manager of JaNSOME IP Management LLC and JaNSOME Patent Fund LP from August 2012 to August 2013,
both of which he co-founded. Mr. Hayes was the founder and Managing Member of Atwater Partners of Texas LLC from March 2010 to August
2012 and a partner at Nelson Mullins Riley Scarborough LLP from May 1999 to March 2010. Mr. Hayes received his Juris Doctorate
from Tulane University School of Law and his B.A. in economics from Mary Washington College. The Board believes Mr. Hayes is qualified
to serve as a director of the Company based on his intimate knowledge of the Company through his service as Chief Executive Officer.
On March 10, 2017, as a result of Mr. Frank Reiner s resignation as Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Hayes began serving as the Company s
Principal Accounting Officer. 

54 

Tim S. Ledwick 

Mr. Tim S. Ledwick, who joined as a director
in 2015, was most recently the Chief Financial Officer of SYFT, a private equity-backed company that provides software solutions and
services to hospitals focused on reducing costs through superior inventory management practices which was successfully sold to GHX in
2022. In addition, since 2012 he has served on the board and Chair of the Audit Committee of Telkonet, Inc. (TKOI) a smart energy management
technology company. From 2007 to 2011, Mr. Ledwick provided CFO consulting services to a 150 million services firm and, in addition,
from 2007-2008 also acted as special advisor to The Dellacorte Group, a middle market financial advisory firm focused on transactions
between 100 million and 1 billion. From 2002 through 2006, Tim was a member of the Board of Directors and Executive Vice President-CFO
of Dictaphone Corporation playing a lead role in developing a business plan which revitalized the company, resulting in the successful
sale of the firm and delivering seven times return to shareholders. From 2001-2002, Ledwick was brought on as CFO to lead the restructuring
efforts of Lernout Hauspie Speech Products, a Belgium-based NASDAQ listed speech technology company, whose market cap had at one
point reached a high of 9 billion. From 1999 through 2001, he was CFO of Cross Media Marketing Corp, an 80 million public company headquartered
in New York City, playing a lead role in the firm s acquisition activity, tax analysis and capital raising. Mr. Ledwick is a member
of the Connecticut Society of Certified Public Accountants and received his BBA in Accounting from The George Washington University and
his MS in Finance from Fairfield University. 

Paul LeMire 

Mr. LeMire, who joined as a member of our Board
of Directors in 2020, is a high-performing investment sales manager and product specialist with 25 years of verifiable success in positioning
investment management solutions across multiple channels. Mr. LeMire currently serves as the Managing Director of National Sales at Day
Hagan Asset Management where he is responsible for managing the firm s asset management business. Before joining Day Hagan Asset
Management, Mr. LeMire was a Senior Regional Vice President for State Street Global Advisors and served in various other Vice President
positions at Invesco, Old Mutual Investment Partners, Oppenheimer Funds and CitiGroup. Mr. LeMire holds a Master of Science degree in
Mechanical Engineering from Polytechnic University, a Master of Business Administration from Adelphia University and a Bachelor of Science
degree from Manhattan College. The Board of Directors believes that Mr. LeMire s executive experience and financial expertise qualifies
him to serve as a director of the Company. 

Robert Dudley 

Mr. Dudley, who joined as a member of our Board
of Directors in 2020, currently serves as the Eastern Division and Metropolitan New York City Regional Sales Manager for Select Sector
Standard Poor s Depositary Receipts SPDRs ). Prior to joining Select Sector SPDRs in 2008, Mr. Dudley held
several managerial positions at Merrill Lynch within from 1981 through 2007. Mr. Dudley began his career in the Merrill Lynch White Weld
Capital Markets in Corporate Bond Syndicate, later moving to Sales Manager for Taxable Fixed Income and Equity Marketing. Later, Mr.
Dudley managed Merrill Lynch Consults for the New York City District and ended his career as a Financial Advisor and Sales Manager at
the Merrill Lynch Rockefeller Center Branch office. The Board of Directors believes that Mr. Dudley s executive experience and
financial expertise qualifies him to serve as a director of the Company. 

Kyle Wool 

Mr. Wool, who joined as a member of our Board
of Directors in 2021, has been the president of Revere Wealth Management, where he provides integrated strategies designed to help build,
manage and preserve wealth for wealthy families, endowments and foundations, since January 2021. Prior to his employment at Revere Wealth
Management, Mr. Wool was an Executive Director at Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS) from May 2013 to January 2021, where he where he where he
provided strategic wealth management and investing guidance to his clients. Prior to his employment at Morgan Stanley and The Wool Group,
Mr. Wool was employed at Oppenheimer and Co., Inc. in a number of roles, where he strategic wealth management and investing guidance
to his clients, from 2005 to 2013. Specifically, from 2010 until 2013, Mr. Wool served as a Managing Director of the Professional Investors
Group for Oppenheimer Asia Ltd. Mr. Wool currently serves as a board member of LifeLine NY, a charity foundation focused on attain medical
equipment for the underprivileged children of Serbia and a board member of CIRSD (Center for International Relations and Sustainable
Development), whose mission is to empower youth in communities with the greatest need to reach their full potential and pursue higher
education. Mr. Wool is also a Partner at Merakia, a Greek steakhouse in the Flatiron district of NYC and a Partner at Isouvlaki, which
is a Quick Service Restaurant in the Tristan area. In 2009, Mr. Wool was involved in an arbitration proceeding with FINRA, which was
settled in 2011. We believe Mr. Wool is well qualified to serve as a director due to his extensive experience in banking and wealth management. 

55 

Soo Yu 

Ms. Yu, who joined as a member of our Board of
Directors in 2022, has been the Managing Director of International Private Client Services for Revere Securities since January 2018. With
more than a decade of experience working in financial services, she focuses on international business development and the cultivation
of overseas client banking relationships. A naturalized U.S. citizen originally from South Korea, Soo brings significant expertise in
Asian markets and expansive global reach through her connectivity with international contacts. Soo earned her B.A. in Fine Arts from
the Fashion Institute of Technology and studied at the University of Nottingham and the Paris Fashion Institute. She holds Series 7 and
Series 66 designations and her real estate license. Previously, she maintained her Series 79 and 24. Soo actively supports several nonprofit
organizations, including philanthropies committed to improving the lives of children and the elderly as well as sustainability. She is
currently a board member of The Korean Community Services of Metropolitan New York, Inc. The Board of Directors believes that Ms. Yu s
wealth management experience qualifies her to serve as a director of the Company. 

Gregory James Blattner 

Mr. Blattner, who joined as a member of our Board
of Directors in 2018, has nearly ten years of experience in the technology industry specializing in financial services. Since
January 2022, he has served as the Vice President of CDI s Modern IT Operations Business. CDI is technology services business that
helps it clients architect, deploy and manage all of their multiplatform hybrid IT solutions. Prior to CDI Mr.
Blattner spent 7 years at Agio a progressive managed information technology and cybersecurity services provider, where he was responsible
for sales and account management of enterprise accounts. Prior to Agio, from May 2013 to December 2013, Mr. Blattner was a business
development manager for the Eikon platform at Thomson Reuters. From 2010 to 2013, Mr. Blattner was a sales manager at American Express
for its foreign exchange business. From 2005 to 2009, Mr. Blattner held various positions at JPMorgan, first in the operational risk
management arm of the investment bank and later in Foreign Exchange product sales for its treasury services business. From 2000 to 2004,
Mr. Blattner was an Associate at Morgan Stanley s corporate treasury funding desk. He earned a bachelor s degree from
Iona College. The Company believes Mr. Blattner s extensive experience in technology and operations solutions make him a qualified
appointee as director. 

Carlos Aldavero 

Mr. Aldavero has served as the President of Dominari
Financial Inc. since July 22 , 2022. Mr. Aldavero has over 25 years of experience in the financial sector, launching, growing
and managing domestic and international business units for global banks through client acquisition, client retention and advisor growth
within the wealth management, institutional and ultra-high net worth space. From April 2014 to July 2022 he was the Associate
Complex Manager at Morgan Stanley s New York office. At Morgan Stanley, Mr. Aldavero co-managed its largest flagship Wealth
Management Complex in the country, supervising and managing 245 Financial Advisors, with 70 billion in AUM and 500 million in revenues,
including 25 Private Wealth Management Advisors (UHNW), 125 domestic advisors and 120 international advisors, covering individuals, single
family offices, multi family offices, registered investment advisors and financial intermediaries. Prior to Morgan Stanley, Mr. Aldavero
held leadership roles at Merrill Lynch, Deutsche Bank, and Bear Stearns, among other international financial institutions. He received
his Bachelor s degree of Science in Business Administration, Major in Finance, at Northeastern University School of Business in
1995. Mr. Aldavero has his series 7, 9/10, 63, 66 securities licenses. The Bord of Directors believes Mr. Aldavero s extensive
wealth management experience qualifies him to serve as the President of Dominari Financial Inc. 

Christopher Devall 

Mr. Devall has served as the Vice President of
Operations of the Company since July 1, 2022, and was a member of its advisory board from April 2022 to June 2022. Mr. Devall served
as senior operations department head in the Department of Defense from February 2019 to June 2022, and as a senior operations department
manager from April 2016 to January 2019. He is a retired military veteran. Mr. Devall received his Masters of Business Administration
from the University of Virginia Darden School of Business and holds a B.S. in Strategic Studies and Defense Analysis from Norwich University.
Mr. Devall has no family relationship with any of the executive officers or directors of the Company. There are no arrangements or understandings
between Mr. Devall and any other person pursuant to which he was appointed as an officer of the Company. The Board of Directors believes
that Mr. Devall s prior operations background qualifies him to serve as the Vice President of Operations of the Company. 

Family Relationships 

There are no arrangements between our directors
and any other person pursuant to which our directors were nominated or elected for their positions. Mr. Wool and Ms. Yu have been married
since December 2010. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, requires our
directors and executive officers, and anyone who beneficially owns ten percent (10 or more of our Common Stock, to file with the SEC
initial reports of beneficial ownership and reports of changes in beneficial ownership of Common Stock. Anyone required to file such
reports also need to provide us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

56 

Based solely upon a review of (i) copies of the
Section 16(a) filings received during or with respect to 2022 and (ii) certain written representations of our officers and directors,
we believe that all filings required to be made pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during and with respect to 2022 were filed
in a timely manner. 

Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee has been established in accordance
with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and is currently comprised of
Timothy Ledwick (Chairman), Paul LeMire, and Robert J. Vander Zanden, each of whom the Board of Directors has determined satisfies the
applicable SEC and Nasdaq independence requirements for audit committee members. The Board of Directors has also determined that Mr. Ledwick
is an audit committee financial expert, as defined by the applicable rules of the SEC and Nasdaq. 

The Audit Committee is responsible for, among
other things: 

reviewing
 the independence, qualifications, services, fees and performance of our independent registered
 public accounting firm; 

appointing,
 replacing and discharging our independent registered public accounting firm; 

pre-approving the
 professional services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm; 

reviewing
 the scope of the annual audit and reports and recommendations submitted by our independent
 registered public accounting firm; and 

reviewing
 our financial reporting and accounting policies, including any significant changes, with
 our management and our independent registered public accounting firm. 

Nominating Committee 

The Nominating Committee currently consists
of Gregory James Blattner (Chairman), Paul LeMire, and Robert Dudley, each of whom the Board of Directors has determined satisfies the
applicable SEC and Nasdaq independence requirements. 

The Nominating Committee
reviews, evaluates and proposes candidates for election to our Board of Directors, and considers any nominees properly recommended by
stockholders. The Nominating Committee promotes the proper constitution of our Board of Directors in order to meet its fiduciary obligations
to our stockholders, and oversees the establishment of, and compliance with, appropriate governance standards. 

Compensation Committee 

The Compensation Committee currently consists
of Kyle Wool (Chairman), Robert J. Vander Zanden, and Robert Dudley, each of whom the Board of Directors has determined satisfies the
applicable SEC and Nasdaq independence requirements. In addition, each member of the Compensation Committee has been determined to be
a non-employee director under Rule 16b-3 as promulgated under the Exchange Act. The Compensation Committee reviews
and recommends to the Board of Directors the compensation for our executive officers and our non-employee directors for their
services as members of the Board of Directors. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and
Insider Participation 

None of the members
of our Compensation Committee is or has been an officer or employee of our company. None of our executive officers currently serves,
or in the past year has served, as a member of the Compensation Committee of any entity that has one or more of its executive officers
serving on our Board of Directors or Compensation Committee. 

Compensation Recovery 

Under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), in the event of material noncompliance with the financial reporting requirements
that results in a financial restatement that would have reduced a previously paid incentive amount, we can recoup those improper payments
from our current and former executive officers. We plan to implement a clawback policy to address this, although we have not yet
implemented such policy . 

Code of Ethics and Code of Conduct 

We are in the process
of adopting a written code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal
executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions.
A copy of the code will be posted on our website, www.aikidopharma.com. The information on or accessed through our website is deemed
not to be incorporated in this Annual Report or to be part of this Annual Report. 

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

The following Summary of Compensation table sets
forth the compensation paid by our Company during the two years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, to all Executive Officers earning in
excess of 100,000 during any such year. 

57 

Summary of Compensation 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary
 
 ) 
 Bonus
 
 ) 
 Stock
 Awards 
 ) 
 Option
 Awards 
 ) 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation 
 )(1) 
 Change
 in Pension Value and Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 ) 
 All
 Other Compensation 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Anthony
 Hayes, 
 2022 
 500,000 
 500,000 
 484,888 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 208,462 
 1,693,350 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Director, 

Principal Accounting Officer and 

Principal
 Financial Officer 
 2021 
 460,000 
 500,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 960,000 

Darrell
 Dotson, 
 2022 
 317,308 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 317,308 
 
 VP of
 Drug Development General Counsel 
 2021 
 275,000 
 50,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 325,000 

Christopher
 Devall, 
 2022 
 125,000 
 100,000 
 47,601 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 272,601 
 
 VP of
 Operations 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Carlos
 Aldovero, 
 2022 
 198,750 
 213,000 
 146,250 
 
 - 
 - 
 71,589 
 629,589 
 
 President 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) Awards
 pursuant to the AIkido Pharma, Inc. 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan, 2014 Plan and 2020
 Plan. 

Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation
Table 

Employment Agreements 

Anthony Hayes 

On April 1, 2016, we entered into an employment
agreement with Mr. Anthony Hayes pursuant to which Mr. Hayes serves as the Chief Executive Officer for a period of one year, subject
to renewal. In consideration for his employment, we agreed to pay Mr. Hayes a base salary of 350,000 per annum. Mr. Hayes will be entitled
to receive an annual bonus in an amount equal to up to 100 of his base salary if we meet or exceed certain criteria adopted by our Compensation
Committee. We further agreed to grant executive restricted stock units, pursuant to the Corporation s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan,
with respect to 118,512 shares of the Company s common stock. One-half of the grant shall vest if as of December 31, 2016, the
Corporation has pro-forma cash of at least five million dollars 5,000,000) (cash plus any cash used for a Board-approved extraordinary
acquisition or transaction reconstituting the Company s core operations, less accrued bonuses) and one-half shall vest upon the
Company meeting certain agreed upon criteria. As of June 30, 2020, 59,256 restricted stock units were vested and 59,256 restricted stock
units were forfeited. 

Under the April 1, 2016 employment agreement
with Mr. Hayes, we have agreed to, in the event of termination by us without cause or pursuant to a change in control,
grant Mr. Hayes, in addition to reimbursement of any documented, unreimbursed expenses incurred prior to such date, (i) any unpaid compensation
and vacation pay accrued during the term of the Employment Agreement, and any other benefits accrued to him under any of our benefit
plans outstanding at such time, (ii) twelve (12) months base salary at the then current rate to be paid in a single lump sum within thirty
(30) days of Mr. Hayes termination, (iii) continuation for a period of twelve (12) months of any benefits as extended to our executive
officers from time to time, including but not limited to group health care coverage and (iv) payment on a pro rata basis of any annual
bonus or other payments earned in connection with any bonus plans to which Mr. Hayes was a participant as of the date of termination.
In addition, any options or restricted stock shall be immediately vested upon termination of Mr. Hayes s employment without cause 
or pursuant to a change in control. 

On October 19, 2017, the Company entered into
an amendment to the employment agreement of Mr. Hayes, pursuant to which, effective January 1, 2017, Mr. Hayes was entitled to receive
an annual cash bonus in an amount equal to up to 250,000 if the Company meets or exceeds certain criteria adopted by the Compensation
Committee of the Company s Board of Directors. In addition, Mr. Hayes was awarded a restricted stock unit grant for 30,000 shares
of the Company s common stock under the Company s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan. Such grant shall vest in installments, in tandem
with the satisfaction of the same criteria to which the cash bonus is subject. If all criteria are met, 100 of the grant of restricted
stock units shall vest upon the determination of the Compensation Committee, which in any event shall not be later than March 15, 2018. 

On June 28, 2021, the Company entered into an
amendment to the employment agreement of Mr. Hayes, pursuant to which, effective on July 1, 2021 the term of the employment agreement
shall be extended to June 28, 2024 and that Mr. Hayes executive compensation will be increased to 500,000 annually. Mr. Hayes
was entitled to receive an annual cash bonus in an amount equal to up to 250,000 if the Company meets or exceeds certain criteria adopted
by the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors. 

All other terms of Mr. Hayes employment
agreement, effective as of April 1, 2016, as amended on October 9, 2017 and June 28, 2021, remain in full force and effect. 

58 

Darrell Dotson 

On January 1, 2017, we entered into an employment
agreement with Mr. Darrell Dotson pursuant to which Mr. Dotson serves as the Vice President, for a period of three months, which shall
automatically be extended for three months unless either party provides notice of non-renewal. In consideration for his employment, we
agreed to pay Mr. Dotson a base salary of 125,000 per annum. Mr. Dotson will be entitled to receive an annual bonus in an amount equal
to up to 50 of his base salary if we meet or exceed certain criteria adopted by our Compensation Committee. We further agreed to grant
executive restricted stock units, pursuant to the Corporation s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, in addition to the cash bonus, upon
confirmation by the compensation committee. 

On March 24, 2020, we entered into an amendment
to the employment agreement of Mr. Dotson pursuant to which Mr. Dotson was entitled to receive a base salary of 250,000 per annum. On
July 1, 2021, we entered into a second amendment to the employment agreement of Mr. Dotson pursuant to which Mr. Dotson was entitled
to receive a base salary of 300,000 per annum. 

Under the January 1, 2017 employment agreement
with Mr. Dotson, we have agreed to, in the event of termination by us without cause or pursuant to a change in control,
grant Mr. Dotson, in addition to reimbursement of any documented, unreimbursed expenses incurred prior to such date, (i) a cash payment
of 250,000 and any unpaid compensation and vacation pay accrued during the term of his employment agreement, and any other benefits
accrued to him under any of our benefit plans outstanding at such time, (ii) continuation for a period of twelve (12) months of any benefits
as extended to our executive officers from time to time, including but not limited to group health care coverage and (iii) payment on
a pro rata basis of any annual bonus or other payments earned in connection with any bonus plans to which Mr. Dotson was a participant
as of the date of termination. In addition, any options or restricted stock shall be immediately vested upon termination of Mr. Dotson
employment without cause or pursuant to a change in control. 

We provided timely notice of non-renewal of Mr.
Dotson s contract ending December 31, 2022 and Mr. Dotson s employment terminated without cause on December
31, 2022. 

Christopher Devall 

On July 1, 2022, we entered into an employment
agreement with Mr. Christopher Devall pursuant to which Mr. Devall serves as the Vice President, for a period of five years, which shall
automatically be extended for an additional year unless either party provides notice of non-renewal. In consideration for his employment,
we agreed to pay Mr. Devall a base salary of 250,000 per annum (which was prorated to 125,000 during the first year). The employment
agreement provides for an annual salary of 300,000 in year two and 350,000 in year three through five. Mr. Devall was paid a 50,000
signing bonus in restricted stock that will fully vest on January 1, 2023. Mr. Devall s employment agreement also provides for
an annual bonus of a minimum of 50,000, to be paid in cash of restricted based on the determination of the Compensation Committee of
the Board of Directors. We further agreed to grant executive restricted stock units (RSUs), pursuant to the Corporation s 2014
Equity Incentive Plan, in addition to the cash bonus, upon confirmation by the Compensation Committee in the amount of 1,000,000. The
RSUs vest on a pro rata basis on each of the twelve calendar quarters starting after the grant date. Mr. Devall is also entitled to the
payment or reimbursement of up to 10,000 per month for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. 

The employment agreement also provides for customary
events of termination of employment and provides that in the event of termination as a result of Mr. Devall s death or disability,
Mr. Devall is entitled to severance consisting of (i) twelve (12) months of his then current base salary, payable in a lump sum, less
withholding of applicable taxes, within thirty (30) days of the date of termination; (ii) if he elects continuation coverage for group
health coverage pursuant to COBRA, then for a period of twelve (12) months following the termination of Mr. Devall s employment
the Company will pay such amount of the COBRA premiums so that Mr. Devall is only required to pay the portion of the premiums that active
employees are required to pay; and (iii) payment on a pro-rated basis of any annual bonus or other payments earned in connection with
any bonus plan to which Mr. Devall was a participant as of the date of death or disability. In the event of termination of Mr. Devall s
employment (i) as a result of the non-renewal of the employment agreement by the Company at the end of the then current term, (ii) by
Mr. Devall for good reason (as such term is defined in the employment agreement), (iii) by the Company, without cause,
or (iv) by Mr. Devall, in the event of a change in control, then Mr. Devall is entitled to the same severance as provided above. Additionally,
if termination is by Mr. Devall for good reason or by the Company, without cause, then all equity grants held by Mr. Devall will immediately
vest. 

59 

Carlos Aldavero 

On July 22, 2022, the Company entered into an
employment agreement with Mr. Carlos Aldavero to serve as the President of Dominari Financials Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company, for a period of three years, which shall automatically be extended for an additional year unless either party provides notice
of non-renewal. In consideration for his employment, we agreed to pay Mr. Aldavero a base salary of 450,000 per annum (which was prorated
to 198,750 during the first year). Following the initial three year term, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors has the
right no obligation make any adjustments to Mr. Aldavero s base salary as it deems fit. The employment agreement provides for a
cash signing bonus in the amount of 213,000 upon the effective date of the employment agreement. Mr. Aldavero s employment agreement
also provides for an annual bonus at the discretion of the Board of Directors, to be paid in cash of restricted based on the determination
of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. We further agreed to grant executive restricted stock units (RSUs), pursuant
to the Company s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2014 Plan), in addition to the cash bonus, upon confirmation by the Compensation
Committee, in the amount of 50,000 shares. This grant has not been made prior to December 31, 2022 because the 2014 Plan has no shares
available. The RSUs vest on a pro rata basis on each of the ten calendar months starting after the grant date. Mr. Aldavero is also entitled
to RSUs in an amount equal to 2.5 of the Company s fair market value as determined by the Board of Directors in good faith. The
RSUs vest on a pro rata basis on each of the twelve calendar quarters following the the grant date. This grant has not been made prior
to December 31, 2022 because the 2014 Plan has no shares available. 

The employment agreement also provides for customary
events of termination of employment and provides that in the event of termination as a result of Mr. Aldavero s death or disability,
Mr. Aldavero is entitled to severance consisting of (i) twelve (12) months of his then current base salary, payable in a lump sum, less
withholding of applicable taxes, within thirty (30) days of the date of termination; (ii) if he elects continuation coverage for group
health coverage pursuant to COBRA, then for a period of twelve (12) months following the termination of Mr. Aldavero s employment
the Company will pay such amount of the COBRA premiums so that Mr. Aldavero is only required to pay the portion of the premiums that
active employees are required to pay; and (iii) payment on a pro-rated basis of any annual bonus or other payments earned in connection
with any bonus plan to which Mr. Devall was a participant as of the date of death or disability. In the event of termination of Mr. Aldavero s
employment (i) as a result of the non-renewal of the employment agreement by the Company at the end of the then current term, (ii) by
Mr. Aldavero for Good Reason (as such term is defined in the Amended employment agreement), (iii) by the Company, without cause, or (iv)
by Mr. Aldavero, in the event of a change in control, then Mr. Aldavero is entitled to the same severance as provided above. Additionally,
if termination is by Mr. Aldavero for good reason or by the Company, without cause, then all equity grants held by Mr. Aldavero will
immediately vest. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31,
2022 

Option
 Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option
 Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 Anthony Hayes 
 2,941 
 - 
 10.88 
 12/23/2030 
 
 Darrell Dotson 
 72 
 - 
 1,839.49 
 8/1/2024 

60 

Director Compensation 

The following table summarizes the compensation
paid to non-employee directors during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Fees earned or paid in cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation
 ) 
 Change in Pension Value and Non-Qualified
 Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 ) 
 All Other Compensation 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Robert J. Vander Zanden (2) 
 75,000 
 49,360 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 124,360 
 
 Tim Ledwick (3) 
 82,500 
 49,360 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 131,860 
 
 Gregory Blattner (4) 
 65,000 
 49,360 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 114,360 
 
 Paul LeMire (5) 
 65,000 
 49,360 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 114,360 
 
 Robert Dudley (6) 
 70,000 
 49,360 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 119,360 
 
 Kyle Wool (7) 
 32,143 
 484,888 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 248,071 
 765,102 
 
 Yu Soo (8) 
 36,607 
 49,360 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 85,967 

(1) 
 All
 stock awards were granted in accordance with ASC Topic 718 Compensation Stock Compensation . 
 
 (2) 
 Mr.
 Vander Zanden was paid 75,000 in cash compensation for his service as a director in 2022. In addition, in August 2022, Mr. Vander
 Zanden was granted 8,000 shares of restricted stock awards for a fair value of 49,360. 
 
 (3) 
 Mr.
 Ledwick was paid 82,500 in cash compensation for his service as a director in 2022. In addition, in August 2022, Mr. Ledwick was
 granted 8,000 shares of restricted stock awards for a fair value of 49,360. 
 
 (4) 
 Mr.
 Blattner was paid 65,000 in cash compensation for his service as a director in 2022. In addition, in August 2022, Mr. Blattner was
 granted 8,000 shares of restricted stock awards for a fair value of 49,360. 
 
 (5) 
 Mr.
 LeMire was paid 65,000 in cash compensation for his service as a director in 2022. In addition, in August 2022, Mr. LeMire was granted
 8,000 shares of restricted stock awards for a fair value of 49,360. 
 
 (6) 
 Mr.
 Dudley was paid 70,000 in cash compensation for his service as a director in 2022. In addition, in August 2022, Mr. Dudley was granted
 8,000 shares of restricted stock awards for a fair value of 49,360. 
 
 (7) 
 Mr.
 Wool was paid 32,143 in cash compensation for his service as a director in 2022. In addition, in August 2022, Mr. Wool was granted
 78,588 shares of restricted stock awards for a fair value of 484,888. Mr. Wool was also granted 248,071 stock awards tax withholding
 bonus. 
 
 (8) 
 Mr.
 Soo was paid 36,607 in cash compensation for his service as a director in 2022. In addition, in August 2022, Mr. Soo was granted
 8,000 shares of restricted stock awards for a fair value of 49,360. 

Non-employee directors received the following
annual compensation for service as a member of the Board for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: 

Annual
 Retainer 

65,000 

To
 be paid in cash in four equal quarterly installments. 
 
 Additional
 Retainer 

5,000 

To
 be paid to the Chairman of the Board upon election annually. 

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP
OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED STOCKHOLDERS 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table provides information about
our Common Stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options, warrants and rights under all of our existing equity compensation plans
as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities 
 to be 
 issued upon exercise of 
 outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights (1) 
 Weighted average exercise 
 price of 
 outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities 
 remaining available for 
 future 
 issuance under 
 equity compensation plans 
 (excluding securities 
 reflected in column (1)) (2) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holder 
 31,193 
 302.97 
 26,726 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holder 
 - 
 - 
 - 

31,193 
 
 26,726 

(1) Consists
 of options to acquire 1,182 shares of our common stock under the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan
 and 25,537 under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan. 

(2) Consists
 of shares of Common Stock available for future issuance under our equity incentive plans. 

61 

Beneficial
 Ownership of our Capital Stock by Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The following tables set forth certain information
concerning the number of shares of our Common Stock, Series D Preferred Stock and Series D-1 Preferred Stock owned beneficially as of
March 20, 2023 by (i) our officers and directors as a group and (ii) each person (including any group) known to us to own more than 5 
of our Common Stock, Series D Preferred Stock and Series D-1 Preferred Stock. As of March 20, 2023 there were 4,840,597 shares of Common
Stock outstanding, 3,825 shares of Series D Preferred Stock outstanding and 834 shares of Series D-1 Preferred Stock outstanding. Unless
otherwise indicated, it is our understanding and belief that the stockholders listed possess sole voting and investment power with respect
to the shares shown. 

Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Series D Preferred Stock 
 Series D-1 Preferred Stock 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owner(1) 
 Shares 
 Percentage 
 Shares 
 Percentage 
 Shares 
 Percentage 
 
 Robert J. Vander Zanden 
 12,702 (2) 

Anthony Hayes 
 176,681 (3) 
 3.64 

Tim S. Ledwick 
 12,826 (4) 

Paul LeMire 
 12,411 (5) 

Robert Dudley 
 12,411 (6) 

Gregory James Blattner 
 12,411 (7) 

Kyle Wool 
 197,080 (8) 
 4.07 

Soo Yu 
 83,701 (9) 
 1.72 

Christopher Devall 
 13,835 (10) 

Carlos Aldavero 
 25,000 (11) 

All Directors and Officers 
 as a Group (10 persons) 
 436,522 
 9.43 

Stockholders 

Daniel W. Armstrong 611 Loch Chalet Ct Arlington,
 
 TX 76012-3470 
 10 (12) 
 
 1,350 
 28.57 

R. Douglas Armstrong 570 Ocean Dr. Apt 201 Juno Beach,
 
 FL 33408-1953 
 4 (13) 
 
 450 
 9.52 

Thomas Curtis 4280 10 Oaks Road Dayton, MD 21036-1124 
 7 (14) 
 
 900 
 19.05 

Francis Howard 376 Victoria Place London, SW1
 V1AA United Kingdom 
 7 (15) 
 
 900 
 19.05 

Charles Strogen 6 Winona Ln Sea Ranch Lakes, 
 FL 33308-2913 
 9 (16) 
 
 1,125 
 23.81 

Chai Lifeline Inc. 151 West 30th Street, Fl 3 
 New York, NY 10001-4027 
 7 (17) 

834 
 100 

Less
 than 1 of the outstanding shares of the Company Common Stock. 

(1) Under
 Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who,
 directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or
 otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct
 the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct
 the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more
 than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose
 of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the
 person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within
 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage
 ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount
 of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition
 rights. 

(2) Includes 9,761 shares of Common Stock and 2,941 options for purchase
of Common Stock, which are exercisable within 60 days of March 20, 2023. 

(3) Includes 173,740 shares of Common Stock and 2,941 options for purchase
of Common Stock, which are exercisable within 60 days of March 20, 2023. 

(4) 
 Includes 9,885 shares of Common Stock and 2,941 options for purchase
of Common Stock, which are exercisable within 60 days of March 20, 2023. 
 
 (5) 
 Includes 9,470 shares of Common Stock and 2,941 options for purchase
of Common Stock, which are exercisable within 60 days of March 20, 2023. 
 
 (6) 
 Includes 9,470 shares of Common Stock and 2,941 options for purchase
of Common Stock, which are exercisable within 60 days of March 20, 2023. 
 
 (7) 
 Includes 9,470 shares of Common Stock and 2,941 options for purchase
of Common Stock, which are exercisable within 60 days of March 20, 2023. 

(8) Includes
 197,080 shares of Common Stock. 

(9) Includes
 83,701 shares of Common Stock. 

(10) Includes
 13,835 shares of Common Stock. 

(11) Includes
 25,000 shares of Common Stock. 

62 

(12) 
 Represents 10 shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series D Preferred, which are convertible within 60 days of March 20, 2023. 
 
 (13) 
 Represents 4 shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series D Preferred, which are convertible within 60 days of March 20, 2023. 
 
 (14) 
 Represents 7 shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series D Preferred, which are convertible within 60 days of March 20, 2023. 
 
 (15) 
 Represents 7 shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series D Preferred, which are convertible within 60 days of March 20, 2023. 
 
 (16) 
 Represents 9 shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series D Preferred, which are convertible within 60 days of March 20, 2023. 
 
 (17) 
 Represents 7 shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series D-1 Preferred, which are convertible within 60 days of March 20, 2023. 

Effective March 23, 2020, and as amended and
restated on November 24, 2020, the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Co. (the Rights Agreement The Rights
Agreement provides each stockholder of record a dividend distribution of one right for each outstanding share of Common
Stock. Rights become exercisable at the earlier of ten days following: (1) a public announcement that an acquirer has purchased or has
the right to acquire 4.99 or more of our Common Stock, in connection with, (x) the Company consolidating, or merging into any other
person, (y) any person consolidates or merges with or into the Company or (z) the Company sells or otherwise transfers to any person
or persons, in one or more transactions, assets or earning power aggregating 50 or more of the assets or earning power of the Company,
or (2) the commencement of a tender offer which would result in an offer or beneficially owning 10 or more of our outstanding Common
Stock. All rights held by an acquirer or offer or expire on the announced acquisition date, and all rights expire at the close of business
on March 23, 2023, subject to further extension. Each right entitles a stockholder to acquire, at a price of 5.00 per one one-thousandth
of a share of our Series A Preferred Stock, subject to adjustments, which carries voting and dividend rights similar to one share of
our Common Stock. The purchase price of the preferred stock fractional amount is subject to adjustment for certain events as described
in the Rights Agreement. At the discretion of a majority of the Board of Directors and within a specified time period, we may redeem
all of the rights at a price of 0.0001 per right. The Board may also amend any provisions of the Rights Agreement prior to exercise. 

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The current Board of Directors consists of Mr.
Tim S. Ledwick, Mr. Anthony Hayes, Dr. Robert J. Vander Zanden, Mr. Robert Dudley, Mr. Paul LeMire, Mr. Kyle Wool, Mr. Gregory James
Blattner, and Ms. Soo Yu. The Board of Directors has determined that Dr. Vander Zanden, Mr. Ledwick, Mr. Wool, Mr. Blattner, and Ms.
Yu are independent directors within the meaning of the applicable Nasdaq rules. Our Audit, Compensation, and Nominating Committees consist
solely of independent directors. 

We have not adopted written policies and procedures
specifically for related person transactions. Our Board of Directors is responsible to approve all related party transactions, and approved
each of the transactions set forth above. 

The Company has engaged the services of Revere
Securities, LLC Revere to strategically manage and build the Corporation s investment processes since 2021. Kyle
Wool is the president of Revere. On March 14, 2022 the Board approved and consented to an affiliated transaction whereby Anthony Hayes
will acquire an 8 ownership interest in Revere on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in a Purchase Agreement. 

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING
FEES AND SERVICES 

Fees Paid to Auditor 

The following table sets forth the fees paid
by our Company to Marcum LLP for audit and other services provided for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Marcum LLP did not provide
any services in 2021. 

2022 
 
 Audit Fees 
 91,417 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 
 Total 
 91,417 

The following table sets forth the fees paid
by our Company to WithumSmith+Brown, PC for audit and other services provided for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 

2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 41,200 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 
 Total 
 41,200 

Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible
Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors 

Consistent with SEC policies and guidelines regarding
audit independence, the Audit Committee is responsible for the pre-approval of all audit and permissible non-audit services provided
by our principal accountants. Our Audit Committee has established a policy regarding approval of all audit and permissible non-audit
services provided by our principal accountants. No non-audit services were performed by our principal accountants during the fiscal years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Our Audit Committee pre-approves these services by category and service. Our Audit Committee
has pre-approved all of the services provided by our principal accountants. 

63 

PART IV 

Item 15. EXHIBITS, CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
SCHEDULES 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

The following consolidated financial statements are included in Item
8 herein: 

2. Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 

None 

64 

Exhibits 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Spherix Incorporated, dated April 24, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed
 April 25, 2014) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Spherix Incorporated, dated March 2, 2016 (incorporated
 by reference to Form 8-K filed March 18, 2016) 

3.3 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws of Spherix Incorporated (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed October 15, 2013) 

3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Spherix Incorporated, effective March 4, 2016 (incorporated
 by reference to Form 10-K filed March 29, 2016) 

3.5 
 
 Second
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of AIkido Pharma Inc. (incorporated by reference from the Company s Proxy Statement on Form DEF
 14A filed October 5, 2020) 

3.6 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of AIkido Pharma Inc. (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on November 9,
 2021) 

3.7 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Aikido Inc., effective on June 7, 2022 (incorporated by reference
 to Form 8-K filed on June 10, 2022) 

3.8 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Aikido Inc., effective on December 22, 2022 (incorporated by reference
 to Form 8-K filed on December 22, 2022) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen
 Certificate for common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of Spherix Incorporated (incorporated by reference to Form S-3/A filed
 April 17, 2014) 

4.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series J Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Form
 8-K/A filed on June 2, 2014) 

4.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series K Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Form
 8-K filed on December 3, 2015) 

4.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series O Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference
 to Form 8-K filed on March 2, 2022) 

4.5 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series P Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference
 to Form 8-K filed on March 2, 2022) 

4.6 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

65 

10.1 
 
 Agreement
 and Plan of Merger, dated April 2, 2013 (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed on April 4, 2013) 

10.2 
 
 First
 Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated August 30, 2013 (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed on September 4,
 2013) 

10.3 
 
 Spherix
 Incorporated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from the Company s Proxy Statement on Form DEF 14A filed
 December 20, 2013) 

10.4 
 
 Amendment
 to Spherix Incorporated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from the Company s Proxy Statement on Form DEF
 14A filed on March 28, 2014) 

10.5 
 
 Form
 of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed on September 10, 2013) 

10.6 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, by and between Spherix Incorporated and Anthony Hayes (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed on September 13,
 2013) 

10.7 
 
 Patent
 Purchase Agreement, by and between Spherix Incorporated and Rockstar Consortium US LP, including Amendment No. 1 thereto (incorporated
 by reference to the Form 8-K/A filed on November 19, 2013) 

10.8 
 
 Confidential
 Patent Purchase Agreement, dated December 31, 2013, by and between Spherix Incorporated and Rockstar Consortium US LP (incorporated
 by reference to the Form S-1/A filed January 21, 2014) 

10.9 
 
 Settlement
 and License Agreement, dated October 13, 2015, by and between Spherix Incorporated and Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. (incorporated
 by reference to Form 10-K filed March 29, 2016) 

10.10 
 
 Patent
 License Agreement, dated as of November 23, 2015, by and between Spherix Incorporated and RPX Corporation (incorporated by reference
 to Form 8-K filed November 30, 2015 

10.11 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, effective as of April 1, 2016, by and between Spherix Incorporated and Anthony Hayes (incorporated by reference to Form
 8-K filed May 26, 2016) 

10.12 
 
 Amendment
 to Employment Agreement, by and between Spherix Incorporated and Anthony Hayes (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed on
 October 25, 2017) 

10.13 
 
 Patent
 License Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2016, by and between Spherix Incorporated and RPX Corporation (incorporated by reference to
 Form 10-Q filed August 15, 2016) 

10.14 
 
 Technology
 Monetization Agreement, dated as of March 11, 2016, and amended as of April 22, 2016, April 27, 2016 and May 22, 2016, by and between
 Spherix Incorporated and Equitable IP Corporation (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed August 2, 2016) 

10.15 
 
 Assignment
 and Assumption of Rights Agreement, dated as of June 16, 2016, by and between Spherix Incorporated and Transfer Online, Inc. (incorporated
 by reference to Form 8-K filed June 21, 2016) 

10.16 
 
 Agreement
 and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 12, 2018, by and among Spherix Incorporated, Spherix Merger Subsidiary Inc., DatChat, Inc.
 and Darin Myman (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed March 14, 2018) 

10.17 
 
 Assignment of Agreement, dated as of November 13, 2019, by and among The University of Texas in Austin, on behalf of the Board of Regents of the University of Texas, CBM BioPharma, Inc. and Spherix Incorporated (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 3, 2020) 

10.18 
 
 Assignment of Agreement, dated as of November 13, 2019, by and among Wake Forest University Health Sciences, CBM BioPharma, Inc. and Spherix Incorporated (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 3, 2020) 

10.19 
 
 First
 Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 3, 2018, by and among Spherix Incorporated, Spherix Merger Subsidiary
 Inc., DatChat, Inc. and Darin Myman (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed May 7, 2018) 

66 

10.20 
 
 Agreement
 and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 10, 2018, by and among Spherix Incorporated, Spherix Delaware Merger Sub Inc., Scott Wilfong
 and CBM Biopharma, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed October 16, 2018) 

10.21 
 
 At
 The Market Offering Agreement, dated as of August 9, 2019, by and between Spherix Incorporated and H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC
 (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed August 9, 2019) 

10.22 
 
 Asset
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 15, 2019, by and between the Company and CBM BioPharma, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference
 to Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2019) 

10.23 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 30, 2019, by and between the Company and CBM BioPharma, Inc. (incorporated herein
 by reference to Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2019) 

10.24 
 
 Amendment
 No. 2 to Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2019, by and between the Company and CBM BioPharma, Inc. (incorporated
 herein by reference to Form 8-K filed on December 10, 2019) 

10.25 
 
 Amendment
 to Aikido Pharma Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from the Company s Proxy Statement on Form DEF
 14A filed October 5, 2020) 

10.26 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement Between AIKido Pharma Inc. and the Investors thereto, dated February 24, 2022 (incorporated by reference
 to Form 8-K filed on March 2, 2022) 

10.27 
 
 Confirmation
 of Mutual Understanding Between Aikido Pharma Inc. and each of the Warrant Holders, dated as of March 24, 2022 (incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2022) 

10.28 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, Made and Entered into as of July 1, 2022, By and Between Aikido Pharma Inc. and Christopher Devall (incorporated by reference
 to Form 8-K Filed on January 6, 2023) 

10.29 
 
 Employment Agreement, Made and Entered into as of July 22, 2022, By and Between Aikido Pharma Inc. and Carlos Aldavero 

10.30 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, Dated as of January 1, 2023, By and Between Dominari Holdings Inc. and Christopher Devall (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2023) 

10.31 
 
 Amended and Restated Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, Dated as of March 27, 2023, by and among Fieldpoint Private Securities, LLC, Fieldpoint Private Bank Trust, and Dominari Financial Inc.(incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on March 28, 2023) 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum LLP 

23.2 
 
 Consent of WithumSmith+Brown, PC 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
 herewith. 

Pursuant
 to a Confidential Treatment Request under Rule 24b-2 filed with and approved by the SEC,
 portions of this exhibit have been omitted 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

67 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Dominari Holdings Inc. 
 (Registrant) 

By: 
 /s/ Anthony
 Hayes 

Anthony Hayes 
 
 Date: March 31, 2023 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer, 
 Principal Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/
 Anthony Hayes 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Anthony Hayes 

/s/ Tim S.
 Ledwick 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Tim S. Ledwick 

/s/ Robert
 J. Vander Zanden 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Robert J. Vander Zanden 

/s/ Paul LeMire 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Paul LeMire 

/s/ Robert
 Dudley 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Robert Dudley 

/s/ Gregory
 James Blattner 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Gregory James Blattner 

/s/ Kyle Wool 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Kyle Wool 

/s/ Soo
 Yu 

Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Soo Yu 

68 

<EX-4.6>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-6_dominari.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED UNDER SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Exhibit 4.6 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES 

 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 Common Stock 

The
following description is based on relevant portions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL and our Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ). This summary is a description of the material
terms of, and is qualified in its entirety by, reference to our Certificate of Incorporation, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit to
our previous filings with the SEC and incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Description of Securities
is attached as an exhibit. 

Authorization;
Outstanding Shares. We are authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of which 4,840,597
shares were issued and outstanding as of March 20, 2022. We may amend from time to time our Certificate of Incorporation to increase the
number of authorized shares of common stock. Any such amendment would require the approval of the holders of a majority of the voting
power of the shares entitled to vote thereon. 

Voting
Rights. Holders of our common stock are entitled to one (1) vote for each share on all matters submitted to a stockholder
vote. The common stock does not have cumulative voting rights. Therefore, holders of a majority of the shares of common stock voting for
the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Holders of our common stock representing a majority of the voting power of our
capital stock issued, outstanding and entitled to vote, represented in person or by proxy, are necessary to constitute a quorum at any
meeting of stockholders. 

Dividends. Subject
to limitations under Delaware law and the rights of holders of any class of stock having preference over our common stock, holders of
our common stock are entitled to share in all dividends that our board of directors, in its discretion, declares from legally available
funds. 

Liquidation;
Dissolution. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each outstanding share entitles its holder to participate
pro rata in all assets that remain after payment of liabilities and after providing for each class of stock, if any, having preference
over the common stock. 

Other
Rights and Restrictions. Our common stock has no pre-emptive rights, no conversion rights and there are no redemption provisions
or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. 

Listing .
Our common stock is quoted on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol DOMH. As of March 20, 2022, there were 135 record
holders of our common stock. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar . The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company.
The transfer agent and registrar s address is 1 State Street, 30 th Floor, New York, NY 10004 and its telephone number
is (212) 509-4000. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions 

Provisions
of our Certificate of Incorporation and Second Amended and Restated Bylaws Bylaws could make it more difficult to acquire
us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest, open market purchases, removal of incumbent directors and otherwise. These provisions,
which are summarized below, are expected to discourage types of coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage
persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with us. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our potential
ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us outweigh the disadvantages
of discouraging takeover or acquisition proposals because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 

Vacancies. Newly
created directorships resulting from any increase in the number of directors and any vacancies on the board of directors resulting from
death, resignation, disqualification, removal or other cause shall be filled by a majority of the remaining directors on the board. 

Bylaws. Our
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws authorize the board of directors to adopt, repeal, rescind, alter or amend our bylaws without
stockholder approval. 

Removal .
 Except as otherwise provided, a director may be removed from office only by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than
a majority of the voting power of the issued and outstanding stock entitled to vote. 

Cumulative
Voting. Our Certificate of Incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors, which would
allow holders of less than a majority of the stock to elect some directors. 

Staggered
Board. Our Bylaws provide for a board of directors divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected
in each year and each class serving a three-year term. As a result, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered
for election at every annual meeting of stockholders, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions
that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-10.29>
 3
 f10k2022ex10-29_dominari.htm
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, MADE AND ENTERED INTO AS OF JULY 22, 2022, BY AND BETWEEN AIKIDO PHARMA INC. AND CARLOS ALDAVERO

Exhibit 10.29 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

THIS EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT (the Agreement is made and entered effective as of July 22, 2022 (the Effective Date ),
by and between Aikido Pharma Inc., a Delaware with offices at One Rockefeller Plaza, 11 th Floor, New York, NY (the Corporation ),
and Carlos Aldavero, an individual residing at 5 West 86th Street, Apt. 9E, New York, NY 10024 (the Executive ),
under the following circumstances: 

RECITALS: 

A. The
Corporation desires to secure the services of the Executive upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; 

B.
The Executive desires to render services to the Corporation upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; and 

C.
The Corporation and the Executive desire for this Agreement to constitute and embody their full and complete understanding and agreement
with respect to the Executive s employment by the Corporation and supersede, as of the Effective Date, all prior understandings
and agreements, whether oral or written, between them with respect to such employment. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties mutually
agree as follows: 

1. Employment .
The Corporation hereby employs the Executive and the Executive hereby accepts employment as an executive of the Corporation, subject
to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 

2. Duties
and Place of Employment . The Executive shall serve as the President of Dominari Financial Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Corporation, with such duties, responsibilities, and authority as are commensurate and consistent with his position, and such other
duties, responsibilities and authority as may be, from time to time, reasonably assigned to him by the Chief Executive Officer of
the Corporation (the CEO or the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board ). The
Executive shall report directly to the CEO. During the Term (as defined in Section 3), the Executive shall devote his full business
time and efforts to the performance of his duties hereunder unless otherwise authorized by the CEO. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the expenditure of reasonable amounts of time by the Executive for the making of passive personal investments, the conduct of
private business affairs, and charitable and professional activities shall be allowed, provided such activities do not materially
interfere with the services required to be rendered to the Corporation hereunder and do not violate the confidentiality provisions
set forth in Section 8 below. The Executive shall be permitted to perform his services for the Corporation from his home in
New York City or at Aikido s offices at 755 5 th Ave, New York City or such other location as mutually agreed to by
the parties. 

3. Term of
Employment . The term of this Agreement shall be for three (3) years (the Initial Term and automatically be
extended for additional terms of one (1) year each (each a Renewal Term unless either party gives prior
written notice of non-renewal to the other party no later than three (3) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term Non-Renewal Notice ), or the then current Renewal Term, as the case may be. For purposes of this Agreement, the
Initial Term and any Renewal Term are hereinafter collectively referred to as the Term . 

4. Compensation of Executive . 

(a) The
Corporation shall pay the Executive as compensation for his services hereunder, in equal semi-monthly or bi-weekly installments
during the Term the sum of 450,000 per annum (the Base Salary ), less such deductions as shall be required to
be withheld by applicable law and regulations. The Corporation, or the Compensation Committee of the Corporation (the
 Compensation Committee ), shall review the Base Salary annually salary after the initial three year Term and
shall have the right but not the obligation to make such adjustments to the Base Salary as it deems appropriate in its
discretion. 

(b) In
addition to the Base Salary, on or about the Effective Date, the Corporation shall pay the Executive a signing bonus in cash equal
to 213,000, less such deductions as shall be required to be withheld by applicable law and regulations. 

(c)
In addition to the Base Salary, the Executive shall be entitled to receive an annual cash bonus Annual Bonus in
an amount determined by the Board in its discretion if the Corporation meets or exceeds criteria adopted by the Board, which criteria
shall be adopted by the Board annually after consultation with the Executive and which criteria must be reasonably likely to be attainable.
Annual Bonuses shall be paid by the Corporation to the Executive promptly after the year end in cash or in restricted shares of the Corporation s
common stock, it being understood that the Board s determinations concerning attainment of any financial targets associated with
any bonus determination shall not be determined until following the completion of the Corporation s annual audit and public announcement
of such results and shall be paid promptly following the Corporation s announcement of earnings, but in no event later than December
31 of the year following the year for which it is being paid (and if the Executive was employed on April 15 th of year following
the calendar year to which such Annual Bonus relates, then the Executive shall be entitled to the Annual Bonus for such year, even if
he is not employed by the Corporation on the date the Annual Bonus is paid for such last year). For the avoidance of doubt, if Executive
is employed upon expiration of the Term, he shall be entitled to the Annual Bonus for such last year on a pro-rata basis through the
last date of employment provided such date is on or before the April 15 th of year following the calendar year to which such
Annual Bonus relates, even if he is not employed by the Corporation on the date such Annual Bonus is paid. In his sole discretion, the
Executive may elect to receive such annual bonus in common stock of the Corporation on such basis as determined by the Board in good
faith. 

2 

(d)
The Board shall approve a restricted stock grant to the Executive (the Restricted Stock Grant with respect to shares of
common stock of Dominari Financial Inc. with a value on the grant date (the Grant Date equal to 2.5 the fair market
value of the Corporation, as determined by the Board in its good faith discretion. The Restricted Stock Grant shall be completed within
twenty (20) days of the Effective Date. The Restricted Stock Grant shall vest on a pro rata basis on each of the twelve (12) calendar
quarters starting after the Grant Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Restricted Stock Grant shall immediately vest in full if during
the Term if there is (i) a Change in Control Transaction during the term of the Executive s employment, (ii) a termination of the
Executive s services hereunder by the Corporation other than for Cause (each as defined in Section 5 below), (iii)
a termination by the Executive for Good Reason (as hereinafter defined), or (iv) as a result of the Executive s death or Total
Disability (as herein defined). In the event that the Executive makes an election under Section 83(b) of the Code, the Corporation will
make a non-recourse loan to him on such reasonable terms as the parties shall determine in an amount sufficient to enable him to pay
any income taxes resulting from such election. 

(e) The Compensation
Committee of the Corporation (the Compensation Committee shall approve an equity grant to the Executive in stock
options, restricted stock or restricted stock units as determined by the Compensation Committee (the Equity Grant pursuant
to the Corporation s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan with respect to 50,000 shares of common stock of the Corporation.
The Equity Grant shall be completed on the Grant Date and shall vest on a pro rata basis at the end of each of the ten (10) months starting
after the Grant Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Equity Grant shall immediately vest in full if during the Term if there is (i)
a Change in Control Transaction during the term of the Executive s employment, (ii) a termination of the Executive s services
hereunder by the Corporation other than for Cause (each as defined in Section 5 below), a termination by the Executive
for Good Reason (as hereinafter defined), or (iv) as a result of the Executive s death or Total Disability (as herein defined).
In the event that the Executive makes an election under Section 83(b) of the Code, the Corporation will make a non-recourse loan to him
on such reasonable terms as the parties shall determine in an amount sufficient to enable him to pay any income taxes resulting from
such election. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligation of the Compensation Committee to issue shares of the common stock of the
Corporation pursuant to the Equity Grant is contingent on the number of authorized shares under the Plan being sufficient to support
such grant. 

(f)
The Corporation shall pay or reimburse the Executive for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses actually incurred or paid by the Executive
in the course of his employment, consistent with the Corporation s policy for reimbursement of expenses from time to time. 

(g) The
Executive shall be entitled to participate in such pension, profit sharing, group insurance, hospitalization, and group health and
benefit plans and all other benefits and plans, including perquisites (e.g., cell phone), if any, as the Corporation provides to its
senior executives, including group family health insurance coverage, which shall be paid by the Corporation (the Benefit
Plans ). If at any time during the Term, the Corporation does not provide its senior executives with health insurance
(including hospitalization) under a Benefit Plan, Executive shall be entitled to secure such health insurance for himself and his
immediate family (i.e., spouse and natural born children) and the Corporation shall reimburse Executive for the cost of such
insurance promptly after payment by the Executive for such insurance. If Executive secures such health insurance, such health
insurance shall be deemed to be a Benefit Plan hereunder to maximum extent permitted under applicable law. 

3 

(h) The
Corporation shall execute and deliver in favor of the Executive an indemnification agreement on the same terms and conditions
entered into with the other officers and directors of the Corporation. Such agreement shall provide for the indemnification of the
Executive for the term of his employment and for a period of at least six (6) years thereafter. The Corporation shall maintain
directors and officers insurance during the Term and for a period of at least six (6) years thereafter. 

5. Termination . 

(a) This Agreement and the Executive s
employment hereunder shall terminate upon the happening of any of the following events: 

(i) upon the Executive s death: 

(ii) upon the Executive s Total Disability; 

(iii)
upon the expiration of the Initial Term of this Agreement or any Renewal Term thereof, if either party has provided a timely Non-Renewal
Notice in accordance with Section 3; 

(iv) at the
Executive s option, upon ninety (90) days prior written notice to the Corporation (other than under the circumstances set
forth in Section 5(b)(viii)); 

(v) at the Executive s option, for Good Reason, as defined in Section 5(c); 

(vi) at the Corporation s option, for Cause, as defined in Section 5(e); 

(vii) at the Corporation s option, upon
ninety (90) days prior written notice to the Executive, without Cause; and 

(viii)
at the Executive s option, upon written notice to the Corporation at any time within forty (40) days of the consummation of a Change
in Control Transaction. 

(b)
For purposes of this Agreement, the Executive shall be deemed to be suffering from a Total Disability if the Executive
has failed to perform his regular and customary duties to the Corporation for a period of 180 days out of any 360-day period and if before
the Executive has become Rehabilitated (as herein defined) a majority of the members of the Board, exclusive of the Executive,
determine that the Executive is mentally or physically incapable or unable to continue to perform such regular and customary duties of
employment. As used herein, the term Rehabilitated shall mean such time as the Executive is willing, able, and commences
to devote his time and energies to the affairs of the Corporation to the extent and in the manner that he did so prior to his Total Disability. 

4 

(c) For
purposes of this Agreement, the term Good Reason shall mean that the Executive has resigned due to: (i) a
material diminution of duties inconsistent with Executive s title, authority, duties, and responsibilities (including, without
limitation, a change in the chain of reporting) prior to such diminution; or (ii) any material violation by the Corporation of its
obligations (including, without limitation, its compensation obligations) under this Agreement; provided that the Executive has
given written notice to the Corporation within ninety (90) days of Executive s knowledge of the initial occurrence of such
event, and the Corporation has failed to cure such acts within thirty (30) days of receipt of such notice, if curable, and the
Executive must then terminate his employment within thirty (30) days following the expiration of such cure period for the
termination to be on account of Good Reason. 

(d)
For purposes of this Agreement, the term Change in Control Transaction means the sale of the Corporation to an un-affiliated
person or entity or group of un- affiliated persons or entities pursuant to which such party or parties acquire (i) shares of capital
stock of the Corporation representing at least fifty percent (50 of outstanding capital stock or sufficient to elect a majority of
the Board or of the board of directors of the Corporation (whether by merger, consolidation, sale, or transfer of shares (other than
a merger where the Corporation is the surviving corporation and the shareholders and directors of the Corporation prior to the merger
constitute a majority of the shareholders and directors, respectively, of the surviving corporation (or its parent)) or (ii) all or substantially
all of the Corporation s assets determined on a consolidated basis. 

(e)
For purposes of this Agreement, the term Cause shall mean any material breach of this Agreement by Executive or
material, gross, and willful misconduct on the part of the Executive in connection with his employment duties hereunder, in all cases
that is not cured within fourteen (14) days after receipt of notice thereof (to the extent such breach is capable of being cured), or
the Executive s conviction of or entering of a guilty plea or a plea of no contest with respect to a felony or any crime involving
fraud, larceny, or embezzlement resulting in material harm to the Corporation by the Executive. 

6. Effects of Termination . 

Upon termination
of employment for any reason, whether by the Executive or the Corporation, the Executive shall be paid accrued but unpaid compensation
and vacation pay through the date of termination and any other benefits accrued to him under any Benefit Plans outstanding at the date
of termination and the reimbursement of documented, unreimbursed expenses incurred on or prior to such date, all paid as promptly as
practicable and in accordance with applicable law (collectively, Base Benefits , and the Executive shall have any
conversion rights available under the Corporation s Benefit Plans and as otherwise provided by law, including the Consolidated
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act and any similar state law or regulation COBRA ). 

The following provisions apply to
specified termination events. Any Annual Bonus (including any pro-rated Annual Bonus) payable pursuant to the following provisions shall
be paid at the same time that it would have been paid if the Executive s employment had not terminated. 

5 

(a) Upon
termination of the Executive s employment pursuant to Section 5(a)(i) or (ii), in addition to the Base Benefits, the Executive
or his estate or beneficiaries, as applicable, shall be entitled to the following severance benefits: (i) twelve (12) months
 Base Salary at the then current rate, payable in a lump sum, less withholding of applicable taxes, within thirty (30) days of
the date of termination; (ii) if the Executive elects continuation coverage for group health coverage pursuant to COBRA, then for a
period of twelve (12) months following the Executive s termination he will be obligated to pay only the portion of the full
COBRA cost of the coverage equal to an active employee s share of premiums (if any) for coverage for the respective plan year and,
to the extent required by any applicable nondiscrimination rules, the Company s share of such premiums (the
 Employer-Provided COBRA Premium shall be treated as taxable income to the Executive; and (iii) payment on a
pro-rated basis of any Annual Bonus or other payments earned in connection with any bonus plan to which the Executive was a
participant as of the date of death or Total Disability. This Section 6(a) shall not terminate or otherwise interfere with any right
to disability payments. 

(b)
Upon termination of the Executive s employment pursuant to Section 5(a)(iii) where the Corporation has offered to renew the term
of the Executive s employment for an additional one (1) year period and the Executive chooses not to continue in the employ of
the Corporation, the Executive shall be entitled to receive only the Base Benefits, and the payment on a pro-rated basis of any Annual
Bonus, or other payments earned in connection with any bonus plan to which the Executive was a participant as of the date of the Executive s
termination of employment,. In the event the Corporation tenders a Non-Renewal Notice to the Executive, then the Executive shall be entitled
to the same severance benefits as if the Executive s employment were terminated pursuant to Section 5(a)(v); provided , however ,
if such Non-Renewal Notice was triggered due to the Corporation s statement that the Executive s employment was terminated
due to Section 5(a)(vi), then payment of severance benefits will be contingent upon a determination as to whether termination was properly
for Cause. 

(c)
Upon termination of the Executive s employment pursuant to Section 5(a)(v), 5(a)(vii) or 5(a)(viii), in addition to the Base Benefits,
the Executive shall be entitled to the following severance benefits: (i) twelve (12) months Base Salary at the then current rate,
to be paid in a single lump sum payment not later than thirty (30) days following such termination, less withholding of all applicable
taxes; (ii) if the Executive elects continuation coverage for group health coverage pursuant to COBRA, then for a period of twelve (12)
months following the Executive s termination he will be obligated to pay only the portion of the full COBRA cost of the coverage
equal to an active employee s share of premiums (if any) for coverage for the respective plan year and, to the extent required by any
applicable nondiscrimination rules, the Employer-Provided COBRA Premium shall be treated as taxable income to the Executive; and (iii)
payment on a pro-rated basis of any Annual Bonus or other payments earned in connection with any bonus plan to which the Executive was
a participant as of the date of the Executive s termination of employment. In addition, any equity grants to Executive shall be
immediately vested upon termination of Executive s employment pursuant to Section 5(a)(v) or 5(a)(vii). 

6 

(d) Upon
termination of the Executive s employment pursuant to Section 5(a)(iv) or (vi), in addition to the Base Benefits, the
Executive shall be entitled to the following severance benefits: (i) accrued and unpaid Base Salary and vacation pay through the
date of termination, less withholding of applicable taxes; and (ii) if the Executive elects continuation coverage for group health
coverage pursuant to COBRA, then, for a period of one (1) month following the Executive s termination, he will be obligated to
pay only the portion of the full COBRA cost of the coverage equal to an active employee s share of premiums (if any) for coverage
for one month of the respective plan year and, to the extent required by any applicable nondiscrimination rules, the
Employer-Provided COBRA Premium shall be treated as taxable income to the Executive. 

(e)
Any payments required to be made hereunder by the Corporation to the Executive shall continue to the Executive s beneficiaries
in the event of his death until paid in full. 

7. Vacations . The Executive shall be entitled to three (3) weeks of paid vacation per year. The Executive shall take his vacation
at such time or times as the Executive and the CEO shall determine is mutually convenient. Any vacation not taken in one (1) year shall
accrue, up to a maximum of six (6) weeks of vacation and shall carry over to the subsequent year. 

8.
 Disclosure of Confidential Information . The Executive recognizes, acknowledges and agrees that he will have access to secret and
confidential information regarding the Corporation and-its affiliates, including but not limited to, its products, formulae, patents,
sources of supply, customer dealings, data, know-how, and business plans, provided such information is not in or does not hereafter become
part of the public domain, or become known to others through no fault of the Executive. The Executive acknowledges that such information
is of great value to the Corporation, is the sole property of the Corporation, and has been and will be acquired by him in confidence.
In consideration of the obligations undertaken by the Corporation herein, the Executive will not, at any time, during or after his employment
hereunder, reveal, divulge, or make known to any person any information acquired by the Executive during the course of his employment,
which is treated as confidential by the Corporation, and not otherwise in the public domain. The provisions of this Section 8 shall survive
the termination of the Executive s employment hereunder. All references to the Corporation in Sections 8 and 9 hereof shall include
affiliates of the Corporation. 

7 

9. Clawback
Rights . The Annual Bonus, and any and all stock-based compensation (such as options and equity awards) (collectively, the
 Clawback Benefits shall be subject to Clawback Rights as follows. During the period that
the Executive is employed by the Corporation and upon the termination of the Executive s employment and for a period of three
(3) years thereafter, if there is a restatement of any financial results from which any Clawback Benefits to Executive shall have
been determined, the Executive agrees to repay any amounts that were determined by reference to any Corporation financial results
that were later restated (as defined below), to the extent the Clawback Benefits paid exceed the Clawback Benefits that would have
been paid, based on the restatement of the Corporation s financial information. All Clawback Benefits resulting from such
restated financial results shall be retroactively adjusted by the Compensation Committee to take into account the restated results,
and any excess portion of the Clawback Benefits resulting from such restated results shall be immediately surrendered to the
Corporation and if not so surrendered within ninety (90) days of the revised calculation being provided to the Executive by the
Compensation Committee following a publicly announced restatement, the Corporation shall have the right to take any and all action
to effectuate such adjustment. The calculation of the revised Clawback Benefits shall be determined by the Compensation Committee in
good faith and applicable laws, rules, and regulations. All determinations by the Compensation Committee with respect to the
Clawback Rights shall be final and binding on the Corporation and Executive. The Clawback Rights shall terminate following a Change
of Control Transaction, subject to applicable laws, rules, and regulations. For purposes of this Section 9, a restatement of
financial results that requires a repayment of a portion of the Clawback Benefits shall mean a restatement resulting from material
non-compliance of the Corporation with any financial reporting requirement under the federal securities laws and shall not include a
restatement of financial results resulting from subsequent changes in accounting pronouncements or requirements that were not in
effect on the date the financial statements were originally prepared Restatements ). The parties acknowledge
that it is their intention that the foregoing Clawback Rights as relates to Restatements conform in all respects to the provisions
of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act and requires
recovery of all incentive-based compensation, pursuant to the provisions of the Dodd- Frank Act and any and all rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time. Accordingly, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be deemed
automatically amended from time to time to the extent required to assure compliance with the Dodd-Frank Act or any applicable rules
or regulations enacted thereunder that may be adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission or any stock exchange on which the
securities of the Company are listed. 

10. Section 409A . 

(a)
The provisions of this Agreement are intended to comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the Code and any final regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder Section 409A and shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Section 409A. The Corporation
and Executive agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions that
are necessary, appropriate, or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax, penalties or income recognition prior to actual payment
to the Executive under Section 409A. 

8 

(b) To the
extent that the Executive will be reimbursed for costs and expenses or in-kind benefits, except as otherwise permitted by Section
409A, (i) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit; (ii) the
amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, provided during any taxable year shall not affect the expenses
eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other taxable year; provided , that the foregoing
clause (ii) shall not be violated with regard to expenses reimbursed under any arrangement covered by Section 105(b) of the Code
solely because such expenses are subject to a limit related to the period the arrangement is in effect; and (iii) such payments
shall be made on or before the last day of the taxable year following the taxable year in which Executive incurred the expense. 

(c) A
termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the
payment of any amounts or benefits upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination constitutes a
 Separation from Service within the meaning of Section 409A and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement
references to a termination, termination of employment, or like terms shall mean Separation from
Service. 

(d)
Each payment that is made within the terms of the short-term deferral rule set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4)
is intended to meet the short-term deferral rule. Each other payment is intended to be a payment upon an involuntary termination
from service and payable pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), et seq., to the maximum extent permitted by that
regulation, with any amount that is not exempt from Code Section 409A being subject to Code Section 409A. 

(e)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if the Executive is a specified employee within the meaning
of Section 409A at the time of Executive s termination, then only that portion of the severance and benefits payable to the Executive
pursuant to this Agreement, if any, and any other severance payments or separation benefits that may be considered deferred compensation
under Section 409A (together, the Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits ), which (when considered together) do
not exceed the Section 409A Limit (as defined herein) may be made within the first six (6) months following the Executive s termination
of employment in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. Any portion of the Deferred Compensation
Separation Benefits in excess of the Section 409A Limit otherwise due to Executive on or within the six (6) month period following the
Executive s termination will accrue during such six (6) month period and will become payable in one lump sum cash payment on the
date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of the Executive s termination of employment. All subsequent Deferred Compensation
Separation Benefits, if any, will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, if the Executive dies following termination but prior to the six (6) month anniversary of the Executive s
termination date, then any payments delayed in accordance with this paragraph will be payable in a lump sum as soon as administratively
practicable after the date of the Executive s death and all other Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits will be payable in
accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. 

9 

(f) For
purposes of this Agreement, Section 409A Limit will mean a sum equal (x) to the amounts payable prior to March 15
following the year in which Executive terminations plus (y) the lesser of two (2) times: (i) Executive s annualized
compensation based upon the annual rate of pay paid to Executive during the Corporation s taxable year preceding the
Corporation s taxable year of Executive s termination of employment as determined under Treasury Regulation
1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A)(1) and any IRS guidance issued with respect thereto; or (ii) the maximum amount that may be taken into
account under a qualified plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(17) of the Code for the year in which Executive s employment is
terminated. 

11. Miscellaneous . 

(a)
The Executive acknowledges that the services to be rendered by him under the provisions of this Agreement are of a special, unique, and
extraordinary character and that it would be difficult or impossible to replace such services. Accordingly, the Executive agrees that
any breach or threatened breach by him of Section 8 or 9 of this Agreement shall entitle the Corporation, in addition to all other legal
remedies available to it, to apply to any court of competent jurisdiction to seek to enjoin such breach or threatened breach. The parties
understand and intend that each restriction agreed to by the Executive hereinabove shall be construed as separable and divisible from
every other restriction, that the unenforceability of any restriction shall not limit the enforceability, in whole or in part, of any
other restriction, and that one or more or all of such restrictions may be enforced in whole or in part as the circumstances warrant.
In the event that any restriction in this Agreement is more restrictive than permitted by law in the jurisdiction in which the Corporation
seeks enforcement thereof, such restriction shall be limited to the extent permitted by law. The remedy of injunctive relief herein set
forth shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights or remedies that the Corporation may have at law or in equity. 

(b)
Neither the Executive nor the Corporation may assign or delegate any of their rights or duties under this Agreement without the express
written consent of the other; provided however , that the Corporation shall have the right to delegate its obligation of payment
of all sums due to the Executive hereunder, provided that such delegation shall not relieve the Corporation of any of its obligations
hereunder. 

(c)
This Agreement constitutes and embodies the full and complete understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to the Executive s
employment by the Corporation, supersedes, as of the Effective Date, all prior understandings and agreements, whether oral or written,
between the Executive and the Corporation with respect to such employment, and shall not be amended, modified, or changed except by an
instrument in writing executed by the party to be charged. The invalidity or partial invalidity of one or more provisions of this Agreement
shall not invalidate any other provision of this Agreement. No waiver by either party of any provision or condition to be performed shall
be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same time or any prior or subsequent time. 

(d)
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, be binding upon and enforceable against, the parties hereto and their respective successors,
heirs, beneficiaries, and permitted assigns. 

10 

(e)
The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation
of this Agreement. 

(f)
All notices, requests, demands, and other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be
deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered, sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid,
or by private overnight mail service (e.g. Federal Express) to the party at the address set forth above or to such other address as either
party may hereafter give notice of in accordance with the provisions hereof. Notices shall be deemed given on the sooner of the date
actually received or the third business day after sending. 

(g)
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York without reference to
principles of conflicts of laws and each of the parties hereto irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction and venue of the federal and
state courts located in the State of New York. 

(h)
This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which
together shall constitute one of the same instrument. The parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date. 

AIKIDO PHARMA, INC 

By: /s/ Anthony Hayes 
 Anthony Hayes, Chief Executive Officer 

EXECUTIVE: 

/s/ Carlos Aldavero 

Carlos Aldavero 

11 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex21-1_dominari.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

List of Subsidiaries 

AIkido Labs LLC 

Dominari Financial Inc. 

Dominari Securities LLC 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex23-1_dominari.htm
 CONSENT OF MARCUM LLP

Exhibit 23.1 

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S
CONSENT 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement
of Dominari Holdings Inc. (the Company on Form S-8 (File No. 333-267318, File No. 333-210627, File No. 333-197429, and
File No. 333-185524) and Form S-3 File No. 333-238172), of our report dated March 31, 2023 with respect to our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of Dominari Holdings Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and for year ended December 31, 2022, which report is included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Dominari Holdings Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

 New York, NY 

 March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex23-2_dominari.htm
 CONSENT OF WITHUMSMITH+BROWN, PC

Exhibit 23.2 

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S
CONSENT 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement
of Dominari Holdings Inc. (the Company on Form S-8 (File No. 333-267318, File No. 333-210627, File No. 333-197429, and
File No. 333-185524) and Form S-3 File No. 333-238172), of our report dated March 28, 2022 with respect to our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of Dominari Holdings Inc. (formerly AIkido Pharma, Inc.) as of December 31, 2021 and for year ended December 31,
2021, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Dominari Holdings Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ WithumSmith+Brown, PC 

 New York, NY 

 March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex31-1_dominari.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive, Financial
and Accounting Officer 

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Anthony Hayes, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Dominari Holdings Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the consolidated financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Anthony Hayes 

Anthony Hayes 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer, 

Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

March 31, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-1_dominari.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive, Financial
and Accounting Officer 
Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Anthony Hayes, Director, Chief Executive Officer,
Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of Dominari Holdings Inc. (the Company ), in compliance with Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge, the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period
ended December 31, 2022 (the Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission: 

Fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Anthony Hayes 

Anthony Hayes 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer, 

Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

March 31, 2023 

A signed copy of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to, and will be retained by, Dominari Holdings Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 domh-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 domh-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 domh-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 domh-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 domh-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

