<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230310_10-K_edgar_data_729580_0001437749-23-006172.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13690160</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>779827</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2031160</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4690436</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2947493</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2846483</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-006172.hdr.sgml : 20230310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310161319
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-006172
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		125
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BEL FUSE INC /NJ
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000729580
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COILS, TRANSFORMERS & OTHER INDUCTORS [3677]
		IRS NUMBER:				221463699
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-11676
		FILM NUMBER:		23723747

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		206 VAN VORST ST.
		CITY:			JERSEY CITY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07302
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2014320463

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		206 VAN VORST ST.
		CITY:			JERSEY CITY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07302

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-006172.txt : 20230310

10-K
 1
 belfb20221123_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

belfb20221123_10k.htm 

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _____________________ 
 
 FORM 
 (MARK ONE) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ___________ to ____________ 

Commission File No. 
 _____________________ 
 
 BEL FUSE INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 , ) 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 

(State of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on which Registered 
 Global Select Market 
 Global Select Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Table of Contents 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity of the registrant held by non-affiliates (for this purpose, persons and entities other than executive officers and directors) of the registrant, as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2022) was million based on the closing sale price as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. 
 
 Title of Each Class Number of Shares of Common Stock Outstanding as of March 1, 2023 
 Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 
 
 Portions of Bel Fuse Inc.'s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 

BEL FUSE INC. 

FORM 10-K INDEX 

Page 

Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
 1 

Part I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 11 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 20 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 21 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 21 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 21 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 22 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 23 

Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 33 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 33 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 77 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 77 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 77 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 77 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 78 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 78 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 78 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 78 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 78 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 79 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 80 

Signatures 

81 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTICE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 
 The terms the "Company," "Bel," "we," "us," and "our" as used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K ("Form 10-K") refer to Bel Fuse Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries unless otherwise specified. 
 
 The Company's consolidated operating results are affected by a wide variety of factors that could materially and adversely affect revenues and profitability, including the risk factors described in Item 1A of this Form 10-K, and the risk factors described in our other reports and documents filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). As a result of these and other factors, the Company may experience material fluctuations in future operating results on a quarterly or annual basis, which could materially and adversely affect its business, consolidated financial condition, operating results, and common stock prices. Furthermore, this document and other reports and documents filed by the Company with the SEC contain certain forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 ("Forward-Looking Statements") with respect to the business of the Company. Forward-Looking Statements are necessarily subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. Forward-Looking Statements can be identified by such words as "anticipates," "believes," "plan," "assumes," "could," "should," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "potential," "seek," "predict," "may," "will" and similar references to future periods. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this report regarding our strategies, prospects, financial condition, operations, costs, plans and objectives and regarding the anticipated impact of COVID-19 are Forward-Looking Statements. 
 
 These Forward-Looking Statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including those detailed in Item 1A of this Form 10-K, and the risk factors described in our other reports and documents filed from time to time with the SEC, which could cause actual results to differ materially from these Forward-Looking Statements. Any Forward-Looking Statements are qualified in the entirety by reference to such risk factors discussed throughout this Form 10-K and as described in our other reports and documents filed from time to time with the SEC. Some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from estimates or projections contained in the Forward-Looking Statements include but are not limited to: 

the market concerns facing our customers, and risks for the Company s business in the event of the loss of certain substantial customers; 

the continuing viability of sectors that rely on our products; 

the effects of business and economic conditions; 

the impact of public health crises (such as the governmental, social and economic effects of COVID-19); 

the effects of rising input costs, and cost changes generally, including the potential impact and effects of inflationary pressures; 

difficulties associated with integrating previously acquired companies; 

capacity and supply constraints or difficulties, including supply chain constraints or other challenges; 

difficulties associated with the availability of labor, and the risks of any labor unrest or labor shortages; 

risks associated with our international operations, including our substantial manufacturing operations in China; 

risks associated with restructuring programs or other strategic initiatives, including any difficulties in implementation or realization of the expected benefits or cost savings; 

product development, commercialization or technological difficulties; 

the regulatory and trade environment; 

risks associated with fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates; 

uncertainties associated with legal proceedings; 

the market's acceptance of the Company's new products and competitive responses to those new products; and 

the impact of changes to U.S. and applicable foreign legal and regulatory requirements, including tax laws, trade and tariff policies. 

The foregoing list sets forth some, but not all, of the factors that could affect our ability to achieve results described in any Forward-Looking Statements, which speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation and expressly disclaim any duty to publicly release the results of any revisions to these Forward-Looking Statements or otherwise update any Forward-Looking Statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Form 10-K or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any Forward-Looking Statements contained in this Form 10-K. Any Forward-Looking Statement made by the Company is based only on information currently available to us and speaks only as of the date on which it is made. All Forward-Looking Statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in this section. 

1

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 Bel Fuse Inc. designs, manufactures and markets a broad array of products that power, protect and connect electronic circuits. These products are primarily used in the networking, telecommunications, computing, general industrial, high-speed data transmission, military, commercial aerospace, transportation and eMobility industries. Bel's portfolio of products also finds application in the automotive, medical, broadcasting and consumer electronics markets. Bel's product groups include Magnetic Solutions (integrated connector modules, power transformers, power inductors and discrete components), Power Solutions and Protection (front-end, board-mount and industrial and transportation power products, module products and circuit protection), and Connectivity Solutions (expanded beam fiber optic, copper-based, RF and RJ connectors and cable assemblies). 
 
 With more than 70 years in operation, Bel has reliably demonstrated the ability to participate in a variety of product areas across a global platform. The Company has a strong track record of technical innovation working with the engineering teams of market leaders. Bel has proven itself a valuable supplier to world-class companies by developing new products with cost effective solutions. 
 
 The Company was incorporated in 1949 and is organized under New Jersey law. Bel's principal executive offices are located at 206 Van Vorst Street, Jersey City, New Jersey 07302, and Bel's telephone number is (201) 432-0463. The Company operates facilities in North America, Europe and Asia and trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market (ticker symbols BELFA and BELFB). For information regarding Bel's operating segments, see Note 13, "Segments", of the notes to our consolidated financial statements. Hereinafter, all references to "Note" will refer to the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Acquisitions have played a critical role in the growth of Bel and the expansion of both our product portfolio and our customer base and continue to be an important element in our growth strategy. We frequently evaluate possible acquisition candidates that would expand our product and technology offerings to our customers and/or optimize our overall cost structure. The Company may, from time to time, purchase equity positions in companies that are potential merger candidates. In February 2023, Bel closed on an 8.0 million (approximately 8.8 million) noncontrolling investment in innolectric AG ("innolectric"), a Germany-based business in the field of on-board charging for eMobility applications. The innolectric investment will be part of Bel's Power Solutions and Protection group. 
 
 On March 31, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of EOS Power ("EOS") through a stock purchase agreement for 7.8 million, net of cash acquired, including a working capital adjustment. EOS, located in Mumbai, India, had sales of 17.6 million and 15.4 million (pro forma) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. EOS enhances Bel's position related to certain industrial and medical markets historically served by EOS, with a strong line of high-power density and low-profile products with high convection ratings. In addition to new products and customers acquired, this acquisition diversified Bel's manufacturing footprint in Asia. The EOS business is part of Bel's Power Solutions and Protection group. 
 
 On January 8, 2021, the Company acquired rms Connectors, Inc. rms Connectors or "rms"), from rms Company Inc., a division of Cretex Companies, Inc., for 9.0 million in cash, including a working capital adjustment. rms Connectors is a highly regarded connector manufacturer with over 30 years of experience producing harsh environment circular connectors used in a variety of military and aerospace applications. This acquisition complemented Bel's existing military and aerospace product portfolio and enabled us to expand key customer relationships within these end markets and leverage the combined manufacturing resources to improve our operational efficiency. Originally based in Coon Rapids, Minnesota, the rms Connectors business was relocated into Bel's existing facilities during the second quarter of 2021, and is part of Bel's Connectivity Solutions group. 
 
 On December 3, 2019, we completed the acquisition of the majority of the power supply products business of CUI Inc. (the "CUI power business") through an asset purchase agreement with CUI Global Inc. for 29.2 million (after a working capital adjustment), plus the assumption of certain liabilities. The CUI power business designs and markets a broad portfolio of AC/DC and DC/DC power supplies and board level components. The CUI power business is headquartered in Tualatin, Oregon and contributed sales of 64.5 million for 2022, 55.8 million for 2021 and 43.1 million for 2020. The acquisition of the CUI power business enhanced Bel's existing offering of power products, allowing us to better address more of our customers' power needs. It also introduced an alternative business model to Bel's, one which carries a higher gross margin profile and lower manufacturing risk. CUI is part of Bel's Power Solutions and Protection group. 

2

Table of Contents 

Products 
 
 The Company primarily generates revenue through the sale of its products. Bel offers a broad array of product offerings, which are grouped as follows: Power Solutions Protection (44 of net sales in 2022), Connectivity Solutions (29 of net sales in 2022) and Magnetic Solutions (27 of net sales in 2022). While there are key customers and end markets within each of the three product groups, only one direct customer accounted for more than 10 of our consolidated net sales in 2022 (this customer represented 12.8 of our consolidated net sales in 2022). Our diverse product mix and customer base minimizes our dependence on any one customer or end market. 
 
 Power Solutions and Protection 
 
 Bel's power conversion products include internal and external AC/DC power supplies, DC/DC converters and DC/AC inverters. These products provide power conversion solutions for a number of Industrial, Networking and Consumer applications. Bel circuit protection products include board level fuses (miniature, micro and surface mount), and Polymeric PTC (Positive Temperature Coefficient) devices, designed for the global electronic and telecommunication markets. 

Product Line 
 Function 
 Applications 
 Brands Sold Under 

Power Solutions and Protection 
 Front-End Power Supplies 
 Provides the primary point of isolation between AC main line (input) and the low-voltage DC output that is used to power all electronics downstream. 
 Servers, telecommunication, network and data storage equipment. 
 Bel Power Solutions Protection 

Board-Mount Power Products 
 These are designed to be mounted on a circuit board. These converters take input voltage and provide localized on-board power to low-voltage electronics. 
 Telecommunication, networking and a broad range of industrial applications. 
 Bel Power Solutions Protection, Melcher TM , CUI 

Industrial and Transportation Power Products 
 Designed to be used in industrial equipment or on-board and off-board transportation applications for powering various AC and DC electronics, battery charging and power management. 
 Rail, transportation, automation, test and measurement, medical and eMobility applications. 
 Bel Power Solutions Protection, Melcher TM , CUI, EOS 

External Power Products 
 Standard and customizable desktop and wall plug adapters that convert AC main input voltages to a variety of DC output voltages. 
 Consumer and industrial devices and equipment. 
 CUI, EOS 

Circuit Protection 
 Protects devices by preventing current in an electrical circuit from exceeding acceptable levels. 
 Consumer electronics, power supplies, electric vehicles, EV chargers, battery charging and lighting. 
 Bel Power Solutions Protection 

3

Table of Contents 

Connectivity Solutions 
 
 Bel offers a comprehensive line of high speed and harsh environment copper and optical fiber connectors and integrated assemblies, which provide connectivity for a wide range of applications across multiple industries including commercial aerospace, military communications, defense, network infrastructure, structured building cabling and several industrial applications. 

Product Line 
 Function 
 Applications 
 Brands Sold Under 

Connectivity Solutions 
 Expanded Beam Fiber Optic Connectors, Cable Assemblies and Active Optical Devices (transceivers and media converters) 
 Harsh-environment, high-reliability, flight-grade optical connectivity for high-speed communications. 
 Military/aerospace, oil and gas well monitoring and exploration, broadcast, communications, RADAR. 
 Stratos , Fibreco 

Copper-based Connectors / Cable Assemblies-FQIS 
 Harsh-environment, high-reliability connectivity and fuel quantity monitoring (FQIS). 
 Avionics, smart munitions, communications, radar and various industrial equipment. 
 Cinch 

RF Connectors, Cable Assemblies, Microwave Devices and Low Loss Cable 
 Connectors and cable assemblies designed to provide connectivity within radio frequency (RF) applications. 
 Military/aerospace, test and measurement, IoT, 5G high-frequency and wireless communications. 
 Johnson, Trompeter, Midwest Microwave TM , Semflex 

Ethernet, I/O, Industrial and Power Connectivity 
 RJ45, RJ11, M12, IP67 and USB connectivity for data/voice/video transmission. 
 Applications including routers, hubs, switches, peripheral device connectivity and patch panels; and emerging internet-of-things (IoT) applications. 
 Stewart Connector 

Magnetic Solutions 
 
 Bel's Magnetics offers industry leading products. The Company's ICM products integrate RJ45 connectors with discrete magnetic components to provide better performance and a more robust device that allows customers to substantially reduce board space and optimize performance. Power Transformers include standard and custom designs for use in a wide array of applications, including industrial instrumentation, alarm and security systems, motion control, elevators, and medical products. 

Product Line 
 Function 
 Applications 
 Brands Sold Under 

Magnetic Solutions 
 Integrated Connector Modules (ICMs) 
 Condition, filter, and isolate the electronic signal to ensure accurate data/voice/video transmission and provide RJ45 and USB connectivity. 
 Network switches, routers, hubs, and PCs used in multi-speed Gigabit Ethernet, Power over Ethernet (PoE), PoE Plus and home networking applications. 
 Bel, TRP Connector , MagJack 

Power Transformers 
 Safety isolation and distribution. 
 Power supplies, alarm, fire detection, and security systems, HVAC, lighting and medical equipment. Class 2, three phase, chassis mount, and PC mount designs available. 
 Signal 

SMD Power Inductors SMPS Transformers 
 A passive component that stores energy in a magnetic field. Widely used in analog electronic circuitry. 
 Switchmode power supplies, DC/DC converters, LED lighting, automotive and consumer electronics. 
 Signal 

Discrete Components-Ethernet 
 Condition, filter, and isolate the electronic signals to ensure high speed Ethernet data transmission. 
 Network switches, routers, hubs, and PCs used in multi-speed Gigabit Ethernet and Power over Ethernet (PoE). 
 Bel 

4

Table of Contents 

Sales and Marketing 
 
 We sell our products to customers throughout North America, Europe and Asia. Sales are made through one of three channels: direct strategic account managers, regional sales managers working with independent sales representative organizations or authorized distributors. Bel's strategic account managers are assigned to handle major accounts requiring global coordination. 
 
 Independent sales representatives and authorized distributors are overseen by the Company's sales management personnel located throughout the world. As of December 31, 2022, we had a sales and support staff o f approximately 200 people that supported a network of sales representative organizations and non-exclusive distributors. We have written agreements with all our sales representative organizations and most of our major distributors. These written agreements, terminable on short notice by either party, are standard in the industry. 
 
 Sales support functions have also been established and located in our international facilities to provide timely, efficient support for customers. This supplemental level of service, in addition to first-line sales support, enables us to be more responsive to customers' needs on a global level. Our marketing capabilities include product management which drives new product development, application engineering for technical support and marketing communications. 
 
 Market Factors 
 
 Competition 
 
 We operate in a variety of markets, all of which are highly competitive. There are numerous independent companies and divisions of major companies that manufacture products that are competitive with one or more of our products. 
 
 Our ability to compete is dependent upon several factors including product performance, quality, reliability, depth of product line, customer service, technological innovation, design, delivery time and price. Overall financial stability and global presence also give us a favorable position in relation to some of our competitors. Management intends to maintain a strong competitive posture in the markets we serve by continued expansion of our product lines and ongoing investment in research, development and manufacturing resources. The preceding sentence represents a Forward-Looking Statement. See "Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Information." 
 
 Trends in Market Demand 
 
 Product orders, or bookings, received during 2022 amounted to 751.9 million, a 10 decrease from 2021. By product group, orders received for our Power Solutions and Protection products amounted to 404.2 million in 2022, a 7 increase from 2021 . This increase was largely due to incremental orders of 38.5 million related to raw material expedite fees. Orders received for our Connectivity Solutions products were 221.0 million in 2022, 10 higher than in 2021 as a result of increased demand from our distribution partners coupled with a rebound in demand from our direct and aftermarket com mercial aerospace and military customers. Bookings for our Magnetic Solutions products decreased by 51 from 2021 to 126.8 million in 2022, largely due to reduced demand from our networking customers. 
 
 Backlog of Orders 
 
 We typically manufacture products against firm orders and projected usage by customers. Cancellation and return arrangements are either negotiated by us on a transactional basis or contractually determined. We estimate the value of the backlog of orders as of February 28, 2023 to be approximately 526.9 million as compared with a backlog of 498.0 million as of February 28, 2022. Management estimates that approximately 70 -75 of t he Company's backlog as of February 28, 2023 will be shipped by December 31, 2023. Factors that could cause the Company to fail to ship all such orders by year-end include unanticipated supply difficulties, changes in customer demand and new customer designs. Throughout 2022, Bel has faced macroeconomic and global supply chain challenges, and these conditions are expected to continue through at least the first half of 2023. Due to these factors, backlog may not be a reliable indicator of the timing of future sales. The preceding statements regarding the Company s backlog, including but not limited to estimates and anticipated timing of shipping, represent Forward-Looking Statements. See "Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Information." 

5

Table of Contents 

Research and Development ("R D") 
 
 Our engineering groups are strategically located around the world to facilitate communication with and access to customers' engineering personnel. This collaborative approach enables partnerships with customers for technical development efforts. The global capabilities and collaborative approach allows Bel to develop leading edge technological products that support highly complex and evolving markets such as eMobility, cloud computing, military, aerospace, and others. On occasion, we execute non-disclosure agreements with customers to help develop proprietary, next generation products intended for rapid deployment. We also sponsor membership in technical organizations that allow our engineers to participate in developing standards for emerging technologies. It is management's opinion that this participation is critical in establishing credibility and a reputable level of expertise in the marketplace, as well as positioning the Company as an industry leader in new product development. 
 
 R D costs are expensed as incurred. Generally, R D is performed internally for the benefit of the Company. R D costs include salaries, building maintenance and utilities, rents, materials, administrative costs and miscellaneous other items. 
 
 Resources 
 
 Raw Materials and Sourcing 
 
 We have multiple suppliers for most of the raw materials that we purchase. Where possible, we have contractual agreements with suppliers to assure a continuing supply of critical components. 
 
 With respect to those items which are purchased from single sources, we believe that comparable items would be available in the event that there was a termination of our existing business relationships with any such supplier. While such a termination could produce a disruption in production, we believe that the termination of business with any one of our suppliers would not have a material adverse effect on our long-term operations. Actual experience could differ materially from this belief as a result of a number of factors, including the time required to locate an alternative supplier, and the nature of the demand for our products. In the past, we have experienced shortages in certain raw materials, such as capacitors, ferrites and integrated circuits ("IC's"), when these materials were in great demand. Even though we may have more than one supplier for certain materials, it is possible that these materials may not be available to us in sufficient quantities or at the times desired by us. In the event that the current economic conditions have a negative impact on the financial condition of our suppliers, this may impact the availability and cost of our raw materials. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 We have acquired or been granted a number of patents in the U.S., Europe and Asia and have additional patent applications pending relating to our products. While we believe that the issued patents are defendable and that the pending patent applications relate to patentable inventions, there can be no assurance that a patent will be obtained from the applications or that our existing patents can be successfully defended. It is management's opinion that the successful continuation and operation of our business does not depend upon the ownership of patents or the granting of pending patent applications, but upon the innovative skills, technical competence and marketing and managerial abilities of our personnel. Our U.S. design patents have a life of 14 years and our U.S. utility patents have a life of 17 years from the date of issue or 20 years from filing of patent applications. Our existing patents expire on various dates throug h July 2041. 
 
 We utilize registered trademarks in the U.S., Europe and Asia to identify various products that we manufacture. The trademarks survive as long as they are in use and the registrations of these trademarks are renewed. 
 
 Government Contracts 
 
 We must comply with and are affected by laws and regulations relating to the award, administration, and performance of U.S. Government contracts. Government contract laws and regulations affect how we do business with our customers and, in some instances, impose added costs on our business. A violation of specific laws and regulations could result in the imposition of fines and penalties or the termination of our contracts or debarment from bidding on contracts. These fines and penalties could be imposed for failing to follow procurement integrity and bidding rules, employing improper billing practices or otherwise failing to follow cost accounting standards, receiving or paying kickbacks, or filing false claims. We have been, and expect to continue to be, subjected to audits and investigations by government agencies. The failure to comply with the terms of our government contracts could harm our business reputation. It could also result in our progress payments being withheld. 

6

Table of Contents 

In some instances, these laws and regulations impose terms or rights that are more favorable to the government than those typically available to commercial parties in negotiated transactions. For example, the U.S. Government may terminate any of our government contracts and, in general, subcontracts, at its convenience as well as for default based on performance. Upon termination for convenience of a fixed-price type contract, we normally are entitled to receive the purchase price for delivered items, reimbursement for allowable costs for work-in-process, and an allowance for profit on work actually completed on the contract or adjustment for loss if completion of performance would have resulted in a loss. Upon termination for convenience of a Federal Government cost reimbursement contract, we normally are entitled to reimbursement of allowable costs plus a portion of the fee. Such allowable costs would normally include our cost to terminate agreements with our suppliers and subcontractors. The amount of the fee recovered, if any, is related to the portion of the work accomplished prior to termination and is determined by negotiation. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 In the People's Republic of China ("PRC"), the availability of labor is cyclical and is significantly affected by the migration of workers in relation to the annual Lunar New Year holiday. Each year following the Lunar New Year holiday, we must assess the worker return rate and whether it is adequate to meet the needs of current demand from our customers. Accordingly, we must continually recruit and train new workers to replace those lost to attrition each year and to address peaks in demand that may occur from time to time. This temporary setback in production has historically resulted in our first quarter sales being the lowest sales quarter of the year. Further, recruiting and training efforts and related inefficiencies, as well as overtime required in order to meet demand, can add volatility to the costs incurred by the Company for labor in the PRC, primarily during the first quarter of the year. 
 
 Government Regulations 
 
 The Company is subject to various government regulations in the United States as well as various jurisdictions where it operates. These regulations cover several diverse areas including trade compliance, anti-bribery, anti-corruption, money laundering, and data and privacy protection. Regulatory or government authorities where the Company operates may have enforcement powers that can subject the company to legal penalties or other measures and can impose changes or conditions in the way it conducts business. 
 
 Human Capital Resources, Strategy and Management 
 
 At Bel, our values guide everything we do. We are committed to the highest standards of ethical and legal conduct and have created an environment where open and honest communication is the expectation, not the exception. Failing to do so puts Bel s name, reputation for integrity and business at risk. We hold all employees of Bel (our associates) to this standard and offer the same in return. Our Code of Ethics was created to ensure that our associates, officers, directors, partners, contractors, and suppliers follow our commitment to customer satisfaction in accordance with ethical and legal standards, guided by the basic, unchanging principle of integrity. 
 
 Our Human Capital Strategy is built around four areas: 
 
 Extraordinary Performance 
 
 Our associates are a critical driver of Bel s global business results. On December 31, 2022, Bel employed approximatel y 7,000 associates, almost all of which are full-time, across 15 countries, with 29 per cent located within North America. Outside of the United States, our largest employee populations were located within the PRC, Mexico, Slovakia, the Dominican Republic, India and the United Kingdom. We regularly monitor various key performance indicators around the key human capital priorities of attracting, retaining, and engaging our global talent. In addition, we enable the execution of our strategic priorities by providing all associates with access to training and development opportunities to improve critical skill sets. 

7

Table of Contents 

Great Associates 
 
 Bel is committed to fostering an inclusive environment that respects and encourages individual differences, diversity of thought, and talent. We strive to create a workplace where associates feel that their contributions are welcomed and valued, allowing them to fully utilize their talents while achieving personal satisfaction in their respective roles within Bel. 
 
 Across the organization, we invest in our people to learn in a variety of ways - on the job, in the classroom, through self-directed learning, and through leadership programs. We have expanded our learning management system to make new content and training available to our associates. The Company has advanced its leadership development programs and continues to enhance internship and apprenticeship programs to develop new talent.

Health and Safety 
 
 Bel offers a variety of programs globally to protect the health and safety of our associates. While we maintain targets for year-over-year reduction of the total recordable incident rate and serious injuries, our goal is always zero. 
 
 In 2022, our focu s continued to be on the immediate demands within the context of COVID-19 challenges. Where possible, our associates continue to work remotely and in the office on a hybrid schedule. There are additional safeguards in our plants consistent with the guidelines provided by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and other health organizations around the world. In addition, the Company continues to implement a variety of programs globally to protect the physical and mental health and safety of our associates through awareness training and wellness programs. See "The Effects of COVID-19 on Bel s Business" in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of how COVID-19 is currently impacting our business. 
 
 Culture 
 
 In an increasingly competitive global marketplace, Bel succeeds when we attract and retain the best talent that is reflective of the diversity of the communities in which we work and live. 
 
 We are committed to increasing the diversity of our workforce by participating in networking and community events and actively recruiting and hiring veterans, women, minorities, and individuals with disabilities. 
 
 As a global leader in delivering reliable solutions, Bel has signed a Statement of Support Program declaration to show support for National Guard and Reserve member associates coordinated by the Department of Defense's Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve (ESGR) program. The intent of the program is to increase employer support by encouraging employers to act as advocates for associate participation in the military. 
 
 The global Human Resources team members are strategically placed, primarily in manufacturing facilities, to provide support to all our associates. The mission of Human Resources is to attract, retain and engage the best people. We create a positive work environment where associates can make a difference. 
 
 As a company that has been in business for over 70 years, Bel understands the importance of trust, integrity and accountability at all levels of the organization. Our policies, practices and priorities are continually reviewed to align with the best interests of our associates, shareholders and other stakeholders. 
 
 Environmental, Social and Governance ESG 
 
 Bel is committed to creating a better tomorrow by understanding how our actions impact the world around us. We aim to accomplish this by making tangible steps, big and small, to invest in our communities, to seek to minimize environmental impact and to promote alignment of interest among stakeholders. As an organization that thrives on learning and continuous improvement, Bel welcomes and embraces change. The below sections outline some recent developments at Bel as we work to drive continuous improvements in these areas. 

8

Table of Contents 

Global Director of ESG 
 
 In November 2022 Bel appointed a Global Director of ESG. This new dedicated role will allow the Company to embark on a series of initiatives aimed at improving Bel s commitment to its ESG program. 
 
 ESG Committee 
 
 The first internal (operations-level) ESG Committee was formed in early December of 2022. The purpose of the ESG Committee is to support the Company s ongoing commitment to ESG matters including environmental stewardship, health and safety, corporate social responsibility, corporate governance, sustainability, and other related issues of significance to the Company. 
 
 The ESG Committee aims to: 

Define ESG priorities, objectives and strategy with the goal of further integrating sustainability into the Company s strategy and operations, subject to the oversight and overall direction of the Nominating and ESG Committee of our Board of Directors (as described below); 

Oversee and coordinate the implementation of the Company s ESG initiatives at the operational level; 

Assist the Nominating and ESG Committee of our Board of Directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to the Company s ESG efforts; and 

Monitor and assess developments relating to and improving the Company s understanding of ESG matters. 

The members of the ESG Committee include senior executives and associates from various regions and business segments while taking into account each person s expertise in relevant disciplines, such as environmental, health and safety, operations, marketing, legal, investor relations, corporate governance, finance, and human resources. 
 
 Board-Level Oversight of ESG Matters 
 
 In October 2022, Bel s Board of Directors approved an expanded role for its Nominating Committee, broadening the purposes and functions of such committee to include oversight and monitoring of ESG matters, and re-designating the committee as the Nominating and ESG Committee in recognition of these new responsibilities. In accordance with the amended charter of the Nominating and ESG Committee, a copy of which can be found at https://ir.belfuse.com/corporate-governance, certain oversight functions were added including: 

To oversee the Company s corporate governance initiatives and periodically consider, and report to the Board on, such initiatives and applicable policies, including development and periodic review of corporate governance guidelines for the Company; and 

To assist the Board in overseeing and monitoring the Company s environmental, social and corporate governance policies, activities, practices and initiatives, including matters relating to sustainability, environmental stewardship, corporate social responsibility including ethical business practices, corporate culture and health and safety programs, and other public issues of significance which affect investors and other key stakeholders including such other matters that may be referred to the Committee by the Board from time to time. 

Bel s internal ESG Committee provides updates to either the Nominating and ESG Committee or to the full Board on a quarterly basis. 

9

Table of Contents 

Environmental 
 
 At Bel, we understand the impact of climate change upon so many aspects of our lives and our future, and we are committed to reducing environmental impact for a more sustainable tomorrow. We consistently look for alternatives and approaches to consider in Bel s business and strategies at multiple levels, from improving the efficiency ratings of our products and factories to better managing our consumption habits of electricity and water. 
 
 Bel is currently in the process of reviewing and assessing its practices to ensure consistency and alignment across its major manufacturing sites globally. During the fourth quarter of 2022, Bel launched a Company-wide effort to assess our current position in terms of environmental impact, greenhouse gas emissions and associate health and safety. We expect these results will provide a roadmap for driving and standardizing future initiatives. 
 
 Today we have 22 manufacturing facilities of various sizes and five of them are ISO 14001 certified and represent 61 of our manufacturing footprint. These five sites have been measuring their consumption levels of natural gas, electricity and water and have targets in place for reducing consumption and waste and improving recycling efforts. For the rest of our manufacturing sites, we intend to follow an approach comparable to the template laid out with these five as we begin the process of better understanding our impact. 
 
 Social 
 
 Associates are the cornerstone of our business and key to our success. At Bel, we believe in the need for diversity and inclusion that reflects the communities in which we work and live. Associates are encouraged to bring with them their unique perspectives, opinions and experiences as they work for the betterment of Bel, its customers and the locations in which we operate. Bel recognizes its role in the global community and giving back is a priority. From coaching their local sports team to raising funds for local charities of choice, Bel supports and encourages our associates participation in these types of activities. 
 
 2022 Charitable Contribution Program: 
 
 In 2022, Bel launched a Company-wide Charitable Contribution Program to ensure consistency and drive our corporate values across the organization. The social program is in alignment with our Core Value of Community Engagement and directly reflects the ambitions of our ESG initiative to support the global communities within which we operate. The fundraising took place across 15 countries resulting in donations to 68 local charities. In addition, there was a matching program for the organizations selected and associates who donated. 
 
 Governance 
 
 As a company that has been in business for over 70 years, Bel understands the importance of trust, integrity and accountability at all levels of the organization. Recent additions to our Board and executive management team have brought greater diversity and new perspectives to Bel. We intend that our policies, practices and priorities will be periodically and continually reviewed as appropriate to better align with the best interests of our shareholders, associates and other stakeholders. 
 
 In addition to the establishment of Board-level ESG oversight pursuant to the Nominating and ESG Committee s expanded role and the creation of Bel s internal ESG Committee as discussed above, in February 2023, the Board adopted Bel s Corporate Governance Guidelines which are available at https://ir.belfuse.com/corporate-governance. These guidelines, which are designed to enhance the Company s corporate governance, will serve as a framework withing which the Board will conduct its business, subject to applicable laws, regulations, listing requirements, and the Company s organizational documents and Board committee charters. 
 
 Bel is committed to a better tomorrow. With a solid foundation and oversight functions having been established, we expect ESG to be an ongoing journey of continuous improvement. 
 
 The foregoing discussion of ESG matters contains Forward-Looking Statements. See "Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Information." 
 
 Available Information 
 
 We maintain a website at www.belfuse.com where we make available free of charge the proxy statements, press releases, registration statements and reports on Forms 3, 4, 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act that we (and in the case of Section 16 reports, our insiders) file with the SEC. These forms are made available as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Press releases are also issued via electronic transmission to provide access to our financial and product news, and we provide notification of and access to voice and internet broadcasts of our quarterly and annual results. Our website also includes investor presentations and corporate governance materials. The information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. 

10

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 The risks described below should be carefully considered before making an investment decision. These are the risk factors that we consider to be material, but they are not the only risk factors that should be considered in making an investment decision. This Form 10-K also contains Forward-Looking Statements that involve risks and uncertainties. See the "Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Information," above. Our business, consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of the risk factors described below, under "Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Information" or with respect to specific Forward-Looking Statements presented herein. The trading price of our securities could decline due to any of these risks, and investors in our securities may lose all or part of their investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business in the future. Except as required by the federal securities law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any risk factor, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 STRATEGIC RISKS 
 
 We conduct business in a highly competitive industry. 
 
 Our business operates in a globally competitive industry, with relatively low barriers to entry. We compete principally on the basis of product performance, quality, reliability, depth of product line, customer service, technological innovation, design, delivery time and price. The industry in which we operate has become increasingly concentrated and globalized in recent years and our major competitors, many of which are larger than Bel, have significant financial resources and technological capabilities. 
 
 Our intellectual property rights may not be adequately protected under the current state of the law. 
 
 Our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights through patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws in the United States and in other countries may not prevent misappropriation, and our failure or inability to protect our proprietary rights could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and future prospects. A third party could, without authorization, copy or otherwise appropriate our proprietary information. Our agreements with employees and others who participate in development activities could be breached, we may not have adequate remedies for any breach, and our trade secrets may otherwise become known or independently developed by competitors. 
 
 Our acquisitions may not produce the anticipated results. 
 
 A significant portion of our growth has been attributable to acquisitions. We cannot assure that we will identify or successfully complete transactions with suitable acquisition candidates in the future. If an acquired business fails to operate as anticipated or cannot be successfully integrated with our other businesses, our results of operations, enterprise value, market value and prospects could all be materially and adversely affected. Integration of new acquisitions into our consolidated operations may result in lower average operating results for the group as a whole, and may divert management's focus from the ongoing operations of the Company during the integration period. 
 
 Our strategy also focuses on the reduction of selling, general and administrative expenses through the integration or elimination of redundant sales facilities and administrative functions at acquired companies. If we are unable to achieve our expectations with respect to our acquisitions, such inability could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations. If the acquisitions fail to perform up to our expectations, or if there is a weakening of economic conditions, we could be required to record impairment charges on the goodwill associated with our acquisitions. 
 
 We are dependent on our ability to develop new products. 
 
 Our future operating results are dependent, in part, on our ability to develop, produce and market new and more technologically advanced products. There are numerous risks inherent in this process, including the risks that we will be unable to anticipate the direction of technological change or that we will be unable to timely develop and bring to market new products and applications to meet customers' changing needs. 

11

Table of Contents 

OPERATIONAL RISKS 
 
 Our global operations and demand for our products face risks related to health epidemics such as the coronavirus. 
 
 Any outbreaks of contagious diseases and other adverse public health developments in countries where we operate could have a material and adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. In January 2020, the outbreak of COVID-19 was first identified. In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a pandemic, variants of which continue to spread and have ramifications throughout and upon the U.S. and the world. Over the past three years, our business was impacted by temporary facility closures, shelter-in-place orders and challenges related to travel restrictions imposed by the local governmental authorities. Our suppliers, customers and our customers contract manufacturers have experienced similar challenges from time to time throughout the pandemic. The ongoing impact and continuing and future effects from the rapidly changing U.S. and global market and economic conditions due to the COVID-19 outbreak is uncertain, with disruptions to the business of our customers and suppliers, which have impacted, and could continue to impact, our business and consolidated results of operations and financial condition. During March 2022, the PRC government issued a notice with immediate effect whereby certain regions were temporarily shut down to perform widespread testing in response to a COVID outbreak in those regions and in accordance with Beijing s "zero-tolerance" policy at the time. Our Bel Power Solutions manufacturing facility in Shenzhen, China and our Magnetics TRP manufacturing facility in Changping, China were closed for approximately one week during the month of March 2022 while residents underwent testing. Upon the discontinuation of COVID protocols in the PRC in late 2022, we experienced approximately 3-4 weeks between December 2022 and January 2023 where the attendance rate of workers at our factories in the PRC were very low due to COVID outbreaks in the regions in which we operate. 
 
 As the status of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, additional Bel facilities could become negatively impacted. COVID-19 remains a potential supply continuity risk due to the unknown nature of future outbreaks including as a result of the emergence of further COVID-19 virus variants. The extent to which COVID-19 will impact our business and our consolidated financial results will depend on future developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at the time of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See "The Effects of COVID-19 on Bel s Business" in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of how COVID-19 is currently impacting our business. 
 
 We may experience labor unrest. 
 
 As we periodically implement transfers of certain of our operations, we may experience strikes or other types of labor unrest as a result of lay-offs or termination of employees in higher labor cost countries. Our manufacturing facilities in the United Kingdom and Mexico are represented by labor unions and substantially all of our factory workers in the PRC are represented by government-sponsored unions. 
 
 We may experience labor shortages. 
 
 Government, economic, social and labor policies in the PRC may cause shortages of factory labor in areas where we have some of our products manufactured. Further, availability of labor in the PRC is cyclical and is significantly affected by the migration of workers in relation to the annual Lunar New Year holiday. If we are required to manufacture more of these products outside of the PRC as a result of such shortages, our margins will likely be materially adversely affected. 
 
 A shortage of availability or an increase in the cost of raw materials, components and other resources may adversely impact our ability to procure these items at cost effective prices and thus may negatively impact profit margins. Additionally, inflationary pressures could result in higher input costs and materially adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 Our results of operations may be materially adversely impacted by difficulties in obtaining raw materials, supplies, power, labor, natural resources and any other items needed for the production of our products, as well as by the effects of quality deviations in raw materials and the effects of significant fluctuations in the prices of existing inventories and purchase commitments for these materials. Many of these materials and components are produced by a limited number of suppliers and their availability to us may be constrained by supplier capacity. Beginning in the third quarter of 2021, pandemic-related issues have created additional port congestion and intermittent supplier shutdowns and delays, resulting in additional expenses to expedite delivery of critical parts. A further increase in demand for electronic components within the industry had led to incremental direct and indirect supply chain challenges related to raw material availability and logistics which persisted throughout 2022. We expect this environment to continue through at least the first half of 2023. Any material disruption could materially adversely affect our financial results. In addition, inflationary pressures could result in higher input costs, including those related to our raw materials, labor, freight, utilities, healthcare and other expenses. Our future operating results will depend, in part, on our continued ability to manage these fluctuations through pricing actions, cost savings initiatives and sourcing decisions, and any negative impact of inflation could materially adversely affect our financial results. See The Effects of COVID-19 on Bel s Business and "Other Key Factors Affecting our Business" in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of how pricing and availability of materials is currently impacting our business. 

12

Table of Contents 

We have sub stantial manufacturing operations located in the PRC , which exposes us to significant risks that could materially and adversely affect our business, operations, consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. 
 
 The majority of Bel's Magnetic Solutions manufacturing capacity and supplier base is located in the PRC, as is a portion of Bel's Power Solutions and Protection group. As of December 31, 2022, 56 of our associates, 68 of our owned or leased manufacturing facilities (by square footage) and 35 of our Company s tangible assets were all located in the PRC. Our Company s presence and operations in the PRC expose us to significant risks that could materially and adversely affect our Company and our business, operations, financial position and results of operations. 
 
 For example, our significant operational presence in the PRC exposes us to foreign currency exchange risk. Our PRC-based manufacturing associates salaries, and other labor and overhead costs, associated with our PRC operations are paid in the Chinese renminbi. As a result, the cost of our operations and our consolidated operating results may be adversely impacted by the effects of fluctuations in the applicable exchange rate for the renminbi as compared to the U.S dollar. 
 
 Our significant labor force based within the PRC subjects us to risks associated with staffing and managing this substantial complement of factory workers and other associates who are important to our Company s operations and success. As noted above, factory workers in the PRC are represented by government-sponsored unions, and are participants in a cyclical labor market that may become subject to shortages including as a result of PRC government policies. See We may experience labor unrest and We may experience labor shortages above. Wage rates in the PRC have been increasing in recent years as PRC government-mandated increases in the minimum wage rate have caused an increase in our overall pay scale for our PRC workers. 
 
 The PRC government has broad authority and discretion to regulate the economy, manufacturing, industry, and the technology sector, among other areas generally. As a result, our activities and operations in the PRC as well as those of our PRC-based suppliers are subject to extensive local government regulation. Additionally, the PRC government has implemented policies from time to time to regulate economic expansion. It exercises significant control over its economic growth through the allocation of resources, setting monetary policy and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or companies. Any additional new regulations or the amendment of previously implemented regulations could require us to change our business plans, increase our costs, or limit our ability to manufacture and sell products domestically and/or otherwise restrict or curtail our operations in the PRC. To the extent our suppliers in the PRC are negatively impacted by new or amended regulations, any such negative implications could adversely impact our supply chain, including in the form of increased costs, disruptions, shortages or unavailability of product or component parts, and/or other deleterious consequences, which could materially adversely affect our business and operating results. In late 2022, there were widespread COVID outbreaks, due to relaxing of government mandates, at our factories and those related to our supply chain in the PRC. While these events did not have a material impact on our business and are not presently ongoing as of the date of this filing, any prolonged shutdown of our or our suppliers' factories (or other interference or limitation of production capacity resulting from other PRC infrastructure issues or government regulations, policies, mandates or otherwise), could cause significant disruption to our supply chain and/or Bel's ability to manufacture its products, and have a materially adverse effect on our business and operating results. 

13

Table of Contents 

Our significant manufacturing operations in the PRC also expose us to other risks. Risks inherent in our PRC operations include the following: 

changes in import, export, transportation regulations and tariffs, and risks associated with boycotts and embargoes; 

changes in, or impositions of, legislative or regulatory requirements or restrictions, including tax and trade laws in the U.S. and in the PRC, and government action to restrict our ability to sell to customers where sales of products may require export licenses; 

transportation delays and other supply chain issues; 

changes in tax regulations in the U.S. and/or the PRC, including restrictions and/or taxes applicable to the transfer or repatriation of funds; 

international political relationships, including the relationship between the U.S. and the PRC; 

epidemics and illnesses (including COVID-19, and any new variants that may emerge) within the PRC that affect the areas in which we operate and manufacture our products; 

economic, social and political instability; 

longer accounts receivable collection cycles and difficulties in collecting accounts receivables; 

less effective protection of intellectual property and contractual arrangements, and risks associated with enforcing contracts and legal rights and remedies generally; 

uncertainties associated with the PRC legal system, which is based on civil law, can involve protected proceedings involving substantial judicial discretion, and is based in part on PRC government policies and internal rules, some of which are not published on a timely basis, or at all, and may have retroactive effect; 

risks arising out of any changes in governmental and economic policy and the potential for adverse developments arising out of any political or economic instability related to Hong Kong or Taiwan; 

the potential for political unrest, expropriation, nationalization, revolution, war or acts of terrorism; and 

risks associated with the concentration of a substantial portion of our manufacturing capacity and supplier base in the PRC. 

In addition to the risks associated with our PRC operations described above, the global nature of our operations generally subjects us to additional risks. We conduct operations in 15 countries, and outside of the United States (and the PRC), our largest manufacturing operations and associate populations are located within Mexico, Slovakia, the Dominican Republic, India and the United Kingdom. Please see the Risk Factor appearing below under the caption, The global nature of our operations exposes us to numerous risks that could materially adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. 
 
 The loss of certain substantial customers could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 17.6 of the Company's total net sales were sold to one ultimate end-user through various intermediary contract manufacturers. The largest Bel direct-customer was an intermediary contract manufacturer that manufactured and assembled products to various end customers, which represented 12.8 of our 2022 consolidated net sales. While Bel sells a diversified portfolio of products to this ultimate end-user, we believe that the loss of either of this ultimate end user and/or this intermediate contract manufacturer could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position and consolidated results of operations. We have experienced significant concentrations of customers in prior years. See Note 13, "Segments" for additional disclosures related to our significant customers. Furthermore, factors that negatively impact the businesses of our major customers could materially and adversely affect us even if the customer represents less than 10 of our 2022 consolidated net sales. 

14

Table of Contents 

We may not achieve all of the expected benefits from our restructuring programs. 
 
 In 2022, we announced restructuring plans related to four facility consolidations as further described in "Other Key Factors Affecting our Business" in Item 7 of this Annual Report. Management has estimated that these initiatives will result in restructuring costs of approximately 12 million 7.3 million of which was incurred through December 31, 2022), incremental capital expenditures of approximately 5 million and once complete, annualized cost savings of approximately 5 m illion. We made certain assumptions in estimating the anticipated savings we expect to achieve related to these initiatives, which include the estimated savings from the elimination of certain headcount and the consolidation of facilities. These assumptions may turn out to be incorrect due to a variety of factors. In addition, our ability to realize the expected benefits from these programs is subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. If we are unsuccessful in implementing these programs or if we do not achieve our expected results, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected or our business operations could be disrupted. As mentioned above, the amounts set forth in the foregoing including anticipated restructuring costs, incremental capital expenditure spend and annualized cost savings are the Company s current estimates based on information presently available to the Company, assumptions and circumstances as they exist in each case at the time of filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and are subject to change. See "Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Information." 
 
 There are risks related to the implementation of our new global enterprise resource planning system. 
 
 We have been engaged in a multi-year process of conforming the majority of our operations onto one global enterprise resource planning system ("ERP"). The ERP is designed to improve the efficiency of our supply chain and financial transaction processes, accurately maintain our books and records, and provide information important to the operation of the business to our management team. While this project is substantially complete, the conversion of recent acquisitions onto the new ERP system, or any significant deficiency in the design and implementation of the ERP could negatively impact data processing and electronic communications among business locations, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition or consolidated results of operations. 
 
 FINANCIAL RISKS 
 
 There are several factors which can cause our margins to suffer. 
 
 Our margins could be substantially impacted by the following factors. 

Declines in Selling Prices : The average selling prices for our products tend to decrease over their life cycles, and customers put pressure on suppliers to lower prices even when production costs are increasing. Further, increased competition from low-cost suppliers around the world has put additional pressures on pricing. Any drop in demand for our products or increase in supply of competitive products could also cause a dramatic drop in our average sales prices. 

Increases in Material Costs : While we continually strive to negotiate better pricing for components and raw materials, there are many factors that could lead to higher material costs, or premiums incurred for expedited orders, including an increase in industry demand for or supplier shortages of certain components, or inflationary pressures. Further, commodity prices, especially those pertaining to gold, copper and silver, can be volatile. Fluctuations in these prices and other commodity prices associated with Bel's raw materials will have a corresponding impact on our profit margins. 

Increases in Labor Costs : Wage rates, particularly in the PRC, Mexico and Slovakia where the majority of our manufacturing associates are located, have been gradually increasing in recent years as government-mandated increases in the minimum wage rate in these jurisdictions cause an increase in our overall pay scale. Labor costs can also be impacted by fluctuations in the exchange rates in which local wages are paid as compared to the U.S. dollar. 

Profit margins will be materially and adversely impacted if we are not able to reduce our costs of production, introduce technological innovations as sales prices decline, or pass through cost increases to customers. 
 
 Our backlog figures may not be reliable indicators. 
 
 Many of the orders that comprise our backlog may be delayed, accelerated or canceled by customers without penalty. Customers may on occasion double order from multiple sources to ensure timely delivery when lead times are particularly long. Customers often cancel orders when business is weak and inventories are excessive. Additional factors that could cause the Company to fail to ship orders comprising our backlog include unanticipated supply difficulties, changes in customer demand and new customer designs. Throughout 2022, Bel has faced macroeconomic and global supply chain challenges, and these conditions are expected to continue through at least the first half of 2023. Due to the foregoing factors, we cannot be certain that the amount of our backlog equals or exceeds the level of orders that will ultimately be delivered, and backlog may not be a reliable indicator of the timing of future sales. Our results of operations could be adversely impacted if customers cancel a material portion of orders in our backlog. 
 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful. 
 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments on or refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. We may be unable to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. 

15

Table of Contents 

If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay acquisitions, investments and capital expenditures or to dispose of material assets or operations, seek additional debt or equity capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. We may not be able to effect any such alternative measures on commercially reasonable terms or at all and, even if successful, those alternative actions may not allow us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. Our credit agreement restricts our ability to dispose of assets and use the proceeds from those dispositions and may also restrict our ability to raise debt or equity capital to be used to repay other indebtedness when it becomes due. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain proceeds in an amount sufficient to meet any debt service obligations then due. 
 
 Our inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all, would materially and adversely affect our consolidated financial position and consolidated results of operations. If we cannot make scheduled payments on our debt, we will be in default, the lenders under the credit agreement could terminate their commitments to loan money, the lenders could foreclose against the assets securing their borrowings and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. 
 
 Our level of indebtedness could negatively impact our access to the capital markets and our ability to satisfy financial covenants under our existing credit agreement. 
 
 Our U.S. debt service requirements are significant in relation to our U.S. revenue and cash flow. This leverage exposes us to risk in the event of downturns in our business, in our industry or in the economy generally, and may impair our operating flexibility and our ability to compete effectively. Our current credit agreement requires us to maintain certain covenant ratios. If we do not continue to satisfy these required ratios or receive waivers from our lenders, we will be in default under the credit agreement, which could result in an accelerated maturity of our debt obligations. We cannot assure investors that we will be able to access private or public debt or equity on satisfactory terms, or at all. Any equity financing that could be arranged may dilute existing shareholders and any debt financing that could be arranged may result in the imposition of more stringent financial and operating covenants. 
 
 LEGAL, TAX AND REGULATORY RISKS 
 
 We may be sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights and we may incur defense costs and possibly royalty obligations or lose the right to use technology important to our business. 
 
 From time to time, we receive claims by third parties asserting that our products violate their intellectual property rights. Any intellectual property claims, with or without merit, could be time consuming and expensive to litigate or settle and could divert management attention from administering our business. A third party asserting infringement claims against us or our customers with respect to our current or future products may materially and adversely affect us by, for example, causing us to enter into costly royalty arrangements or forcing us to incur settlement or litigation costs. 
 
 We are subject to taxation in multiple jurisdictions. As a result, any adverse development in the tax laws of any of these jurisdictions or any disagreement with our tax positions could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition or consolidated results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to taxation in, and to the tax laws and regulations of, multiple jurisdictions as a result of the international scope of our operations and our corporate and financing structure. We are also subject to transfer pricing laws with respect to our intercompany transactions, including those relating to the flow of funds among our companies. Adverse developments in fiscal or tax laws, regulations or policies, or any change in position regarding the application, administration or interpretation thereof, in any applicable jurisdiction, could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition or consolidated results of our operations. In addition, the tax authorities in any applicable jurisdiction, including the United States, may disagree with the positions we have taken or intend to take regarding the tax treatment or characterization of any of our transactions. If any applicable tax authorities, including U.S. tax authorities, were to successfully challenge the tax treatment or characterization of any of our transactions, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition or consolidated results of our operations. 
 
 Our results of operations may be materially and adversely impacted by environmental and other regulations. 
 
 Our manufacturing operations, products and/or product packaging are subject to environmental laws and regulations governing air emissions; wastewater discharges; the handling, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances, wastes and certain chemicals used or generated in our manufacturing processes; employee health and safety labeling or other notifications with respect to the content or other aspects of our processes, products or packaging; restrictions on the use of certain materials in or on design aspects of our products or product packaging; and, responsibility for disposal of products or product packaging. Discussions and proposals related to gas emissions and climate change have increasingly become the subject of substantial attention; additional regulation in this area could have the effect of restricting our business operations or increasing our operating costs. More stringent environmental regulations may be enacted in the future, and we cannot presently determine the modifications, if any, in our operations that any such future regulations might require, or the cost of compliance with these regulations. 

16

Table of Contents 

ESG issues, including those related to climate change and sustainability, may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and could damage our reputation. 
 
 Companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny relating to their ESG policies. Increased focus and activism related to ESG may hinder our access to capital, as investors may reconsider their capital investment as a result of their assessment of our ESG practices. In particular, investors, customers and other stakeholders are increasingly focusing on environmental issues, including climate change, water use, waste and other sustainability concerns. Changing customer or consumer preferences may also result in increased demands regarding components and materials including packaging materials, including with respect to their environmental impact on sustainability. These demands could impact the profitability products, cause us to incur additional costs, to make changes to our operations, or to make additional commitments, set targets or establish additional goals and take actions to meet them, which could expose us to market, operational and execution costs or risks. In addition, governmental and non-governmental organizations, investors, customers, consumers, our employees and other stakeholders have placed increasing importance on ESG matters, and depending on their assessment of our ESG practices, certain investors may reconsider their investment in the Company. 
 
 Concern over climate change, waste, consumption or use of materials including packaging materials, may result in new or increased legal and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate impacts to the environment. Increased regulatory requirements, including in relation to various aspects of ESG including the SEC s recent disclosure proposal on climate change, or environmental causes may result in increased compliance or input costs of energy, raw materials or compliance with emissions standards, which may cause disruptions in the manufacture of our products or an increase in operating costs. We may undertake additional costs to control, assess and report on ESG metrics as the nature, scope and complexity of ESG reporting, diligence and disclosure requirements expand. Our ability to achieve any stated goal, target, or objective is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control. Any failure to achieve our ESG goals or ambitions or a perception (whether or not valid) of our failure to act responsibly with respect to the environment or to effectively respond to new, or changes in, legal or regulatory requirements concerning environmental or other ESG matters, or increased operating or manufacturing costs due to increased regulation or environmental causes could adversely affect our business and reputation. 
 
 If we do not adapt to or comply with new regulations, or fail to meet ESG goals or ambitions or evolving investor, industry or stakeholder expectations and standards, or if we are perceived to have not responded appropriately to the growing concern for ESG issues, customers may choose to stop purchasing our products or purchase products from another company or a competitor, and our reputation, business or financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 
 Expanding and evolving data privacy laws and regulations could impact our business and expose us to increased liability. 
 
 Our global business is subject to complex and changing laws and regulations including but not limited to privacy, data security and data localization. Evolving foreign events, including the effect of the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union, may adversely affect our revenues and could subject us to new regulatory costs and challenges (such as the transfer of personal data between the EU and the United Kingdom), in addition to other adverse effects that we are unable to effectively anticipate. This may impose significant requirements on how we collect, process and transfer personal data, as well as significant financial penalties for non-compliance. Any inability to adequately address privacy concerns, even if unfounded, or to comply with the more complex privacy or data protection laws, regulations and privacy standards, could lead to significant financial penalties, which may result in a material and adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations. 

17

Table of Contents 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK 
 
 As a result of protective provisions in the Company's certificate of incorporation, the voting power of holders of Class A common shares whose voting rights are not suspended (including officers, directors and principal shareholders) may be increased at future meetings of the Company's shareholders. 
 
 The Company's certificate of incorporation provides that if a shareholder, other than shareholders subject to specific exceptions, acquires (after the date of the Company's 1998 recapitalization) 10 or more of the outstanding Class A common stock and does not own an equal or greater percentage of all then outstanding shares of both Class A and Class B common stock (all of which common stock must have been acquired after the date of the 1998 recapitalization), such shareholder must, within 90 days of the trigger date, purchase Class B common shares, in an amount and at a price determined in accordance with a formula described in the Company's certificate of incorporation, or forfeit its right to vote its Class A common shares. As of February 28, 2023, to the Company's knowledge, there was one shareholder of the Company's common stock with ownership in excess of 10 of Class A outstanding shares with no ownership of the Company's Class B common stock and with no basis for exception from the operation of the above-mentioned provisions. In order to vote its shares at Bel's next shareholders' meeting, this shareholder must either purchase the required number of Class B common shares or sell or otherwise transfer Class A common shares until its Class A holdings are under 10 . As of February 28, 2023, to the Company's knowledge, this shareholder owned 17.9 of the Company's Class A common stock and had not taken steps to either purchase the required number of Class B common shares or sell or otherwise transfer Class A common shares until its Class A holdings fall below 10 . Unless and until this situation is satisfied in a manner permitted by the Company's Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the subject shareholder will not be permitted to vote its shares of common stock. 
 
 To the extent that the voting rights of particular holders of Class A common stock are suspended as of times when the Company's shareholders vote due to the above-mentioned provisions, such suspension will have the effect of increasing the voting power of those holders of Class A common shares whose voting rights are not suspended. As of February 28, 2023, Daniel Bernstein, the Company's Chief Executive Officer, beneficially ow ned 381,720 C lass A common shares (o r 21.7 of the outstanding Class A common shares whose voting rights were not suspended, and all directors and current executive officers as a group (which includes Daniel Bernstein) beneficially owne d 397,505 Class A common shares (or 22.4 o f the outstanding Class A common shares whose voting rights were not suspended. 
 
 Our stock price, like that of many companies, has been and may continue to be volatile. 
 
 The market price of our common stock may fluctuate as a result of variations in our quarterly operating results and other factors beyond our control. These fluctuations may be exaggerated if the trading volume of our common stock is low. The market price of our common stock may rise and fall in response to a variety of other factors, including: 

announcements of technological or competitive developments; 

general market or economic conditions; 

the continuing and uncertain future impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our operations and supply chain; 

market or economic conditions specific to particular geographical areas in which we operate; 

acquisitions or strategic alliances by us or our competitors; 

our ability to achieve our anticipated cost savings from announced restructuring programs; 

the gain or loss of a significant customer or order; or 

changes in estimates of our financial performance or changes in recommendations by securities analysts regarding us or our industry 

In addition, equity securities of many companies have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations even in periods when the capital markets generally are not distressed. These price and volume fluctuations often have been unrelated to the operating performance of the affected companies. 

18

Table of Contents 

GENERAL RISKS 
 
 The global nature of our operations exposes us to numerous risks that could materially adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations . 
 
 We operate in 15 countries, and our products are distributed in those countries as well as in other parts of the world. A large portion of our manufacturing operations are located outside of the United States and a large portion of our sales are generated outside of the United States. Operations outside of the United States, particularly operations in developing regions, are subject to various risks that may not be present or as significant for our U.S. operations. Economic uncertainty in some of the geographic regions in which we operate, including developing regions, could result in the disruption of commerce and negatively impact cash flows from our operations in those areas. 
 
 Risks inherent in our international operations include: 

COVID-19-related closures and other pandemic-related uncertainties in the countries in which we operate; 

Import and export regulations that could erode profit margins or restrict exports; 

Foreign exchange controls and tax rates; 

Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, including devaluations; 

Changes in regional and local economic conditions, including local inflationary pressures; 

Difficulty of enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through certain foreign legal systems; 

Variations in protection of intellectual property and other legal rights; 

More expansive legal rights of foreign unions or works councils; 

Changes in labor conditions and difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; 

Inability or regulatory limitations on our ability to move goods across borders; 

Changes in laws and regulations, including the laws and policies of the United States affecting trade, tariffs and foreign investment; 

Restrictive governmental actions such as those on transfer or repatriation of funds and trade protection matters, including antidumping duties, tariffs, trade wars, embargoes and prohibitions or restrictions on acquisitions or joint ventures; 

Social plans that prohibit or increase the cost of certain restructuring actions; 

The uncertainty surrounding the effect of the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union; 

The potential for nationalization of enterprises or facilities; and 

Unsettled political conditions and possible terrorist attacks against U.S. or other interests. 

As a multi-national company, we are faced with increased complexities due to recent changes to the U.S. corporate tax code relating to our unremitted foreign earnings, potential revisions to international tax law treaties, and renegotiated trade deals. In addition, other events, such as the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union and the ongoing discussion and negotiations concerning varying levels of tariffs on product imported from the PRC also create a level of uncertainty. If we are unable to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks, it could have a material and adverse effect on our business, our consolidated results of operations and consolidated financial condition. 
 
 The recent political tensions and armed conflict involving Russia and Ukraine continues to evolve and we are closely monitoring this dynamic situation. The Company has indefinitely ceased all shipments of product to customers in Russia. The Company's operations in Slovakia have not been, and are not currently expected to be, impacted by the political instability of the Russia-Ukraine conflict as our facility is not in close proximity to the Ukraine border. We do not currently anticipate any material impact to the Company's financial results. 
 
 For additional information regarding risks associated with our operations in the PRC, see the discussion set forth above under the caption, We have substantial manufacturing operations located in the PRC, which exposes us to significant risks that could materially and adversely affect our business, operations, consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. 

19

Table of Contents 

Cyber risk and the failure to maintain the integrity of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties with which we do business, could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. 
 
 Cyber threats, including but not limited to malware, phishing, credential harvesting, ransomware and other attacks, are rapidly evolving and are becoming increasingly sophisticated, making it difficult to detect and prevent such threats from impacting the Company. Our Company has seen an increased volume of cyber threats and ransomware attempts throughout the COVID-19 pandemic and expects to continue to experience cyber threats from time to time, which pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. Disruptions or failures in the physical infrastructure or operating systems that support our businesses and customers, or cyber-attacks or security breaches of our networks or systems, could result in the loss of customers and business opportunities, legal liability, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, other litigation, regulatory and legal risks and the costs associated therewith, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensatory costs, remediation costs, increased cybersecurity protection costs, additional compliance costs, increased insurance premiums, and lost revenues, damage to the Company's competitiveness, stock price, and long-term shareholder value, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. While we attempt to mitigate these risks, our systems, networks, products, solutions and services remain potentially vulnerable to advanced and persistent threats. We also maintain and have access to sensitive, confidential or personal data or information in certain of our businesses that is subject to privacy and security laws and regulations. Despite our efforts to protect such sensitive, confidential or personal data or information, our facilities and systems and those of our customers and third-party service providers may be vulnerable to security breaches, theft, fraud, misplaced or lost data, Acts of God , programming and/or human errors that could lead to the compromising of sensitive, confidential or personal data or information, improper use of our systems, software solutions or networks, unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of information, defective products, production downtimes and operational disruptions, which in turn could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. 
 
 A loss of the services of the Company's executive officers or other skilled associates could negatively impact our operations and results. 
 
 The success of the Company's operations is largely dependent upon the performance of its executive officers, managers, engineers and sale speople. Many of these individuals have a significant number of years of experience within the Company and/or the industry in which we compete and would be extremely difficult to replace. The loss of the services of any of these associates may materially and adversely impact our results of operations if we are unable to replace them in a timely manner. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

20

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 The Company is headquartered in Jersey City, New Jersey, where it currently owns 14,000 square feet of office space. In addition to its facility in Jersey City, New Jersey, the Company occupies 307,000 square feet at 19 non-manufacturing facilities, which are used primarily for management, financial accounting, engineering, sales and administrative support. Of this space, the Company leases 200,000 square feet in 14 facilities and owns properties of 107,000 square feet. 
 
 The Company also operate d 22 manufacturing facilities in 8 coun tries as of December 31, 2022. Approximately 15 of the 2.8 million square feet the Company occupies is owned while the remainder is leased. See Note 18, "Commitments and Contingencies", for additional information pertaining to leases. 
 
 The following is a list of the locations of the Company's principal manufacturing facilities at December 31, 2022: 

Location 
 
 Approximate Square Feet 
 
 Product Group Produced at Facility 
 
 Owned/ Leased 
 
 Percentage Used for Manufacturing 

Dongguan, People's Republic of China 

661,000 
 
 Magnetic Solutions 
 
 Leased 

36 

Pingguo, People's Republic of China 

251,000 
 
 Magnetic Solutions 
 
 Leased 

71 

Shenzhen, People's Republic of China 

227,000 
 
 Power Solutions Protection 
 
 Leased 

100 

Zhongshan, People's Republic of China 

302,000 
 
 All three product groups 
 
 Leased 

85 

Zhongshan, People's Republic of China 

118,000 
 
 All three product groups 
 
 Owned 

100 

Zhongshan, People's Republic of China 

78,000 
 
 All three product groups 
 
 Owned 

100 

Guangxi, People's Republic of China 

229,000 
 
 Magnetic Solutions 
 
 Leased 

56 

Mumbai, India 

56,000 
 
 Power Solutions Protection 
 
 Leased 

46 

Louny, Czech Republic 

11,000 
 
 Connectivity Solutions 
 
 Owned 

75 

Dubnica nad Vahom, Slovakia 

35,000 
 
 Power Solutions Protection 
 
 Owned 

100 

Dubnica nad Vahom, Slovakia 

70,000 
 
 Power Solutions Protection 
 
 Leased 

100 

Worksop, United Kingdom 

51,000 
 
 Connectivity Solutions 
 
 Leased 

28 

Chelmsford, United Kingdom 

17,000 
 
 Connectivity Solutions 
 
 Leased 

80 

Sudbury, United Kingdom 

12,000 
 
 Connectivity Solutions 
 
 Leased 

90 

Dominican Republic 

33,000 
 
 Magnetic Solutions 
 
 Leased 

85 

Cananea, Mexico 

30,000 
 
 Connectivity Solutions 
 
 Leased 

60 

Reynosa, Mexico 

80,000 
 
 Connectivity Solutions 
 
 Leased 

56 

Glen Rock, Pennsylvania 

74,000 
 
 Connectivity Solutions 
 
 Owned 

60 

Waseca, Minnesota 

127,000 
 
 Connectivity Solutions 
 
 Leased 

83 

McAllen, Texas 

40,000 
 
 Connectivity Solutions 
 
 Leased 

56 

Melbourne, Florida 

18,000 
 
 Connectivity Solutions 
 
 Leased 

64 

Tempe, Arizona 

8,000 
 
 Connectivity Solutions 
 
 Leased 

100 

2,528,000 

Of the space described above, 356 ,000 square feet is used for engineering, warehousing, sales and administrative support functions at various locations and 485,000 square feet is designated for dormitories, canteen and other employee related facilities in the PRC. 
 
 The Territory of Hong Kong became a Special Administrative Region ("SAR") of the PRC during 1997. The territory of Macao became a SAR of the PRC at the end of 1999. Management cannot presently predict what future impact, if any, this will have on the Company or how the political climate in the PRC will affect its contractual arrangements in the PRC. A significant portion of the Company's manufacturing operations and approximately 35.2 of its identifiable assets are located in Asia. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 The information called for by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the caption "Legal Proceedings" in Note 18, "Commitments and Contingencies." 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

21

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a) 
 Market Information 

The Company's voting Class A Common Stock, par value 0.10 per share, and non-voting Class B Common Stock, par value 0.10 per share ("Class A" and "Class B," respectively), are traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbols BELFA and BELFB, respectively. 

(b) 
 Holders 

As of February 28, 2023, there w ere 37 registered shareholders of the Company's Class A Common Stock and 352 registe red shareholders of the Company's Class B Common Stock. We believe that the number of beneficial owners is substantially greater than the number of record holders because a large portion of our Class A and Class B Common Stock is held in "street name" by brokers. At February 28, 2023, to the Company's knowledge, there was one shareholder of the Company's Class A common stock whose voting rights were suspended. This shareholder owne d 17.9 of the Company's outstanding shares of Class A common stock. For additional discussion, see Item 1A "Risk Factors As a result of protective provisions in the Company's certificate of incorporation, the voting power of holders of Class A common shares whose voting rights are not suspended (including officers, directors and principal shareholders) may be increased at future meetings of the Company's shareholders". 

(c) 
 Dividends 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company declared dividends on a quarterly basis at a rate of 0.06 per Class A share of common stock and 0.07 per Class B share of common stock totaling 3.4 million in each of 2022 and 2021. On February 1, 2023, the Company paid a dividend to all shareholders of record at January 13, 2023 of Class A and Class B Common Stock in the total amount of 0.1 million 0.06 per share) and 0.7 million 0.07 per share), respectively. On February 22, 2023, Bel's Board of Directors declared a dividend in the amount of 0.06 per Class A common share and 0.07 per Class B common share which is scheduled to be paid on May 1, 2023 to all shareholders of record at April 14, 2023. 
 
 There are no contractual restrictions on the Company's ability to pay dividends provided the Company is not in default under its credit agreement immediately before such payment and after giving effect to such payment. Cash dividends are payable to the holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock only as and when declared by the Board of Directors. Subject to the foregoing, cash dividends declared on shares of Class B Common Stock in any calendar year cannot be less than 5 higher per share than the annual amount of cash dividends per share declared in such calendar year on shares of Class A Common Stock. No cash dividends may be paid on shares of Class A Common Stock unless, at the same time, cash dividends are paid on shares of Class B Common Stock, subject to the annual 5 provision described above. Cash dividends may be paid at any time or from time to time on shares of Class B Common Stock without corresponding cash dividends being paid on shares of Class A Common Stock. Nevertheless, as in the past, the respective amounts of future dividends, if any, to be declared on each class of Common Stock depends on circumstances existing at the time, including the Company's financial condition, capital requirements, earnings, legally available funds for the payment of dividends and other relevant factors and are declared at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors. 

(d) 
 Common Stock Performance Comparisons 

Not applicable. 

22

Table of Contents 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The information in this MD A should be read in conjunction with the Company's consolidated financial statements and the notes related thereto. The discussion of results, causes and trends should not be construed to imply any conclusion that such results, causes or trends will necessarily continue in the future. See "Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Information" above for further information. Also, when we cross reference to a "Note," we are referring to our "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements," unless the context indicates otherwise. All amounts and percentages are approximate due to rounding. 
 
 Under the SEC's amended definition of a "smaller reporting company," the Company is deemed to be a smaller reporting company. Accordingly, among other things, when it became eligible to use smaller reporting company disclosures, the Company reduced the number of years covered by its consolidated financial statements in Item 8. 
 
 Overview 
 
 Our Company 
 
 We design, manufacture and market a broad array of products that power, protect and connect electronic circuits. These products are primarily used in the networking, telecommunications, computing, general industrial, high-speed data transmission, military, commercial aerospace, transportation and eMobility industries. Bel's portfolio of products also finds application in the automotive, medical, broadcasting and consumer electronics markets. 
 
 We operate through three product group segments, in addition to a Corporate segment. In 2022 , 44 of the Company's revenues were derived from Power Solutions and Protection, 29 from Connectivity Solutions and 27 from our Magnetic Solutions operating segment. 
 
 Our operating expenses are driven principally by the cost of labor where the factories that Bel uses are located, the cost of the materials that we use and our ability to effectively and efficiently manage overhead costs. As labor and material costs vary by product line and region, any significant shift in product mix can have an associated impact on our costs of sales. Costs are recorded as incurred for all products manufactured. Such amounts are determined based upon the estimated stage of production and include labor cost and fringes and related allocations of factory overhead. Our products are manufactured at various facilities in the U.S., Mexico, India, the Dominican Republic, the United Kingdom, Czech Republic, Slovakia and the PRC. 
 
 We have little visibility into the ordering habits of our customers and we can be subjected to large and unpredictable variations in demand for our products. Accordingly, we must continually recruit and train new workers to replace those lost to attrition and be able to address peaks in demand that may occur from time to time. These recruiting and training efforts and related inefficiencies, and overtime required in order to meet any increase in demand, can add volatility to the labor costs incurred by us. 
 
 The Effects of COVID-19 on Bel s Business 
 
 The Company continues to be focused on the safety and well-being of its associates around the world in light of COVID-19 and the variants of COVID that have followed. A significant amount of products manufactured by Bel are utilized in military, medical and networking applications, and are therefore deemed essential by many of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Our management team closely monitors the situation at each of Bel's facilities and has been able to effectively respond in implementing our business continuity plans around the world. Protective measures, where possible, remain in place throughout our facilities. The majority of our office staff now follow a hybrid work schedule. The combination of protective measures at our factories coupled with remote work arrangements have enabled us to maintain operations, including financial reporting systems, internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. 

23

Table of Contents 

Throughout 2021 and 2022, pandemic-related issues have created additional port congestion and intermittent supplier shutdowns and delays, resulting in additional expenses to expedite delivery of critical parts. In order to better control our costs, the expediting of raw material deliveries has been generally reserved for customer-specific requests for expedited timing whereby our end customer has agreed to pay the incremental fee. Further, the majority of our product is shipped via air, and we have therefore been minimally impacted by ocean-related logistic constraints. During March 2022, the PRC government issued a notice with immediate effect whereby certain regions were temporarily shut down to perform widespread testing in response to a COVID outbreak in those regions and in accordance with Beijing s "zero-tolerance" policy at the time. Our Bel Power Solutions manufacturing facility in Shenzhen, China and our Magnetics TRP manufacturing facility in Changping, China were closed for approximately one week during the month of March 2022 while residents underwent testing. Upon the discontinuation of COVID protocols in the PRC in late 2022, we experienced approximately 3-4 weeks between December 2022 and January 2023 where the attendance rate of workers at our factories in the PRC were very low due to COVID outbreaks in the regions in which we operate. As of early February 2023 (following the Lunar New Year holiday), attendance rates at all of our factories in the PRC are in the 90 -95 range. We do not believe the aforementioned low attendance rates had a material impact on Bel's financial results in December 2022 or January 2023. To date, the COVID-related transportation delays and local outbreaks have not materially impacted our ability to operate our business or achieve our business goals. 
 
 Based on our analysis of ASC 350 and ASC 360 during the year ended December 31, 2022, we are not aware of any potential triggering events for impairment of our goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets or finite-lived assets. The Company will continue to assess the relevant criteria on a quarterly basis based on updated cash flow and market assumptions. Unfavorable changes in cash flow or market assumptions could result in impairment of these assets in future periods. 
 
 As our operations have continued, albeit at slightly reduced production and efficiency rates, we have not experienced a negative impact on our liquidity to date. Our balance of cash on hand continues to be strong at 70.3 million at December 31, 2022 as compared to 61.8 million at December 31, 2021. The Company also has availability under its current revolving credit facility; as of December 31, 2022, the Company could borrow an additional 80.0 million while still being in compliance with its debt covenants. However, any further pressure or negative impact to our financial results related to COVID would have a related negative impact on our financial covenants outlined in our credit agreement, which would impact the amount available to borrow under our revolving credit facility. The management team closely monitors the rapidly changing COVID situation and has developed plans which could be implemented to minimize the impact to the Company in the event the situation deteriorates. 
 
 Our statements regarding the future impact of COVID represent Forward-Looking Statements. See Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Information. 
 
 Other Key Factors Affecting our Business 
 
 The Company believes the key factors affecting Bel's 2022 and/or future results include the following: 

Revenues The Company's revenues increased by 110.7 million, or 20.4 , in 2022 as compared to 2021. By product segment, Power Solutions and Protection sales increased by 32 , Connectivity Solutions sales increased by 13 and Magnetic Solutions sales increased by 12 . 

Backlog Our backlog of orders totaled 565.4 million at December 31, 2022, representing an increase of 97.5 million, or over 21 , from December 31, 2021. Since the 2021 year-end, the backlog for our Power Solutions and Protection products increased by 48 , due to an increase in demand across the majority of our power product lines including networking, eMobility, industrial and other customer markets. We saw a 40 in crease in backlog for our Connectivity Solutions products, driven by restored demand from our direct and after-market commercial aerospace customers, as well has higher bookings from our military customers, in 2022. Our Magnetic Solutions backlog decreased by 37 , primarily due to reduced order volume from a large networking customer. We estimate that approximately 25- 30 million of the backlog at December 31, 2022 relates to orders that were scheduled to ship in the fourth quarter of 2022 which did not ship by December 31, 2022 largely due to supply chain challenges. 

Product Mix Material and labor costs vary by product line and any significant shift in product mix between higher- and lower-margin product lines will have a corresponding impact on the Company s gross margin percentage. In general, our Connectivity products have historically had the highest contribution margins of our three product groups, though margins for this group in 2022 have been challenged due to costs and inefficiencies associated with the ramp-up in commercial aerospace. Our Power products have a higher cost bill of materials and are impacted to a greater extent by changes in material costs. As our Magnetic Solutions products are more labor intensive, margins on these products are impacted to a greater extent by minimum- and market-based wage increases in the PRC and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates between the U.S. Dollar and the Chinese renminbi. Fluctuations in sales volume among our product groups will have a corresponding impact on Bel's profit margins. See Note 13, "Segments" for profit margin information by product group. 

Pricing and Availability of Materials There have been ongoing supply constraints related to components that constitute raw materials in our manufacturing processes, particularly with capacitors, discrete semiconductors and copper. Lead times have been extended and the reduction in supply also caused an increase in prices for certain of these components. Beginning in the third quarter of 2022, there has been some stabilization of raw material pricing and availability for a portion of the components that Bel's purchases, but in general supply constraints continue to be a challenge and we expect this environment to continue through at least the first half of 2023. The Company s material costs as a percentage of revenue were 45.4 of sales during 2022, down slightly from 46.2 during 2021 as a result of a favorable shift in product mix and the impact of Bel's recent pricing actions, offset in part by higher material costs in 2022. 

Labor Costs Labor costs decreased from 9.0 of sales during 2021 to 8.3 of sales during 2022. The reduction in labor costs as a percentage of sales in 2022 was largely impacted by recent pricing actions taken by the Company and favorable exchange rate fluctuations in 2022 leading to lower labor costs at our PRC factories. Effective January 1, 2023, the statutory minimum wage rate in Mexico was increased by 20 , impacting labor costs at our Reynosa and Cananea, Mexico factories. We estimate the additional cost associated with this increase will be approximately 1.2 million annually. Also effective January 1, 2023, minimum wage increases which went into effect at our factory in Slovakia are expected to result in approximately 0.6 million of higher labor costs at that facility in 2023 as compared to 2022. 

Inflationary Pressures Inflationary pressures could result in higher input costs, including those related to our raw materials, labor, freight, utilities, healthcare and other expenses. Our future operating results will depend, in part, on our continued ability to manage these fluctuations through pricing actions, cost savings initiatives and sourcing decisions. 

Restructuring During the third quarter of 2022, a series of initiatives were launched to streamline our operational footprint. In a project expected to be completed by mid-2023, two of our Magnetics sites in Zhongshan and Pingguo, China, spread across 9 manufacturing buildings in total, will be consolidated into a single centralized site in the Binyang county of Southwestern China (the new Bel Guangxi facility). Restructuring costs of approximately 11.3 million are expected related to the China initiative. Of this amount, 7.1 million (including 3.7 million of severance costs) was recognized in 2022, and we expect the balance, which is largely severance costs, to be recognized ratably through the third quarter of 2023. Incremental capital expenditures of approximately 4 million is expected in 2023. Annualized cost savings of approximately 3 million are expected to be realized on the China initiative, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2023. Within our Connectivity Solutions group, the Company incurred 0.3 million of severance costs in connection with the reorganization of this group's sales and product management teams in 2022. Further, facility consolidation actions remain underway in both the U.S. and Europe. In the U.S., our Tempe, Arizona and Melbourne, Florida sites will transition their manufacturing operations into our existing site in Waseca, Minnesota. These U.S. actions are expected to result in restructuring costs (largely severance costs), of 0.6 million, primari ly during the first half of 2023, with e stimated incremental capital expenditures of 0.4 million. Annualized cost savings of approximate ly 1.1 m illion are expected to be realized on this U.S. initiative, beginning in the second quarter of 2023. In Europe, operations at our facility in Sudbury, UK will be consolidated into our existing site in Chelmsford, UK. These UK actions are expected to result in restructuring costs of approximately 0.4 million in the first half of 2023 with incremental capital expenditures of 1.0 m illion. Annualized cost savings of approximately 0.7 mi llion are expected to be realized on this UK initiative, beginning in the third quarter of 2023. The Company will continue to review its operations to optimize the business, which may result in restructuring costs being recognized in future periods. The preceding sentences represent Forward-Looking Statements. The amounts set forth in the foregoing including anticipated restructuring costs (including severance costs), incremental capital expenditures and annualized cost savings are the Company s current estimates based on information presently available to the Company, assumptions and circumstances as they exist in each case at the time of filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and are subject to change. See "Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Information." 

24

Table of Contents 

Impact of Foreign Currency As further described below in this "Impact of Foreign Currency" discussion, during 2022, labor and overhead costs were 4.9 million lower than in 2021 due to a favorable foreign exchange environment involving the Chinese renminbi and Euro as compared to the prior year period. Also as described below in the discussion captioned "Inflation and Foreign Currency Exchange", the Company realized foreign exchange transactional gains of 0.3 million during 2022, due to the fluctuation of the spot rates of certain currencies in effect when translating our balance sheet accounts at December 31, 2022 versus those in effect at December 31, 2021. Since Bel is a U.S. domiciled company, our foreign currency-denominated financial results are translated into U.S. dollars. Due to the changes in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, translating our financial results and the revaluation of certain intercompany as well as third-party transactions to and from foreign currencies to U.S. dollars may result in a favorable or unfavorable impact to our consolidated statements of operations and cash flows. The Company was favorably impacted by transactional foreign exchange gains in 2022 due to the depreciation of the Chinese renminbi and Euro against the U.S. dollar as compared to exchange rates in effect during 2021. The Company has significant manufacturing operations located in in the PRC where labor and overhead costs are paid in local currency. As a result, the U.S. Dollar equivalent costs of these operations were 4.9 million lower in 2022 as compared to 2021. The Company monitors changes in foreign currencies and in 2022 implemented additional foreign currency forward contracts, and may continue to implement pricing actions to help mitigate the impact that changes in foreign currencies may have on its consolidated operating results. The preceding sentence represents a Forward-Looking Statement. See "Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Information." 

Effective Tax Rate The Company's effective tax rate will fluctuate based on the geographic region in which the pretax profits are earned. Of the jurisdictions in which the Company operates, the U.S. and Europe's tax rates are generally equivalent; and Asia has the lowest tax rates of the Company's three geographic regions. See Note 9 to the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements - "Income Taxes". 

Looking ahead, the focus will be on profitable growth by investing in key and high-growth market segments, new business development and internal investments needed to support our customers. We believe that we will benefit from our diversity in end markets in 2023, as lower bookings from our networking customers are expected to be offset by higher demand from the commercial aerospace and eMobility markets, which generally have a bright outlook for the year and beyond. The preceding sentences represent Forward-Looking Statements. See "Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Information." 
 
 Results of Operations - Summary by Operating Segment 
 
 Net Sales and Gross Margin 
 
 The Company's net sales and gross margin by major product line for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

Net Sales 

Gross Margin 

2022 

2021 

2022 

2021 

Connectivity solutions 

187,085 

165,027 

25.9 

26.4 

Magnetic solutions 

178,782 

160,432 

27.6 

21.3 

Power solutions and protection 

288,366 

218,035 

30.5 

27.0 

654,233 

543,494 

28.0 

24.7 

Connectivity Solutions: 
 
 Sales of our Connectivity Solutions products increased by 22.0 million in 2022 as compared to 2021. This increase was primarily due to the continued rebound in demand from direct and after-market commercial aerospace customers of 13.4 million (76 during 2022 as compared to 2021. Other increases in sales related to higher demand for our passive connector and cabling products for use in premise wiring applications and an increased volume of Connectivity Solutions products sold through our distribution channels. These sales increases were partially offset by a decline in military sales of 4.9 million (12 during 2022 as compared to 2021. Gross margins for 2022 were unfavorably impacted by incremental costs and operational inefficiencies related to the ramp-up in commercial aerospace demand. 
 
 Magnetic Solutions: 
 
 Sales of our Magnetic Solutions products improved by 18.4 million during 2022 as compared to 2021. Demand for our Magnetic Solutions products from our networking customers and through our distribution channels has been the primary driver of the sales increase. The higher sales volume, coupled with pricing actions and favorable exchange rates with the Chinese renminbi versus the U.S. dollar, were the primary drivers of gross margin improvement for this product group compared with 2021. 

25

Table of Contents 

Power Solutions and Protection: 
 
 Sales of our Power Solutions and Protection products were higher by 70.3 million during 2022 as compared to 2021. The sales increase was led by approximately 32.5 million in raw material surcharge invoicing, the inclusion of EOS, which was acquired in March 2021 and contributed incremental sales of 5.2 million, a 4.4 million (18.4 increase in circuit protection product sales, a 8.7 million (15.6 increase in CUI sales, and a 10.4 million (105 increase in sales of product going into the eMobility end market. Gross margin improved in 2022 as compared to 2021 as pricing actions, higher sales volume, favorable exchange rates with the Chinese renminbi versus the U.S. dollar, and a favorable shift in product mix offset the impact of increased material costs. 
 
 Cost of Sales 
 
 Cost of sales as a percentage of net sales for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of the following: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Material costs 

45.4 

46.2 

Labor costs 

8.3 

9.0 

Other expenses 

18.3 

20.1 

Total cost of sales 

72.0 

75.3 

Material costs as a percentage of sales during 2022 were fairly stable compared to 2021, as recent pricing actions are helping to offset the continued heightened cost of certain raw materials. Labor costs as a percentage of sales have decreased from 2021 due to the favorable fluctuation in the Chinese renminbi exchange rate versus the U.S. Dollar. These lower labor costs as a percentage of sales were offset, in part, by incremental labor costs at our Connectivity group related to recruiting and training of new factory associates to accommodate the increase in demand from the commercial aerospace end market in 2022. 
 
 The other expenses noted in the table above include fixed cost items such as support labor and fringe, depreciation and amortization, and facility costs (i.e. rent, utilities, insurance). In total, these other expenses increased during 2022 by 11.1 million as compared to 2021. The recent ramp-up in commercial aerospace demand has resulted in significant headcount increases at our factories that support this end market, restoring some of the indirect labor and overhead expenses that had been previously reduced when demand was lower. Further, certain of our other factories have started to run additional shifts to accommodate the increase in demand from our customers, resulting in higher overhead costs. In addition to an increase in support labor headcount, wage rate increases, both inflationary and government-mandated increases to minimum wage rates, have led to higher costs in 2022 as compared to 2021. 
 
 Research and Development ("R D") 
 
 R D expenses were 20.2 million and 21.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The reduction in R D expenses during 2022 is largely due to the favorable exchange rate environment related to the Euro and Chinese renminbi versus the U.S. Dollar in 2022. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses ("SG A") 
 
 SG A expenses were 92.3 million in 2022 as compared with 86.6 million in 2021. Within SG A, increases in office expenses of 2.8 million, SG A salaries and fringe benefits of 2.8 million, sales commissions to reps of 1.7 million, and 1.1 million of higher advertising costs were partially offset by a 1.5 million reduction in legal and professional fees as compared to 2021. 

26

Table of Contents 

Restructuring Charges 
 
 The Company recorded 7.3 million of restructuring charges in 2022 in connection with the facility consolidations further described in "Other Key Factors Affecting our Business" above. In 2021, the Company recorded 1.2 million of restructuring charges related to the consolidation of its DC/DC power product line into a single factory, and the discontinuation of its custom modules product line. 
 
 Gain on Sale of Property 
 
 During 2022, the Company recorded a gain of 1.6 million related to the sale of one of its properties in Jersey City, New Jersey. In 2021, a gain of 6.6 million was recorded in connection with the sale of a property in Hong Kong. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 The Company incurred interest expense of 3.4 million in 2022 and 3.5 million in 2021 primarily due to its outstanding borrowings under the Company's credit and security agreement. The slight reduction in interest expense during 2022 related to a lower debt balance throughout 2022 as compared to 2021, largely offset by higher interest rates on the Company's variable portion of its outstanding balance during 2021. See "Liquidity and Capital Resources" and Note 10, "Debt" of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the Company's outstanding debt. 
 
 Other Expense, Net 
 
 Other expense, net was 2.7 million in 2022 compared to 0.4 million in 2021. The Company recorded a loss of 2.2 million related to its SERP investments in 2022 as compared to a gain of 1.3 million in 2021. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The Company s effective tax rate will fluctuate based on the geographic regions in which the pretax profits are earned. Of the jurisdictions in which the Company operates, the U.S. and Europe s tax rates are generally equivalent; and Asia has the lowest tax rates of the Company s three geographic regions. See Note 9, Income Taxes . 
 
 2022 as Compared to 2021 
 
 The provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 6.4 million and 2.5 million, respectively. The Company s earnings before income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately 31.7 million higher as compared with the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily attributable to an increase in income in the Asia and North America regions. The Company s effective tax rate was 10.8 and 9.2 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The change in the effective tax rate during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to fiscal year 2021 is primarily attributable to an increase in U.S. tax expense resulting from higher U.S. income, which was offset by a decrease in tax expense relating to the addition of uncertain tax positions. 

27

Table of Contents 

Other Tax Matters 
 
 The Company has a portion of its products manufactured on the mainland of the PRC where Bel is not subject to corporate income tax on manufacturing services provided by third parties. Hong Kong has a territorial tax system which imposes corporate income tax at a rate of 16.5 on income from activities solely conducted in Hong Kong. 
 
 The Company holds an offshore business license from the government of Macao. With this license, a Macao offshore company named Bel Fuse (Macao Commercial Offshore) Limited has been established to handle the Company s sales to third-party customers in Asia. Sales by this company primarily consist of products manufactured in the PRC. The Macao corporate profit taxes imposes a tax rate of 12 on income from activities solely conducted in Macao. 
 
 Due to the practicality of determining the deferred taxes on outside basis differences in our investments in our foreign subsidiaries, management has not provided for deferred taxes on outside basis differences at December 31, 2022 and deemed that these basis differences will be indefinitely reinvested. 
 
 Inflation and Foreign Currency Exchange 
 
 During the past two years, we do not believe the effect of inflation was material to our consolidated financial position or our consolidated results of operations. We are exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Fluctuations of the U.S. dollar against other major currencies have not significantly affected our foreign operations as most sales continue to be denominated in U.S. dollars or currencies directly or indirectly linked to the U.S. dollar. Most significant expenses, including raw materials, labor and manufacturing expenses, are incurred primarily in U.S. dollars or the Chinese renminbi, and to a lesser extent in British pounds, Indian rupees and Mexican pesos. The Euro and British pound each depreciated by 12 , the Indian rupee depreciated by 6 and the Chinese renminbi depreciated by 4 versus the U.S. dollar in 2022 compared to 2021. To the extent the renminbi or peso appreciate in future periods, it could result in the Company's incurring higher costs for most expenses incurred in the PRC and Mexico. The Company periodically uses foreign currency forward contracts to manage its short-term exposures to fluctuations in operational cash flows resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates as further described in Note 12, "Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities". The Company's European entities, whose functional currencies are Euros, British pounds and Czech korunas, enter into transactions which include sales that are denominated principally in Euros, British pounds and various other European currencies, and purchases that are denominated principally in U.S. dollars and British pounds. Such transactions, as well as those related to our multi-currency intercompany payable and receivable transactions, resulted in a net realized and unrealized currency exchange gain of 0.3 million in 2022 and a loss of less than 0.1 million in 2021 which were included in other expense, net on the consolidated statements of operations. Translation of subsidiaries' foreign currency financial statements into U.S. dollars resulted in translation adjustments, net of taxes, of 8.2) million and 1.8) million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are included in accumulated other comprehensive loss on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our principal sources of liquidity include 70.3 million of cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2022, cash provided by operating activities and borrowings available under our credit facility. We expect to use this liquidity for operating expenses, investments in working capital, capital expenditures, interest, taxes, dividends, debt obligations and other long-term liabilities. We believe that our current liquidity position and future cash flows from operations will enable us to fund our operations, both in the next twelve months and in the longer term. 

28

Table of Contents 

Cash Flow Summary 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company's cash and cash equivalents increased by 8.5 million. This increase was primarily due to the following: 

net cash provided by operating activities of 40.3 million; and 

proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment of 1.8 million; partially offset by 

purchases of property, plant and equipment of 8.8 million; 

dividend payments of 3.4 million; and 

repayments under our revolving credit line of 17.5 million. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company's cash and cash equivalents decreased by 23.2 million. This decrease was primarily due to cash paid for acquisitions of 16.8 million, the purchase of property, plant and equipment of 9.4 million, net payments to our credit facility of 4.3 million, and dividend payments of 3.4 million, partially offset by cash provided by operations of 4.6 million and proceeds from the sale of properties of 7.3 million. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, accounts receivable increased 20.7 million primarily due to the higher sales volume in the second half of 2022 as compared to the same period of 2021 . Days sales outstanding (DSO) increased to 58 days at December 31, 2022 from 54 days at December 31, 2021. Inventories increased by 36.6 million from the December 31, 2021 level as raw material supply constraints hindered our ability, and our end customers' ability, to fully manufacture our respective finished goods. Inventory turns, excluding R D, were 2.6 times for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 3.1 times for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and accounts receivable comprised approximately 31.7 and 29.1 of the Company's total assets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company's current ratio (i.e., the ratio of current assets to current liabilities) was 2.8 to 1 and 2.9 to 1 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, 50.1 million and 42.0 million, respectively (or 71 and 68 , respectively), of cash and cash equivalents was held by foreign subsidiaries of the Company. During 2022, the Company repatriated 13.0 million of funds from outside of the U.S., with minimal incremental tax liability. We continue to analyze our global working capital and cash requirements and the potential tax liabilities attributable to further repatriation, and we have yet to make any further determination regarding repatriation of funds from outside the U.S. to fund the Company's U.S. operations in the future. In the event these funds were needed for Bel's U.S. operations, the Company would be required to accrue and pay U.S. state taxes and any applicable foreign withholding taxes to repatriate these funds. 

29

Table of Contents 

Future Cash Requirements 
 
 The Company expects foreseeable liquidity and capital resource requirements to be met through existing cash and cash equivalents and anticipated cash flows from operations, as well as borrowings available under its revolving credit facility, if needed. The Company's material cash requirements arising in the normal course of business primarily include: 
 
 Debt Obligations and Interest Payments - The Company had 95.0 million outstanding under its revolving credit facility at December 31, 2022, as further described below and in Note 10, "Debt". During January 2023, the Company borrowed an additional 5.0 million from the revolving credit facility to fund its large annual payments related to incentive compensation and insurance payments. There are no mandatory principal payments due on the credit facility borrowings during 2023. The current balance of 100.0 million is due upon expiration of the credit facility on September 1, 2026. Anticipated interest payments due amount to 19.5 million, of which 5.3 million is expected to be paid in 2023 based on our debt balance and interest rate in place at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Lease Obligations - The Company has operating leases for its facilities used for manufacturing, research and development, sales and administration. There are also operating and finance leases related to manufacturing equipment, office equipment and vehicles. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was contractually obligated to pay future operating lease payments of 25.1 million, of which 6.8 million is expected to be paid in 2023, and future financing lease obligations of 2.5 million, of which 0.6 million is expected to be paid in 2023. See Note 17, "Leases" for further information. 
 
 Purchase Obligations - The Company submits purchase orders for raw materials to various vendors throughout the year for current production requirements, as well as forecasted requirements. Certain of these purchase orders relate to special purpose material and, as such, the Company may incur penalties if an order is cancelled. The Company had outstanding purchase orders related to raw materials in the amount of 113.4 million at December 31, 2022, of which 97.2 million is expected to be paid in 2023. The Company also had outstanding purchase orders related to capital expenditures which totaled 7.8 million at December 31, 2022, of which 7.7 million is expected to be paid in 2023. 
 
 Pension Benefit Obligations - As further described in Note 14, "Retirement Fund and Profit Sharing Plan", the Company maintains a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan ("SERP"). At December 31, 2022, estimated future obligations under the plan amounted to 18.2 million. It is expected that the Company will pay 0.9 million in benefit payments in connection with the SERP during 2023. Included in other assets at December 31, 2022 is the cash surrender value of company-owned life insurance and marketable securities held in a rabbi trust with an aggregate value of 14.0 million, which has been designated by the Company to be utilized to fund the Company's SERP obligations. 
 
 Dividends - The Company has historically paid quarterly dividends on its two classes of common stock, which amounted to 3.4 million in each of 2021 and 2022. Consistent with the dividend rates declared in prior years, Bel's Board of Directors declared dividends on October 26, 2022 and again on February 22, 2023 on each of our two classes of common stock. These two quarterly payments will be made in the first half of 2023 in the total anticipated amount of 1.7 million. 
 
 Tax Payments - At December 31, 2022, we had liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits and related interest and penalties of 24.8 million, all of which is included in other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. At December 31, 2022, we cannot reasonably estimate the future period or periods of cash settlement of these liabilities. See Note 9, "Income Taxes," for further discussion. Also included on our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 is 6.2 million of liabilities for transition tax associated with the 2017 U.S. tax reform, of which 2.0 million is expected to be paid in 2023. 

Credit Facility 

In September 2021, the Company entered into a new credit facility (the "New Credit Agreement") which amends, restates and supersedes the Prior Credit Agreement, as further described in Note 10, "Debt". The New Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, covenants and events of default. In addition, the New Credit Agreement contains financial covenants that measure (i) the ratio of the Company s total funded indebtedness, on a consolidated basis, less the aggregate amount of all unencumbered cash and cash equivalents, to the amount of the Company s consolidated EBITDA Leverage Ratio and (ii) the ratio of the amount of the Company s consolidated EBITDA to the Company s consolidated fixed charges Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio ). If an event of default occurs, the lenders under the New Credit Agreement would be entitled to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts due thereunder and all actions permitted to be taken by a secured creditor. 

At
 December 31, 2022, the Company had 95.0 million outstanding under its New Credit Agreement. The unused credit available under the credit facility at December 31, 2022 was 
 80.0 million, of which we had the ability to borrow the full amount without violating our Leverage Ratio covenant based on the Company's existing consolidated EBITDA. At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with its debt covenants, including its most restrictive covenant,
 t he Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio. 

To partially mitigate risks associated with the variable interest rates on the revolver borrowings under the New Credit Agreement, in November 2021, the Company executed two pay-fixed, receive-variable interest rate swap agreements covering approximately half of its variable interest exposure effective December 31, 2021 through August 2026. See Note 12, "Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities" for further details.

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The Company's consolidated financial statements include certain amounts that are based on management's best estimates and judgments. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions, including in some cases future projections, that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Different assumptions and judgments could change the estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements, which, in turn, could change the results from those reported. Management evaluates its estimates, assumptions and judgments on an ongoing basis. 
 
 Based on the above, we have determined that our most critical accounting estimates are those related to business combinations, inventory valuation, goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets, and those related to our pension benefit obligations. 
 
 Business Combinations 
 
 In a business combination, we allocate the fair value of purchase price consideration to the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase price consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Such valuations require management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. Significant estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows from acquired customers or earned through the use of acquired trademarks, estimated royalty rates, acquired technology, useful lives and discount rates. Management s estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. 
 
 Inventory Valuation 
 
 Inventories consist of raw materials and purchased components and are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Material costs are principally determined by standard cost or the weighted moving average method, both of which approximate actual cost. The Company reduces the carrying value of its inventory for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventory by an amount equal to the difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated market value based on the aforementioned assumptions. Our reserve calculations are based on historical experience related to slow-moving inventory in addition to specific known concerns in the case of products going end-of-life or customer cancellations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had reserves for excess or obsolete inventory of 14.5 million and 12.1 million, respectively. With the recent increase in demand for our products coupled with higher raw material prices, our value of inventory on hand has increased by 33.1 million from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. In the event of a sudden decrease in demand for our products, or a higher incidence of inventory obsolescence, the Company could be required to increase its inventory reserve, which would have an unfavorable impact on our gross margin. 

30

Table of Contents 

Goodwill 
 
 We use a fair value approach to test goodwill for impairment. We must recognize a non-cash impairment charge for the amount, if any, by which the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value. We derive an estimate of fair values for each of our reporting units using a combination of an income approach and an appropriate market approach, each based on an applicable weighting. We assess the applicable weighting based on such factors as current market conditions and the quality and reliability of the data. Absent an indication of fair value from a potential buyer or similar specific transactions, we believe that the use of these methods provides a reasonable estimate of a reporting unit's fair value. 
 
 Fair value computed by these methods is arrived at using a number of factors, including projected future operating results, anticipated future cash flows, effective income tax rates, comparable marketplace data within a consistent industry grouping, and the cost of capital. There are inherent uncertainties, however, related to these factors and to our judgment in applying them to this analysis. Nonetheless, we believe that the combination of these methods provides a reasonable approach to estimate the fair value of our reporting units. Assumptions for sales, net earnings and cash flows for each reporting unit were consistent among these methods. 
 
 Income Approach Used to Determine Fair Values 
 
 The income approach is based upon the present value of expected cash flows. Expected cash flows are converted to present value using factors that consider the timing and risk of the future cash flows. The estimate of cash flows used is prepared on an unleveraged debt-free basis. We use a discount rate that reflects a market-derived weighted average cost of capital. We believe that this approach is appropriate because it provides a fair value estimate based upon the reporting unit's expected long-term operating and cash flow performance. The projections are based upon our best estimates of projected economic and market conditions over the related period including growth rates, estimates of future expected changes in operating margins and cash expenditures. Other significant estimates and assumptions include terminal value long-term growth rates, provisions for income taxes, future capital expenditures and changes in future cashless, debt-free working capital. We applied a combined weighting of 75 to the income approach when determining the fair value of our reporting units. 

31

Table of Contents 

Market Approach Used to Determine Fair Values 
 
 The market approach estimates the fair value of the reporting unit by applying multiples of operating performance measures to the reporting unit's operating performance (the "Guideline Publicly Traded Company Method"). These multiples are derived from comparable publicly traded companies with similar investment characteristics to the reporting unit, and such comparables are reviewed and updated as needed annually. We believe that this approach is appropriate because it provides a fair value estimate using multiples from entities with operations and economic characteristics comparable to our reporting units and the Company as a whole. The key estimates and assumptions that are used to determine fair value under this market approach include current and forward 12-month operating performance results and the selection of the relevant multiples to be applied. Under the Guideline Publicly Traded Company Method, a control premium, or an amount that a buyer is usually willing to pay over the current market price of a publicly traded company, is applied to the calculated equity values to adjust the public trading value upward for a 100 ownership interest, where applicable. 
 
 In order to assess the reasonableness of the calculated fair values of our reporting units, we also compare the sum of the reporting units' fair values to our market capitalization and calculate an implied control premium (the excess of the sum of the reporting units' fair values over the market capitalization). We evaluate the control premium by comparing it to control premiums of recent comparable market transactions. If the implied control premium is not reasonable in light of these recent transactions, we will reevaluate our fair value estimates of the reporting units by adjusting the discount rates and/or other assumptions. 
 
 We applied a combined weighting of 25 to the market approach when determining the fair value of these reporting units. 
 
 As indicated in Note 4, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets", the fair value of each of our three reporting units exceeded their respective carrying values by a large margin (ranging from 69 to 173 ). If m arket factors change and the discount rate utilized in the fair value calculation changes, it would result in a higher or lower fair value of our reporting units. The discount rates utilized in our October 1, 2022 impairment test ranged from 12.5 to 17.0 . An increase in the discount rate assumption of 50 basis points would have impacted the fair values of our reporting units, and would have reduced the excess of fair value over carrying value to a revised range of 60 to 166 . F urther, if we are unable to achieve the projected revenue growth rates or margins assumed in our projections, this would also impact the fair value of our reporting units. If we change our reporting unit structure or other events and circumstances change (such as a sustained decrease in the price of our common stock, a decline in current market multiples, a significant adverse change in legal factors or business climates, an adverse action or assessment by a regulator, heightened competition, strategic decisions made in response to economic or competitive conditions or a more-likely-than-not expectation that a reporting unit or a significant portion of a reporting unit will be sold or disposed of), we may be required to record impairment charges in future periods. Any impairment charges that we may take in the future could be material to our consolidated results of operations and consolidated financial condition. 
 
 The Company conducted its annual goodwill impairment test as of October 1, 2022, and no impairment was identified at that time. Management has also concluded that the fair value of its goodwill exceeded the associated carrying value at December 31, 2022 and that no impairment exists as of that date. See Note 4, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets," for details of our goodwill balance and the goodwill review performed in 2022. We will continue to monitor goodwill on an annual basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances, such as significant adverse changes in business climate or operating results, changes in management's business strategy or significant declines in our stock price, indicate that there may be a potential indicator of impairment. 

32

Table of Contents 

Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets 
 
 The Company tests indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually on October 1, or upon a triggering event, using a fair value approach, the relief-from-royalty method (a form of the income approach). The Company conducted its annual impairment tests as of October 1, 2022 and 2021, and no impairment was identified at either testing date. Management has also concluded that the fair value of its trademarks exceeds the associated carrying values at December 31, 2022 and that no impairment existed as of that date. At December 31, 2022, the Company's indefinite-lived intangible assets related solely to trademarks. 
 
 Pension Benefit Obligations 
 
 Net periodic benefit cost for the Company's SERP totaled 1.5 million in 2022 and 1.7 million in 2021. Benefit plan information for financial reporting purposes is calculated using actuarial assumptions including a discount rate for plan benefit obligations. The changes in net periodic benefit cost year over year are attributable to demographic changes within the plan, as well as any changes to the discount rate or the assumption around the future annual increases in compensation. The discount rate utilized for the net periodic benefit cost was 2.75 at December 31, 2022 and 2.25 at December 31, 2021. An increase/decrease in this 2022 discount rate assumption of 25 basis points would have decreased/increased the 2022 periodic benefit cost by less than 0.1 million. T he discount rate utilized for the pension benefit obligation was 5.00 at December 31, 2022 and 2.75 at December 31, 2021. An increase/decrease in this 2022 discount rate assumption of 25 basis points would have reduced/increased the pension benefit obligation by 0.5 million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Other Matters 
 
 The Company believes that it has sufficient cash reserves to fund its foreseeable working capital needs. It may, however, seek to expand such resources through bank borrowings, at favorable lending rates, from time to time. If the Company were to undertake another substantial acquisition for cash, the acquisition would either be funded with cash on hand or would be financed through cash on hand and through bank borrowings or the issuance of public or private debt or equity. If the Company borrows additional money to finance acquisitions, this would further decrease the Company's ratio of earnings to fixed charges, and could further impact the Company's material restrictive covenants, depending on the size of the borrowing and the nature of the target company. Under its existing credit facility, the Company is required to obtain its lender's consent for certain additional debt financing and to comply with other covenants, including the application of specific financial ratios, and may be restricted from paying cash dividends on its common stock. Depending on the nature of the transaction, the Company cannot assure investors that the necessary acquisition financing would be available to it on acceptable terms, or at all, when required. If the Company issues a substantial amount of stock either as consideration in an acquisition or to finance an acquisition, such issuance may dilute existing stockholders and may take the form of capital stock having preferences over its existing common stock. 
 
 New Financial Accounting Standards 
 
 The discussion of new financial accounting standards applicable to the Company is incorporated herein by reference to Note 1, "Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies." 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 The Company is not required to provide the information called for by this Item as it is a "smaller reporting company," as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 See the consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying Index to Consolidated Financial Statements for the information required by this item. 

33

Table of Contents 

BEL FUSE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Financial Statements Page 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Grant Thornton LLP, Iselin, New Jersey, PCAOB # 35 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2022 and 2021 39 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Two Years Ended December 31, 2022 40 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Two Years Ended December 31, 2022 41 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the Two Years Ended December 31, 2022 42 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Two Years Ended December 31, 2022 43 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 45 

34

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Bel Fuse Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bel Fuse Inc. (a New Jersey corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated March 10, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical audit matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

35

Table of Contents 

Goodwill Connectivity Europe, Power Europe, and CUI reporting units 
 
 As described further in Notes 1 and 4 to the financial statements, the Company performed a quantitative goodwill impairment assessment as of October 1, 2022, the date of the annual impairment assessment, on three of its reporting units, Connectivity Europe, Power Europe, and CUI. These reporting units had goodwill balances totaling 23.8 million as of October 1, 2022. We identified the Company s quantitative goodwill impairment assessment for the Connectivity Europe, Power Europe, and CUI reporting units as a critical audit matter. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that the quantitative goodwill impairment assessment is a critical audit matter are the significant management estimates and judgments related to forecasts of expected future cash flows used in the estimation of each reporting unit s fair value. Management s significant estimates and judgments include the determination of revenue growth rates, gross profit rates, operating expenses, projected long-term growth rates and discount rates. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, in auditing these assumptions made by management. 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the quantitative goodwill impairment testing of the Connectivity Europe, Power Europe, and CUI reporting units included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the design and operating effectiveness of controls relating to management s quantitative goodwill impairment evaluation, including those over management s forecasts of future revenues, gross profit rates, operating expenses, and long-term growth rates and the determination of the discount rate. 
 
 We evaluated management s revenue growth rates, gross profit rates and operating expenses for consistency with relevant historical data, changes in the businesses, and external industry data. 
 
 With the assistance of our valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, we evaluated the valuation methodologies utilized by management and performed sensitivity analyses on the future revenue, gross profit rates and operating expenses, long-term growth rates and discount rates used to evaluate the impact changes in these assumptions have on management s conclusions. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 10, 2023 

36

Table of Contents 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Bel Fuse Inc. 
 
 Opinion on internal control over financial reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Bel Fuse Inc. (a New Jersey corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated March 10, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

37

Table of Contents 

Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 
 Iselin, New Jersey March 10, 2023 

38

Table of Contents 

BEL FUSE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

December 31, December 31, 
 2022 2021 
 
 ASSETS 
 Current assets: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of 1,552 and 1,536 , at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Inventories 
 Unbilled receivables 
 Other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 
 Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Right-of-use assets 
 Intangible assets, net 
 Goodwill, net 
 Deferred income taxes 
 Other assets 
 Total assets 
 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Current liabilities: 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued expenses 
 Operating lease liability, current 
 Other current liabilities 
 Total current liabilities 
 
 Long-term liabilities: 
 Long-term debt 
 Operating lease liability, long-term 
 Liability for uncertain tax positions 
 Minimum pension obligation and unfunded pension liability 
 Deferred income taxes 
 Other long-term liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 
 Commitments and contingencies (see Note 18) 
 
 Stockholders' equity: 
 Preferred stock, no par value, 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued 
 Class A common stock, par value .10 per share, 10,000,000 shares authorized; 2,141,589 shares and 2,144,912 shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively (net of 1,072,769 restricted treasury shares) 
 Class B common stock, par value .10 per share, 30,000,000 shares authorized; 10,642,760 shares and 10,377,102 shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively (net of 3,218,307 restricted treasury shares) 
 Treasury stock (unrestricted, consisting of 3,323 Class A shares and 17,342 Class B shares) 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Retained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 Total stockholders' equity 
 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

39

Table of Contents 

BEL FUSE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net sales 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Research and development costs 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Restructuring charges 

Gain on sale of property 

() 

() 

Income from operations 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

Other expense, net 

() 

() 

Earnings before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net earnings available to common shareholders 

Net earnings per common share: 

Class A common shares - basic and diluted 

Class B common shares - basic and diluted 

Weighted-average shares outstanding: 

Class A common shares - basic and diluted 

Class B common shares - basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

40

Table of Contents 

BEL FUSE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

(dollars in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 

Net earnings 
 
 Other comprehensive income (loss): 
 Currency translation adjustment, net of taxes of 47) and 334) 
 Unrealized gains (losses) on interest rate swap cash flow hedge, net of taxes of 0 in both periods 
 Unrealized holding (losses) gains on marketable securities arising during the period, net of taxes of 0 in both periods 
 Change in unfunded SERP liability, net of taxes of 1,381) and 875) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss): 
 Comprehensive income 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

41

Table of Contents 

BEL FUSE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

(dollars in thousands) 

Accumulated 
 Other Class A Class B Additional 
 Retained Comprehensive Common Common Treasury Paid-In 
 Total Earnings (Loss) Income Stock Stock Stock Capital 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 
 Net earnings 
 Dividends declared: 
 Class A Common Stock, 0.24 /share 
 Class B Common Stock, 0.28 /share 
 Issuance of restricted common stock 
 Forfeiture of restricted common stock 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of taxes of 334) 
 Unrealized losses on interest rate swap cash flow hedge, net of taxes of 0 
 Unrealized holding gains on marketable securities, net of taxes of 0 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 Change in unfunded SERP liability, net of taxes of 875) 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 
 
 Net earnings 
 Dividends declared: 
 Class A Common Stock, 0.24 /share 
 Class B Common Stock, 0.28 /share 
 Issuance of restricted common stock 
 Forfeiture of restricted common stock 
 Repurchase of treasury stock 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of taxes of 47) 
 Unrealized gains on interest rate swap cash flow hedge, net of taxes of 0 
 Unrealized holding losses on marketable securities, net of taxes of 0 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 Change in unfunded SERP liability, net of taxes of 1,381) 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

42

Table of Contents 

BEL FUSE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(dollars in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net earnings 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

Unrealized (gains) losses on foreign currency revaluation 

() 

Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment 

() 

() 

Other, net 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

Unbilled receivables 

() 

Inventories 

() 

() 

Other current assets 

() 

() 

Other assets 

() 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued restructuring costs 

() 

Other liabilities 

() 

Income taxes payable 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property, plant and equipment 

() 

() 

Payment for acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

() 

Proceeds from disposal/sale of property, plant and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

(continued) 

43

Table of Contents 

BEL FUSE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 

(dollars in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Dividends paid to common shareholders 

() 

() 

Purchase of treasury stock 

() 

Deferred financing costs 

() 

Borrowings under revolving credit line 

Repayments under revolving credit line 

() 

() 

Repayments of long-term debt 

() 

Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

() 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents - end of year 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Income taxes, net of refunds received 

Interest payments 

Details of acquisitions: 

Fair value of identifiable net assets acquired 

Goodwill 

Fair value of net assets acquired 

Fair value of consideration transferred 

Less: Cash acquired in acquisitions 

() 

Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

44

Table of Contents 

BEL FUSE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED December 31, 2022 and 2021 

million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and a loss of less than million for the year ended December 31, 2021 , which were included in other expense, net on the consolidated statements of operations. 

to years, on a straight-line basis to their estimated residual values and periodically review them for impairment. Total identifiable intangible assets comprise and at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, of our consolidated total assets. 
 
 We use the acquisition method of accounting for those business combinations in which we acquire 100 of the equity. We do not amortize goodwill or intangible assets with indefinite useful lives. Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for possible impairment annually during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. 

to years for buildings and leasehold improvements, and from to years for m a chinery and equipment. 

greater than dividends paid to Class A common shares, resulting in the two -class method of computing earnings per share. In computing earnings per share, the Company has allocated dividends declared to Class A and Class B shares based on amounts actually declared for each class of stock and more of the undistributed earnings have been allocated to Class B shares than to the Class A shares on a per share basis. Basic earnings per common share are computed by dividing net earnings by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per common share, for each class of common stock, are computed by dividing net earnings by the weighted-average number of common shares and potential common shares outstanding during the period. There were no potential common shares outstanding during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 which would have had a dilutive effect on earnings per share. 

The earnings and weighted average shares outstanding used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share are as follows: 

Less dividends declared: 
 Class A 
 Class B 
 Undistributed earnings 
 
 Undistributed earnings allocation: 
 Class A undistributed earnings 
 Class B undistributed earnings 
 Total undistributed earnings 
 
 Net earnings allocation: 
 Class A net earnings 
 Class B net earnings 
 Net earnings 
 
 Denominator: 
 Weighted average shares outstanding: 
 Class A 
 Class B 
 
 Net earnings per share: 
 Class A 
 Class B 

million and million, respectively. 

Accounting Standards Issued But Not Yet Adopted 
 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016 - 13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326 ): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU 2016 - 13 , as amended. The new guidance broadens the information that an entity must consider in developing its expected credit loss estimates related to its financial instruments and adds to U.S. GAAP an impairment model that is based on expected losses rather than incurred losses. The amendment is currently effective for the Company for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2022, with early adoption permitted. Management is currently assessing the impact of ASU 2016 - 13, but it is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020 - 04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848 ): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting ("ASU 2020 - 04" ). ASU 2020 - 04 provides temporary optional guidance on contract modifications and hedging accounting to ease the financial reporting burdens of the expected market transition from the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR to alternative reference rates. In January 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021 - 01, which refined the scope of Topic 848 and clarified some of its guidance as part of the FASB s monitoring of global reference rate activities. This updated guidance was effective upon issuance, and the Company was initially allowed to elect to apply the amendments prospectively through December 31, 2022. In December 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022 - 06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848 ), Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848 , which extends the date by which companies could elect to apply the amendments to December 31, 2024. During January 2023, the Company amended its credit agreement and related interest rate swap agreements to transition the reference rate from LIBOR to a Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") effective January 31, 2023. In connection with these amendments, the Company will be adopting ASU 2020 - 04 in the first quarter of 2023 and will be electing to apply the relevant practical expedients within the guidance. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 

million in cash, including a working capital adjustment. rms Connectors is a highly regarded connector manufacturer with over 30 years of experience producing harsh environment circular connectors used in a variety of military and aerospace applications. This acquisition complemented Bel's existing military and aerospace product portfolio and enabled us to expand key customer relationships within these end markets and leverage the combined manufacturing resources to improve our operational efficiency. Originally based in Coon Rapids, Minnesota, the rms Connectors business was relocated into Bel's existing facilities during the second quarter of 2021, and is part of Bel's Connectivity Solutions group. The transaction was funded with cash on hand. 
 
 EOS Power 
 
 On March 31, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of EOS Power ("EOS") through a stock purchase agreement for million, net of cash acquired, including a working capital adjustment. EOS, located in Mumbai, India, had sales of million for the year ended December 31, 2020. EOS enhances Bel's position related to certain industrial and medical markets historically served by EOS, with a strong line of high-power density and low-profile products with high convection ratings. In addition to new products and customers acquired, this acquisition diversified Bel's manufacturing footprint in Asia. The EOS business is part of Bel s Power Solutions and Protection group. The transaction was funded with cash on hand. 
 
 The acquisitions of rms Connectors and EOS may hereafter be referred to collectively as either the "2021 Acquisitions" or the "2021 Acquired Companies". As of the respective acquisition dates, all of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their fair values and the Company's consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 include the operating results of the 2021 Acquired Companies from their respective acquisition dates through December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred million of acquisition-related costs related to the 2021 Acquisitions. acquisition-related costs were incurred during 2022. These costs are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

The final accounting related to the 2021 Acquisitions was completed as of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10 -K. The following table depicts the Company's final acquisition date fair values of the consideration transferred and identifiable net assets acquired in these transactions: 

Accounts receivable 
 Inventories 
 Other current assets 
 Property, plant and equipment 
 Intangible assets - 
 Other assets - 
 Total identifiable assets 
 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued expenses 
 Total liabilities assumed 
 Net identifiable assets acquired 
 Goodwill - 
 Net assets acquired 

Cash paid 
 Fair value of consideration transferred 

Measurement period adjustments recorded during 2021 on the EOS acquisition related to finalization of EOS' pre-acquisition balance sheet and the Company's completion of its preliminary valuation of EOS whereby million of intangible assets were identified and recorded on the consolidated balance sheet as of the acquisition date. These intangible assets are comprised of customer relationships valued at million (to be amortized over an estimated life of years) and the tradename, valued at million (to be amortized over an estimated life of years). 
 
 Based upon the purchase price allocation above, there is goodwill associated with the rms acquisition. The goodwill recognized in connection with the EOS acquisition as noted above has been allocated to the Company's Power Solutions and Protection segment and is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 The results of operations of the 2021 Acquired Companies have been included in the Company s consolidated financial statements for the periods subsequent to their respective acquisition dates. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the 2021 Acquired Companies together contributed aggregate revenues of million and total estimated net earnings of million to the Company since their respective acquisition dates. The unaudited pro forma information below presents the combined operating results of the Company and the 2021 Acquired Companies assuming that the acquisition of the 2021 Acquired Companies had occurred as of January 1, 2021. The unaudited pro forma results are presented for illustrative purposes only. They do not reflect the realization of any potential cost savings, or any related integration costs. This unaudited pro forma information does not purport to be indicative of the results that would have actually been obtained if the 2021 Acquisitions had occurred as of January 1, 2021, nor is the pro forma data intended to be a projection of results that may be achieved in the future. 

The following unaudited pro forma consolidated results of operations assume that the acquisition of the 2021 Acquired Companies was completed as of January 1, 2021: 

Net earnings 
 Earnings per Class A common share - basic and diluted 
 Earnings per Class B common share - basic and diluted 

Types of Contracts 
 
 Substantially all of the Company's revenue is derived from contracts with its customers under one of the following types of contracts: 
 
 Direct with customer: This includes contracts with original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), original design manufacturers (ODMs), and contract manufacturers (CMs). The nature of Bel's products are such that they represent components which are installed in various end applications e.g., servers, aircraft, missiles and rail applications). The OEMs, ODMs or CMs that purchase our product for further installation are our end customers. Contracts with these customers are broad-based and cover general terms and conditions. Details such as order volume and pricing are typically contained in individual purchase orders, and as a result, we view each product on each purchase order as an individual performance obligation. Incremental services included in the contracts, such as training, tooling and other customer support are determined to be immaterial in the context of the contract, both individually and in the aggregate. Revenue under these contracts is generally recognized at a point in time, generally upon shipping or delivery, which closely mirrors the shipping terms dictated by the applicable contract. 

Distributor: Distribution customers buy product directly from Bel and sell it in the marketplace to end customers. Bel contracts directly with the distributor. These contracts are typically global in nature and cover a variety of our product groups. Similar to contracts with OEMs, ODMs and CMs, each product on each purchase order is considered an individual performance obligation. Revenue is recognized at a point in time, generally upon shipping or delivery, which closely mirrors the shipping terms dictated by the applicable contract. 

Customer-Designated Hub Arrangements: These customers operate under a type of concession agreement whereby the Company ships goods to a warehouse or hub, where they will be pulled by the customer at a later date. The terms specified in the customer-designated hub contracts specify that the Company will not invoice the customer for product until it is pulled from the warehouse or hub. Once product arrives at the hub, it is generally not returned to Bel unless there is a warranty issue (see Note 1, "Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Product Warranties" above). Similar to the contracts described above, each product on each purchase order is considered an individual performance obligation. Under ASC 606, it was determined that the majority of these hubs are customer-controlled, and therefore control transfers to the customer upon either delivery from Bel's warehouse, or arrival at the customer-controlled hub, depending upon the applicable shipping terms. Revenue is therefore recognized as control of the product is transferred to the customer (for customer-controlled hubs, this is at the time product is shipped to the hub). The accompanying consolidated balance sheet reflects a corresponding unbilled receivable balance, as we do not have the right to invoice the customer until product is pulled from the hub. 

Licensing Agreements: License agreements are only applicable to our Power Solutions and Protection product group, and include provisions for Bel to receive sales-based royalty income related to the licensing of Bel's patents or other intellectual property (IP) utilized by a third -party entity. Income related to these agreements is tracked by the licensee throughout the year based on their sales of product that utilize Bel's IP, and that data is reported to Bel either on a quarterly or annual basis, with payment generally received within 30 days of the reporting date. Our performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the IP at the beginning of the license period, as the licenses are functional in nature. However, the recognition of revenue associated with these licenses is subject to the sales- or usage-based constraint on variable consideration. As such, the Company records a constrained estimate of this variable consideration as royalty income in the period of the underlying customers' product sales, with adjustments made as actual licensee sales data becomes available. 

Significant Payment Terms 
 
 Contracts with customers indicate the general terms and conditions in which business will be conducted for a set period of time. Individual purchase orders state the description, quantity and price of each product purchased. Payment for products sold under direct contracts with customers or contracts with distributors is typically due in full within 30 - 90 days from the transfer of title to the customer. Payment for products sold under our customer-designated hub arrangements is typically due within 60 days of the customer pulling the product from the hub. Payment due related to our licensing agreements is generally within 30 days of receiving the licensee sales data, which is either on a quarterly or annual basis. 
 
 Since the customer agrees to a stated price for each product on each purchase order, the majority of contracts are not subject to variable consideration. However, the "ship and debit" arrangements with distributors, royalty income associated with our licensing agreements, and the product returns described above are each deemed to be variable consideration which requires the Company to make constrained estimates based on historical data. 

Disaggregation of Revenue 
 
 The following table provides information about disaggregated revenue by geographic region and sales channel, and includes a reconciliation of the disaggregated revenue to our reportable segments: 

Europe 
 Asia 

By Sales Channel: 
 Direct to customer 
 Through distribution 

Europe 
 Asia 

By Sales Channel: 
 Direct to customer 
 Through distribution 

Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities : 
 
 A contract asset results when goods or services have been transferred to the customer but payment is contingent upon a future event, other than passage of time. In the case of our customer-controlled hub arrangements, we are unable to invoice the customer until product is pulled from the hub by the customer, which generates an unbilled receivable (a contract asset) when revenue is initially recognized. 
 
 A contract liability results when cash payments are received or due in advance of our performance obligation being met. We have certain customers who provide payment in advance of product being shipped, which results in deferred revenue (a contract liability). 
 
 The balances of the Company's contract assets and contract liabilities at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are as follows: 

Contract liabilities - current (deferred revenue) 

The change in balance of our unbilled receivables from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 primarily relates to a timing difference between the Company's performance (i.e. when our product is shipped to a customer-controlled hub) and the point at which the Company can invoice the customer per the terms of the customer contract (i.e. when the customer pulls our product from the customer-controlled hub). The deferred revenue balance is included within other current liabilities on the accompanying balance sheets. 
 
 A tabular presentation of the activity within the deferred revenue account for the year ended December 31, 2022 is presented below: 

New advance payments received 
 Recognized as revenue during period 
 Other adjustments 
 Currency translation 
 Balance, December 31 

The changes in the carrying value of goodwill classified by our segment reporting structure for the year ended December 31, 2022 are as noted in the table below. 

Goodwill, net 
 
 Goodwill allocation related to acquisition 
 Foreign currency translation 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022: 
 Goodwill, gross 
 Goodwill, net 

The Company has accumulated impairment charges totaling million, which were incurred under a former segment and reporting unit structure which was in place prior to October 1, 2019. 
 
 As discussed in Note 5, Fair Value Measurements , goodwill is reviewed for impairment on a reporting unit basis annually during the fourth quarter of each year and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable. In testing goodwill for impairment, we may perform both a qualitative assessment and quantitative assessment. For the qualitative test, the assessment is based on a review of general macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, changes in cost factors, overall financial performance (both actual and expected performance) and other reporting unit-specific events such as significant changes in management, customers, litigation or a change in the carrying amount of net assets. If it is determined that a potential impairment may exist, we would proceed with a quantitative assessment. In cases where we elect to perform a quantitative assessment, we estimate the fair value of these reporting units using a weighting of fair values derived from income and market approaches. Under the income approach, we determine the fair value of a reporting unit based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. Cash flow projections are based on management's estimates of revenue growth rates and operating margins, taking into consideration industry and market conditions. The discount rate used is based on a weighted average cost of capital adjusted for the relevant risk associated with the characteristics of the business and the projected cash flows. The market approach estimates fair value based on market multiples of revenue and earnings derived from comparable publicly traded companies with similar operating and investment characteristics as the reporting unit. 
 
 2022 Annual Impairment Test 
 
 The Company performed a qualitative assessment as of October 1, 2022 related to its EOS reporting unit, as the estimated fair value of this reporting unit significantly exceeded the carrying amount based on our baseline quantitative assessment, which was performed as of March 31, 2021. Our qualitative assessment determined that indicators that the fair value of this reporting unit was less than the carrying amount were not present. 
 
 On October 1, 2022, the Company completed a quantitative assessment of our annual goodwill impairment test for three of our reporting units. We concluded that the fair value of the Company's Connectivity Europe, Power Europe and CUI reporting units exceeded the carrying value and that there was no indication of impairment. 
 
 The excess of estimated fair values over carrying value, including goodwill for each of our reporting units that had goodwill as of the 2022 annual impairment test were as follows: 

Power Europe 
 CUI 

2021 Impairment Tests 
 
 On October 1, 2021, the Company completed a quantitative assessment of our annual goodwill impairment test for our reporting units. We concluded that the fair value of the Company's Connectivity Europe, Power Europe and CUI reporting units (the only reporting units with goodwill other than the 2021 acquisitions) exceeded the carrying value and that there was no indication of impairment. 

As noted above, the fair value determined in connection with the goodwill impairment test completed in the fourth quarter of 2022 exceeded the carrying value for each reporting unit. Therefore, there was impairment of goodwill. However, if the fair value decreases in future periods, the Company may need to complete an interim goodwill impairment test and any potential goodwill impairment charge would be dependent upon the estimated fair value of the reporting unit at that time and the outcome of the impairment test. The fair values of the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit, including the intangible assets, could vary depending on various factors. 
 
 The future occurrence of a potential indicator of impairment, such as a decrease in expected net earnings, adverse equity market conditions, a decline in current market multiples, a sustained decrease in the price of our common stock, a significant adverse change in legal factors or business climates, an adverse action or assessment by a regulator, unanticipated competition, strategic decisions made in response to economic or competitive conditions, or a more-likely-than- not expectation that a reporting unit or a significant portion of a reporting unit will be sold or disposed of, could require an interim assessment for some or all of the reporting units before the next required annual assessment. In the event of significant adverse changes of the nature described above, it may be necessary for us to recognize an additional non-cash impairment of goodwill, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. 
 
 Other Intangible Assets 
 
 Other identifiable intangible assets include patents, technology, license agreements, non-compete agreements and trademarks. Amounts assigned to these intangible assets have been determined by management. Management considered a number of factors in determining the allocations, including valuations and independent appraisals. Trademarks have indefinite lives and are reviewed for impairment on an annual basis, or when there is a triggering event. Other intangible assets, excluding trademarks, are being amortized over to y ears. 
 
 The Company tests indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment using a fair value approach, the relief-from-royalty method (a form of the income approach). At December 31, 2022 , the Company's indefinite-lived intangible assets related to the trademarks acquired in the CUI, Power Solutions, Connectivity Solutions, Cinch and Fibreco acquisitions. 
 
 The components of definite and indefinite-lived intangible assets are as follows: 

Customer relationships 
 Non-compete agreements 
 Trademarks 

Amortization expense was million and million during each of 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 
 Estimated amortization expense for intangible assets for the next five years is as follows: 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 

2022 and 2021 Impairment Tests 
 
 The Company completed its annual indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment test as of October 1, 2022 and October 1, 2021. Management has concluded that the fair value of these trademarks exceeded the related carrying values at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, with indication of impairment at either date. 

million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021 . 
 
 Throughout 2021 and 2022, the Company entered into a series of foreign currency forward contracts, the fair value of which was million at December 31, 2022 and less than million a t December 31, 2021 . The estimated fair value of foreign currency forward contracts is based on quotes received from the applicable counterparty, and represents the estimated amount we would receive or pay to settle the contracts, taking into consideration current exchange rates which can be validated through readily observable data from external sources (Level 2 ). 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company entered into two interest rate swap agreements as further described in Note 12, "Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities". The fair value of the interest rate swap agreements was million and m illion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which was based on data received from the counterparty, and represents the estimated amount we would receive or pay to settle the agreements, taking into consideration current and projected future interest rates as well as the creditworthiness of the parties, all of which can be validated through readily observable data from external sources. 
 
 The Company does not have any financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis categorized as Level 3, and there were no transfers in or out of Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3 during 2022 or 2021 . There were no changes to the Company s valuation techniques used to measure asset fair values on a recurring or nonrecurring basis during 2022 . 
 
 There were financial assets accounted for at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021 . 
 
 The Company has other financial instruments, such as cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses, which are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis but are recorded at amounts that approximate fair value due to their liquid or short-term nature. The fair value of the Company s long-term debt is estimated using a discounted cash flow method based on interest rates that are currently available for debt issuances with similar terms and maturities. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the estimated fair value of total debt was million and million, respectively, compared to a carrying amount of million and million, respectively. The Company did not have any other financial liabilities within the scope of the fair value disclosure requirements as of December 31, 2022 . 
 
 Nonfinancial assets and liabilities, such as goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets and long-lived assets, are accounted for at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. These items are tested for impairment upon the occurrence of a triggering event or in the case of goodwill, on at least an annual basis. See Note 4, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets," for further information about goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets. 

million and million, respectively, associated with its SERP. As a means of informally funding these obligations, the Company has invested in life insurance policies related to certain employees and marketable securities held in a rabbi trust. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , these assets had a combined value of million and million, respectively. 
 
 Company-Owned Life Insurance 
 
 Investments in company-owned life insurance policies ("COLI") were made with the intention of utilizing them as a long-term funding source for the Company's SERP obligations. However, the cash surrender value of the COLI does not represent a committed funding source for these obligations. Any proceeds from these policies are subject to claims from creditors. The cash surrender value of the COLI of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, is included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The volatility in global equity markets in recent years has also had an effect on the cash surrender value of the COLI policies. The Company recorded income (expense) to account for the (decrease) increase in cash surrender value in the amount of million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. These fluctuations are classified as other income (expense), net on the consolidated statements of operations for all periods presented. This classification is consistent with the costs associated with the long-term employee benefit obligations that the COLI is intended to fund. 
 
 Other Investments 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company held, in the aforementioned rabbi trust, available-for-sale investments at a cost of million and million, respectively. Together with the COLI described above, these investments are intended to fund the Company's SERP obligations and are classified as other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company monitors these investments for impairment on an ongoing basis. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the fair market value of these investments was million and million, respectively. 

Work in progress 
 Finished goods 
 Inventories 

Buildings and improvements 
 Machinery and equipment 
 Construction in progress 
 
 Accumulated depreciation 
 Property, plant and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, a total of million and million, respectively, of property was classified as assets held for sale on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet related to our corporate headquarters in Jersey City, New Jersey. 

million and million, respectively, of liabilities for uncertain tax positions. These amounts, if recognized, would reduce the Company s effective tax rate. As of December 31, 2022, approximately million of the Company s liabilities for uncertain tax positions are expected to be resolved during the next twelve months by way of expiration of the related statute of limitations. 
 
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of the liability for uncertain tax positions, including the portion included in income taxes payable, is as follows: 

Additions based on tax positions related to the current year 
 Translation adjustment 
 Settlement/expiration of statutes of limitations 
 Liability for uncertain tax positions - December 31 

The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of the current provision for income taxes. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, in interest and penalties in the consolidated statements of operations. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized a benefit of million and million, respectively, for the reversal of such interest and penalties, relating to the expiration of statues of limitations and settlement of the acquired liability for uncertain tax positions, respectively. The Company has approximately million and million accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included in both income taxes payable and liability for uncertain tax positions in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 The Company s total earnings before provision for income taxes included losses from domestic operations of million and million for 2022 and 2021, respectively, and earnings before provision for income taxes from foreign operations of million and million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The provision (benefit) for income taxes consists of the following: 

State 
 Foreign 
 
 Deferred: 
 Federal 
 State 
 Foreign 

A reconciliation of taxes on income computed at the U.S. federal statutory rate to amounts provided is as follows: 

(Decrease) increase in taxes resulting from: 
 Different tax rates applicable to foreign operations 
 Reversal of liability for uncertain tax positions - net 
 Research and experimentation and foreign tax credits 
 State taxes, net of federal benefit 
 SERP/COLI and restricted stock income 
 Other, net 
 Tax provision computed at the Company's effective tax rate 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company has million of deferred tax assets, which the Company evaluates for utilization on an annual basis. The Company has gross federal, state and foreign net operating losses NOL of million which amount to million of deferred tax assets. In addition, the Company has million of credit carryforwards and acquired deferred tax assets of million. The Company believes that it is more likely than not that the benefit arising from certain NOL, credit carryforwards and acquisition assets will not be realized. In recognition of this risk, the Company has provided a valuation allowance of million on these deferred tax assets. The federal and certain foreign NOL's can be carried forward indefinitely, the state and certain foreign NOL's expire at various times during 2026 2041 and the tax credit carryforwards expire at various times during 2029 - 2041. 
 
 Management has no specific plans to indefinitely reinvest the unremitted earnings of our foreign subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022. Applicable income and dividend withholding taxes of million have been reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. Due to the practicality of determining the deferred taxes on outside basis differences in our investments in our foreign subsidiaries, we have not provided for deferred taxes on outside basis differences and deemed that these basis differences will be indefinitely reinvested. 
 
 Components of deferred income tax assets and liabilities are as follows: 

(Decrease) increase in unfunded pension liability 
 Reserves and accruals 
 Federal, state and foreign net operating loss and credit carryforwards 
 Depreciation 
 Amortization 
 Lease accounting 
 Other accruals 
 Total deferred tax assets 
 Deferred tax liabilities: 
 Depreciation 
 Amortization 
 Lease accounting 
 Other accruals 
 Total deferred tax liabilities 
 Valuation allowance 
 Net deferred tax assets 

The Company continues to monitor proposed legislation affecting the taxation of transfers of U.S. intangible property and other potential tax law changes. 

million and million, respectively. The unused credit available under the credit facility was million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021 . The Company incurred million and million of interest expense during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in connection with interest due on its outstanding borrowings under the below-described credit agreements during each period, the effects of the 2021 Swaps and amortization of deferred financing costs. The interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 also included million of deferred financing costs amortized in connection with the extinguishment of debt under the Prior Credit Agreement (as defined below) as further described under "2021 Refinancing" below. 
 
 The interest rate in effect at December 31, 2022 was , which consisted of LIBOR o f plus the Company's margin of . T he interest rate in effect at December 31, 2021 was , which consisted of LIBOR of plus the Company's margin of . In order to manage our interest rate exposure on our borrowings, and as further described in Note 12, "Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities", the Company is party to the 2021 Swaps, each with an aggregate notional amount of million, or million in the aggregate, the effect of which is to fix the LIBOR portion of the interest rate on a portion of our outstanding debt on our Revolver. The 2021 Swaps require the Company to pay interest on the notional amount at the rate of and , respectively, in exchange for the one -month LIBOR rate. The effective rate of interest for our outstanding borrowings, including the impact of the 2021 Swaps, was and , respectively, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Prior Credit Agreement 
 
 Prior to September 2, 2021, the Company's credit agreement in effect included a Term Loan of million and an available Revolver of million. The borrowings under the Prior Credit Agreement bore interest at a rate equal to, at the Company's option, either 1 LIBOR, plus a margin ranging from per annum to per annum depending on the Company's leverage ratio, or 2 )(a) an "Alternate Base Rate," which was the highest of (i) the federal funds rate plus , (ii) KeyBank's prime rate and (iii) the LIBOR rate with a maturity of one month plus , plus (b) a margin ranging from per annum to per annum, depending on the Company's leverage ratio. The Prior Credit Agreement was due to expire on December 11, 2022. 

2021 Refinancing 
 
 On September 2, 2021, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement (the New Credit Agreement ), by and among the Company, as the borrower, KeyBank National Association KeyBank ), as administrative agent, swing line lender and issuing lender, and the other lenders identified therein. The New Credit Agreement amends, restates and supersedes Bel s Prior Credit Agreement. The New Credit Agreement provides Bel with a million -year senior secured revolving credit facility (the New Revolver ), with a sublimit of up to million available for letters of credit and a sublimit of up to million available for swing line loans. The New Revolver replaces and refinances the million revolving credit facility and the million term loan facility that had existed under the Prior Credit Agreement. 
 
 Concurrent with its entry into the New Credit Agreement, the Company borrowed million under the New Revolver facility, of which approximately million and million, respectively, was applied to discharge and satisfy in full the remaining obligations outstanding under the former term loan and the previous revolving credit facility that had existed under the Prior Credit Agreement. 
 
 Under the terms of the New Credit Agreement, the Company is entitled, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, to request additional commitments under the New Revolver or the addition of a term loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of up to million for all such increases (revolver and term) to the extent that existing or new lenders agree to provide such additional commitments and/or term loans. In addition to requesting loans denominated in U.S. dollars, the New Credit Agreement provides that up to a U.S. Dollar equivalent principal amount of million of the New Revolver may be borrowed by Bel in alternate foreign currencies including Euros, Pounds Sterling, Japanese Yen and such other currency as requested by Bel and consented to by KeyBank and each lender. 
 
 In connection with the effectiveness of the New Credit Agreement, the Company and certain of the Company s material U.S. subsidiaries (together with the Company, the Loan Parties provided to the administrative agent, for the benefit of the lenders, confirmation of the continuing use and effectiveness of each guaranty of payment and each security document executed and delivered by the Loan Parties in connection with the Prior Credit Agreement. As a result, consistent with the Prior Credit Agreement, the obligations of the Company under the New Credit Agreement are guaranteed by the Loan Parties material U.S. subsidiaries, and secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the existing and future personal property of the Loan Parties, certain material real property of the Loan Parties and certain of the Loan Parties material U.S. subsidiaries, including of the voting capital stock of certain of the Loan Parties direct foreign subsidiaries. 

The borrowings under the New Credit Agreement bear interest, generally payable quarterly, at a rate equal to, at the Company's option, either 1 LIBOR, plus a margin ranging from per annum to per annum depending on the Company s leverage ratio, or 2 )(a) an alternate Base Rate, which is the highest of (i) KeyBank s prime rate, (ii) the federal funds rate plus and (iii) the LIBOR rate with a maturity of one month plus , plus (b) a margin ranging from per annum to per annum, depending on the Company s leverage ratio. Additionally, the New Credit agreement contains standard provisions and procedures for transition to a benchmark other than the Eurodollar Rate to determine the applicable interest rate (including reference to the secured overnight financing rate (SOFR) published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York), with provisions applying that alternate benchmark where applicable following the replacement of LIBOR. Pursuant to the terms of the New Credit Agreement, the Company has agreed to pay to KeyBank, as administrative agent for the ratable account of the revolving lenders in consideration for their commitments in respect of the New Revolver, a commitment fee due quarterly in arrears and calculated based on the average unused amount of the facility (exclusive of swing line exposure), at a rate ranging from per annum to per annum, depending on the Company s leverage ratio. On January 12, 2023, the Company amended its New Credit Agreement for the purpose of transitioning its reference rate related to interest from LIBOR to SOFR. 
 
 Revolving loans borrowed under the New Credit Agreement mature on September 1, 2026, and the commitments with respect to the New Revolver will automatically terminate on such date. 
 
 The New Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, covenants and events of default. In addition, the New Credit Agreement contains financial covenants that measure (i) the ratio of the Company s total funded indebtedness, on a consolidated basis, less the aggregate amount of all unencumbered cash and cash equivalents, to the amount of the Company s consolidated EBITDA Leverage Ratio and (ii) the ratio of the amount of the Company s consolidated EBITDA to the Company s consolidated fixed charges Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio ). If an event of default occurs, the lenders under the New Credit Agreement would be entitled to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts due thereunder and all actions permitted to be taken by a secured creditor. 
 
 The Company recorded million of deferred financing costs associated with the New Credit Agreement, which are included in other current assets and other assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2021 and are being amortized to interest expense over the five -year term of the New Credit Agreement. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 , the Company was in compliance with its debt covenants, including its most restrictive covenant, t he Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio. 
 
 Interest Rate Swaps 
 
 In December 2021, the Company purchased two interest rate swaps (the "2021 Swaps"), each with an aggregate notional amount of million, or million in the aggregate, the effect of which is to fix the LIBOR portion of the interest rate on a portion of our outstanding debt on our New Revolver. The 2021 Swaps were effective December 31, 2021 and continue through August 31, 2026, the original termination date of the New Credit Agreement. The 2021 Swaps require the Company to pay interest on the notional amount at the rate of and , respectively, in exchange for the one -month LIBOR rate. See Note 12, "Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities" for further information on these interest rate derivative instruments entered into in connection with the New Credit Agreement. In connection with the above-noted related change to its credit agreement, on January 18, 2023, the Company amended its two interest rate swap agreements to transition the related reference rates in these agreements from LIBOR to SOFR, effective January 31, 2023. 
 
 Scheduled principal payments of the total debt outstanding at December 31, 2022 are as follows (in thousands): 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Total long-term debt 
 Less: Current maturities of long-term debt 
 Noncurrent portion of long-term debt 

Deferred revenue 
 Accrued restructuring costs 
 Sales commissions 
 Subcontracting labor 
 Warranty accrual 
 Other 

The change in warranty accrual during 2022 primarily related to repair costs incurred and adjustments to pre-existing warranties. There were no new material warranty charges incurred during 2022 . 
 
 Restructuring Activities : 
 
 Activity and liability balances related to restructuring costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Other restructuring costs 
 Total 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company's foreign currency forward contracts related to the Chinese renminbi are designated as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes and as such, changes in their fair value are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in the consolidated balance sheet and are reclassified into the statement of operations within cost of goods sold in the period in which the hedged transaction affects earnings. 
 
 Interest Rate Swap Agreements 
 To partially mitigate risks associated with the variable interest rates on the revolver borrowings under the New Credit Agreement, in November 2021, we executed a pay-fixed, receive-variable interest rate swap agreement with each of two multinational financial institutions under which we (i) pay interest at a fixed rate of and receive variable interest of one -month LIBOR on a notional amount of million and (ii) pay interest at a fixed rate of and receive variable interest of one -month LIBOR on a notional amount of 30.0 million (the 2021 Swaps ). The effective date of the 2021 Swaps was December 31, 2021, and settlements with the counterparties began on January 31, 2022 and occur on a monthly basis. The 2021 Swaps swill terminate on August 31, 2026. In January 2023, and in connection with related changes to its credit agreement, the Company amended its two interest rate swap agreements to transition the related reference rates in these agreements from LIBOR to SOFR, effective January 31, 2023. 
 
 The 2021 Swaps are designated as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes and as such, changes in their fair value are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in the consolidated balance sheet and are reclassified into the statement of operations within interest expense in the period in which the hedged transaction affects earnings. 

Fair Values of Derivative Financial Instruments 
 
 The fair values of our derivative financial instruments and their classifications in our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

Interest rate swap agreements: 
 Designated as a cash flow hedge Other assets 
 Total derivative assets 
 
 Derivative liabilities: 
 Foreign currency forward contracts: 
 Not designated as hedging instruments Other current liabilities 
 Interest rate swap agreements: 
 Designated as a cash flow hedge Other long-term liabilities 
 Total derivative liabilities 

Derivative Financial Instruments in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships 
 
 The effects of derivative financial instruments designated as cash flow hedges on accumulated other comprehensive loss AOCL and on the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 Interest rate swap agreements 

Net (losses) gains reclassified from AOCL to the consolidated statement of operations: 
 Foreign currency forward contracts 
 Interest rate swap agreements 

The losses related to the foreign currency forward contracts are included as a component of currency translation adjustment on the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Derivative Financial Instruments Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
 
 (Losses) gains recognized on derivative financial instruments not designated as hedging instruments in our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

industry with reportable operating segments, which represent the Company's product groups and a corporate segment. The segments consist of Connectivity Solutions, Power Solutions and Protection, Magnetic Solutions and a Corporate segment. The primary criteria by which financial performance is evaluated and resources are allocated are net sales and gross profit. The following is a summary of key financial data: 

Gross Profit 
 Gross Profit nm 
 Total Assets 
 Capital Expenditures 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expense 

Gross Profit 
 Gross Profit nm 
 Total Assets 
 Capital Expenditures 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expense 

Entity-Wide Information 
 
 The following is a summary of entity-wide information related to the Company's net sales to external customers by geographic area and by major product line. 

People's Republic of China 
 Macao 
 United Kingdom 
 Slovakia 
 Germany 
 India 
 Switzerland 
 All other foreign countries 
 Consolidated net sales 
 
 Net Sales by Major Product Line: 
 
 Connectivity solutions 
 Magnetic solutions 
 Power solutions and protection 
 Consolidated net sales 

The following is a summary of long-lived assets by geographic area as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 : 

People's Republic of China (PRC) 
 Slovakia 
 United Kingdom 
 All other foreign countries 
 Consolidated long-lived assets 

Long-lived assets consist of property, plant and equipment, net and other assets of the Company that are identified with the operations of each geographic area. 
 
 The territory of Hong Kong became a Special Administrative Region ("SAR") of the PRC in the middle of 1997. The territory of Macao became a SAR of the PRC at the end of 1999. Management cannot presently predict what future impact this will have on the Company, if any, or how the political climate in the PRC will affect the Company's contractual arrangements in the PRC. A significant portion of the Company's manufacturing operations and approximately of its identifiable assets are located in Asia. 
 
 Net Sales to Major Customers 
 
 The Company had net sales to customer in excess of ten percent of consolidated net sales in 2022 and 2021 . The net sales associated with this customer we re million of sales) in 2022 and million of sales) in 2021 . Net sales related to this significant customer were primarily reflected in the Magnetic Solutions operating segment. 

of the first 1 of compensation contributed by participants, and of the next 5 of compensation contributed by participants. The Company's matching contribution is made in the form of Bel Fuse Inc. Class A common stock. Prior to January 1, 2012, the Company's matching and profit sharing contributions were made in the form of shares of Bel Fuse Inc. Class A and Class B common stock. The expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to million an d mi llion, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 , the plan owned approximately shares a nd sha res of Bel Fuse Inc. Class A and Class B common stock, respectively. 
 
 The Company also maintains a Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan (the "DCP"). With certain exceptions, the Company's contributions to the DCP are discretionary and become fully vested by the participants upon reaching age . The expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to million during each period. As the plan is fully funded, the assets and liabilities related to the DCP were in equal amounts of million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. These amounts are included in other assets and other liabilities, respectively, on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of each date. 
 
 The Company's subsidiaries in Asia have a retirement fund covering substantially all of their Hong Kong based full-time employees. Eligible employees contribute up to of salary to the fund. In addition, the Company must contribute a minimum of of eligible salary, as determined by Hong Kong government regulations. The Company currently contributes of eligible salary in cash. The expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to approximately million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the plan owned and shares of Bel Fuse Inc. Class A and Class B common stock, respectively. During the second quarter of 2022, the Company repurchased all shares back from the Asia retirement plan and shares were owned by the plan as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company maintains a SERP, which is designed to provide a limited group of key management and other key employees of the Company with supplemental retirement and death benefits. Participants in the SERP are selected by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The SERP initially became effective in 2002 and was amended and restated in April 2007 to conform with applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code and to modify the provisions regarding benefits payable in connection with a change in control of the Company. The Plan is unfunded. Benefits under the SERP are payable from the general assets of the Company, but the Company has established a rabbi trust which includes certain life insurance policies in effect on participants as well as other investments to partially cover the Company's obligations under the Plan. See Note 6, "Other Assets," for further information on these assets. 
 
 The benefits available under the SERP vary according to when and how the participant terminates employment with the Company. If a participant retires (with the prior written consent of the Company) on his normal retirement date 65 years old, 20 years of service, and 5 years of Plan participation), his normal retirement benefit under the Plan would be annual payments equal to of his average base compensation (calculated using compensation from the highest five consecutive calendar years of Plan participation), payable in monthly installments for the remainder of his life. If a participant retires early from the Company 55 years old, 20 years of service, and five years of Plan participation), his early retirement benefit under the Plan would be an amount (i) calculated as if his early retirement date were in fact his normal retirement date, (ii) multiplied by a fraction, with the numerator being the actual years of service the participant has with the Company and the denominator being the years of service the participant would have had if he had retired at age 65, and (iii) actuarially reduced to reflect the early retirement date. If a participant dies prior to receiving monthly payments under the Plan, his beneficiary would be entitled to continue receiving benefits for the shorter of (i) the time necessary to complete 120 monthly payments or (ii) 60 months. If a participant dies while employed by the Company, his beneficiary would receive, as a survivor benefit, an annual amount equal to (i) of the participant's annual base salary at date of death for one year, and (ii) of the participant's annual base salary at date of death for each of the following four years, each payable in monthly installments. The Plan also provides for disability benefits, and a forfeiture of benefits if a participant terminates employment for reasons other than those contemplated under the Plan. The expense related to the Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to million and million, respectively. 
 
 Net Periodic Benefit Cost 
 The net periodic benefit cost related to the SERP consisted of the following components during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 : 

Interest Cost 
 Net amortization 
 Net periodic benefit cost 

The service cost component of net benefit cost is presented within cost of sales or selling, general and administrative expense on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations, in accordance with where compensation cost for the related associate is reported. All other components of net benefit cost, including interest cost and net amortization noted above, are presented within other expense, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Obligations and Funded Status Summarized information about the changes in plan assets and benefit obligation, the funded status and the amounts recorded at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Benefits paid 
 Fair value of plan assets, December 31 - - 
 Benefit obligation, January 1 
 Service cost 
 Interest cost 
 Benefits paid 
 Actuarial gains 
 Benefit obligation, December 31 
 Underfunded status, December 31 

The Company has recorded the 2022 and 2021 underfunded status as a long-term liability on the consolidated balance sheets. The accumulated benefit obligation for the SERP was million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021 . The aforementioned company-owned life insurance policies and marketable securities held in a rabbi trust had a combined value of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. See Note 6, "Other Assets," for additional information on these investments. 
 
 The estimated net loss and prior service cost for the SERP that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year is 0.1 million. The Company expects to make contributions of million to the SERP in 2023. The Company had no net transition assets or obligations recognized as an adjustment to other comprehensive income and does not anticipate any plan assets being returned to the Company during 2023, as the plan has no assets. 

The following benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, are expected to be paid: 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 - 2032 

The following gross amounts are recognized net of tax in accumulated other comprehensive loss: 

Net (gain) loss 

Actuarial Assumptions 
 
 The weighted average assumptions used in determining the periodic net cost and benefit obligation information related to the SERP are as follows: 

Rate of compensation increase 
 Benefit obligation: 
 Discount rate 
 Rate of compensation increase 

million shares of the Company's Class B common stock. At December 31, 2022, shares remained available for future issuance under the 2020 Equity Compensation Plan. 
 
 The Company records compensation expense in its consolidated statements of operations related to employee stock-based options and awards. The aggregate pretax compensation cost recognized for stock-based compensation amounted to approximately million and million for 2022 and 2021 , respectively, and related solely to restricted stock awards. The Company did not use any cash to settle any equity instruments granted under share-based arrangements during 2022 and 2021 . At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the only instruments issued and outstanding under the Program related to restricted stock awards. 
 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 
 The Company provides common stock awards to certain officers, directors and key employees. The Company grants these awards, at its discretion, from the shares available under the Program. Unless otherwise provided at the date of grant or unless subsequently accelerated, the shares awarded are typically earned in increments on the second, third, fourth and fifth anniversaries of the award and are distributed provided the employee has remained employed by the Company through such anniversary dates; otherwise the unearned shares are forfeited. The market value of these shares at the date of award is recorded as compensation expense on the straight-line method over the applicable vesting period from the respective award dates, as adjusted for forfeitures of unvested awards. During 2022 and 2021 , the Company issued shares and shares of the Company's Class B common stock, respectively, under a restricted stock plan to various officers, directors and employees. 
 
 A summary of the restricted stock activity under the Program for the year ended December 31, 2022 is presented below: 
 
 3.2 
 Granted 
 Vested 
 Forfeited 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 4.4 

As of December 31, 2022 , there was million of total pretax unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock-based compensation arrangements granted under the restricted stock award plan. That cost is expected to be recognized over a period of years. This expense is recorded in cost of sales, R D and SG A expense based upon the employment classification of the award recipients. 
 
 The Company's policy is to issue new shares to satisfy restricted stock awards. Currently the Company believes that the majority of its restricted stock awards will vest. 

of the Company's Class A common stock in the aggregate and had not taken steps to either purchase the required number of Class B common shares or sell or otherwise transfer Class A common shares until its Class A holdings fall below 10 . Unless and until this situation is satisfied in a manner permitted by the Company's Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the subject shareholder will not be permitted to vote its shares of common stock. 
 
 Throughout 2022 and 2021 , the Company declared cash dividends on a quarterly basis at a rate of per Class A (voting) share of common stock and per Class B (non-voting) share of common stock. The Company declared and paid cash dividends totaling million in each of 2022 and 2021 . There are no contractual restrictions on the Company's ability to pay dividends, provided that the Company is not in default under its credit agreement immediately before such payment and after giving effect to such payment. 

Interest on lease liabilities - finance leases 
 Operating lease cost (cost resulting from lease payments) 
 Short-term lease cost 
 Variable lease cost (cost excluded from lease payments) 
 Sublease income 
 Total lease cost 

Supplemental cash flow information related to leases is as follows: 

Operating cash flows from finance leases 
 Finance cash flows from finance leases 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: 
 Operating leases 
 Finance leases 

Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows: 

Operating lease liability, current 
 Operating lease liability, long-term 
 Total operating lease liabilities 
 
 Finance Leases: 
 Property, plant and equipment, gross 
 Accumulated depreciation 
 Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Other current liabilities 
 Other long-term liabilities 
 Total finance lease liabilities 

Finance leases (in years) 
 
 Weighted-Average Discount Rate: 
 Operating leases 
 Finance leases 

Our discount rate is based on our incremental borrowing rate, as adjusted based on the geographic regions in which our lease assets are located. 

Maturities of lease liabilities were as follows as of December 31, 2022 : 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Thereafter 
 Total undiscounted cash flows 
 Less imputed interest 
 Present value of lease liabilities 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , respectively. The Company also had outstanding purchase orders related to capital expenditures in the amount of million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , respectively. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 The Company is party to a number of legal actions and claims, none of which individually or in the aggregate, in the opinion of management, are expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated results of operations or consolidated financial position. 
 
 On June 23, 2021, a patent infringement lawsuit styled Bel Power Solutions, Inc. v. Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. , Case Number 6:21cv00655, was filed in the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas (Waco Division) by Bel Power Solutions, Inc. against Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. ("MPS") for infringement of various patents directed towards systems, methods and articles of manufacture that provide a substantial improvement in power control for circuits, including novel and unique point-of-load regulators. MPS filed a Motion to Dismiss and a Motion to Transfer Venue to the Northern District of California in September 2021. On May 5, 2022, the Western District of Texas court denied MPS s motion to dismiss and its efforts to challenge venue. As such, the suit shall remain and continue in the Western District of Texas. The Company has made a demand for a jury trial. 
 
 In connection with the Company's 2014 acquisition of the Power-One Power Solutions business ("Power Solutions") of ABB Ltd., there is an ongoing claim by the Arezzo Revenue Agency in Italy concerning certain tax matters related to what was then Power-One Asia Pacific Electronics Shenzhen Co. Ltd. (now Bel Power Solutions Asia Pacific Electronics Shenzhen Co. Ltd, or BPS China for the years 2004 to 2006. In September 2012, the Tax Court of Arezzo ruled in favor of BPS China and cancelled the claim. In February 2013, the Arezzo Revenue Agency filed an appeal of the Tax Court s ruling. The hearing of the appeal was held on October 2, 2014. On October 13, 2014, BPS China was informed of the Regional Tax Commission of Florence ruling which was in favor of the Arezzo Revenue Agency and against BPS China. An appeal was filed on July 18, 2015 before the Regional Tax Commission of Florence and rejected. On December 5, 2016, the Arezzo Revenue Agency filed an appeal with the Supreme Court and BPS China filed a counter-appeal on January 4, 2017. The Supreme Court has yet to render its judgment. The estimated liability related to this matter is approximately million and has been included as a liability for uncertain tax positions on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 . As Bel is fully indemnified in this matter per the terms of the stock purchase agreement with ABB, a corresponding other asset for indemnification is also included in other assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 

The Company is not a party to any other legal proceeding, the adverse outcome of which is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial condition or consolidated results of operations. 

Unrealized holding gains (losses) on interest rate swap cash flow hedge, net of taxes of 0 at December 31, 2022 and 0 at December 31, 2021 
 Unrealized holding gains on marketable securities, net of taxes of 7) at December 31, 2022 and 7) at December 31, 2021 
 Unfunded SERP liability, net of taxes of 879 at December 31, 2022 and 502) at December 31, 2021 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Changes in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income by component during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows. All amounts are net of tax. 
 
 19 (4,940 (18,063 
 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 10 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (a) 
 Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 10 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 (14,911 (116 29 (18,863 
 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications (11 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (a) 
 Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) (11 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 (23,107 5,539 18 (16,546 

(a) This reclassification relates to the amortization of prior service costs and gains/losses associated with the Company's SERP plan. This expense is reflected in other expense, net on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

million). Under the terms of the investment agreement, if innolectric achieves certain profitability thresholds within a specified timeframe, the Company would be committed to acquiring the remaining shares of innolectric at that time. 
 
 Credit Agreement Items 
 
 On January 12, 2023, the Company amended its New Credit Agreement for the purpose of transitioning its reference rate related to interest from LIBOR to SOFR. In connection with this change to its credit agreement, on January 18, 2023, the Company amended its two interest rate swap agreements, further described in Note 12, "Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities" to also transition the related reference rates in these agreements from LIBOR to SOFR, effective January 31, 2023. 
 
 In January 2023, the Company borrowed an additional million from its revolving credit facility. 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company's management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, supervised and participated in the evaluation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) related to the recording, processing, summarization, and reporting of information in the Company's periodic reports that the Company files with the SEC. These disclosure controls and procedures have been designed to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its subsidiaries, is made known to the Company's management, including these officers, by other of the Company's employees, and that this information is recorded, processed, summarized, evaluated, and reported, as applicable, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. 
 
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, the Company recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the above objectives have been met. Notwithstanding these limitations, the Company believes that its disclosure controls and procedures are designed and are operating to provide reasonable assurances of achieving their objectives. 
 
 Based on their evaluation as of December 31, 2022, the Company's principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) are effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. 
 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including the Company's principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 Based on the Company's evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) , the Company's management concluded that the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Grant Thornton LLP has audited the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 and has expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 in their report which is included in Item 8 herein. 
 
 Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There has not been any change in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 The discussion captioned Overview Other Key Factors Affecting our Business Restructuring, as set forth in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, above, is hereby incorporated by reference into this Part II, Item 9B, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 

77

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The Registrant incorporates by reference herein information to be set forth in its definitive proxy statement for its 2023 annual meeting of shareholders that is responsive to the information required with respect to this item. 
 
 The Registrant has adopted a code of ethics for all of its associates, including directors, executive officers and all other senior financial personnel. The code of ethics, as amended from time to time, is available on the Registrant's website under Corporate Governance. The Registrant will also make copies of its code of ethics available to investors upon request. Any such request should be sent by mail to Bel Fuse Inc., 206 Van Vorst Street, Jersey City, NJ 07302 Attn: Farouq Tuweiq or should be made by telephone by calling Farouq Tuweiq at 201-432-0463. 
 The Registrant intends to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or a waiver from, a provision of its code of ethics that applies to the Registrant s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions and that relates to any element of the code of ethics definition enumerated in paragraph (b) of Item 406 of the SEC s Regulation S-K, by posting such information on the Registrant s website, www.belfuse.com. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The Registrant incorporates by reference herein information to be set forth in its definitive proxy statement for its 2023 annual meeting of shareholders that is responsive to the information required with respect to this Item. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The Registrant incorporates by reference herein information to be set forth in its definitive proxy statement for its 2023 annual meeting of shareholders that is responsive to the remaining information required with respect to this Item. 
 
 The table below depicts the securities authorized for issuance under the Company's equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (a) 

Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (b) 

Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) (c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 

2020 Equity Compensation Plan 

- 

- 

502,500 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

- 

- 

- 

Totals 

- 

- 

502,500 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The Registrant incorporates by reference herein information to be set forth in its definitive proxy statement for its 2023 annual meeting of shareholders that is responsive to the information required with respect to this Item. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The Registrant incorporates by reference herein information to be set forth in its definitive proxy statement for its 2023 annual meeting of shareholders that is responsive to the information required with respect to this Item. 

78

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) Documents filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: (1) Financial Statements See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. (2) Exhibits 

Exhibit No.: 

3.1 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, is incorporated by reference to (i) Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed as Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 1998 and (ii) Certificate of Amendment to the Company's Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999 . 

3.2 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Bel Fuse Inc. (Adopted March 27, 2020), are incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 2, 2020. 

4.1 
 Description of securities. 

10.1 
 2020 Equity Compensation Plan, as amended, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 12, 2020. 

10.2 
 Amended and Restated Bel Fuse Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, dated as of April 17, 2007. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.3 
 2011 Equity Compensation Program. Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's proxy statement for its 2011 annual meeting of shareholders. 

10.4 
 First Amendment Agreement, dated as of January 12, 2023, to Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of September 2, 2021, by and among Bel Fuse Inc., as Borrower, KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and Issuing Lender, and the other lenders identified therein. 

10.5 
 Conformed Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of September 2, 2021 (reflecting changes thereto pursuant to First Amendment Agreement dated as of January 12, 2023), by and among Bel Fuse Inc., as Borrower, KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and Issuing Lender, and the other lenders identified therein. 

10.6 
 ISDA Master Agreement, by and between Bel Fuse Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association, dated as of November 10, 2021, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 10, 2021. 

10.7 
 ISDA Master Agreement, by and between Bel Fuse Inc. and KeyBank National Association, dated as of November 16, 2021, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 10, 2021. 

10.8 
 Amended Confirmation of Transaction, by and between Bel Fuse Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association, dated as of January 18, 2023. 

10.9 
 Amended Confirmation of Transaction, by and between Bel Fuse Inc. and KeyBank National Association, dated as of January 18, 2023. 

10.10 
 Consulting Agreement, dated October 15, 2021, by and between Bel Fuse Inc. and HR Asset Partners, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed on March 14, 2022. 

10.11 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2022, by and between Bel Fuse Inc. and Farouq Tuweiq, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022 filed on May 6, 2022. 

10.12 
 Offer Letter, dated July 27, 2022, between Bel Fuse Inc. and Kenneth Lai, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2022 filed on November 4, 2022. 

10.13 
 Offer Letter, dated October 25, 2022, between Bel Fuse Inc. and Suzanne Kozlovsky. 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Grant Thornton LLP). 

79

Table of Contents 

24.1 
 Power of attorney (included on the signature page) 

31.1 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 
 Submitted herewith. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 

80

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BEL FUSE INC. (Registrant) 

By: 
 /s/ Daniel Bernstein 

Daniel Bernstein 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: March 10, 2 023 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Daniel Bernstein and Farouq Tuweiq as his/her attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him/her and in his/her name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign and file any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, with all exhibits thereto and hereto, and other documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he/she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Daniel Bernstein 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 

Daniel Bernstein 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Peter Gilbert 
 
 Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 

Peter Gilbert 

/s/ John Tweedy 
 
 Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 

John Tweedy 

/s/ Mark Segall 
 
 Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 

Mark Segall 

/s/ Eric Nowling 
 
 Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 

Eric Nowling 

/s/ Vincent Vellucci 
 
 Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 

Vincent Vellucci 

/s/ Thomas E. Dooley 
 
 Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 

Thomas E. Dooley 

/s/ Rita V. Smith 
 
 Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 

Rita V. Smith 

/s/ Jacqueline Brito 
 
 Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 

Jacqueline Brito 

/s/ Farouq Tuweiq 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 10, 2023 

Farouq Tuweiq 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Lynn Hutkin 
 
 Vice President of Financial Reporting Investor Relations 
 
 March 10, 2023 

Lynn Hutkin 
 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

81

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex_450574.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.1

ex_450574.htm 

Exhibit 4.1 

Description of Capital Stock 

Bel Fuse Inc. (the Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.10 per share (the Class A Common Stock ), and 30,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock, par value 0.10 per share (the Class B Common Stock and, together with the Class A Common Stock, the Common Stock ). As of March 1, 2023, there were 2,141,589 shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding and 10,642,760 shares of Class B Common Stock outstanding. 

The Company is also authorized to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, no par value (the Preferred Stock ), none of which are outstanding. 

Common Stock 

Voting 

Except as described below under the caption "Class B Protection," each share of Class A entitles the holder thereof to one vote per share on all matters on which shareholders are entitled to vote, including the election of directors. The Class B Common Stock does not entitle the holder thereof to any vote except as otherwise provided in the Company s certificate of incorporation or as required by law. 

Dividends and Other Distributions 

Cash dividends are payable to the holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock only as and when declared by the Board of Directors. Subject to the foregoing, cash dividends declared on shares of Class B Common Stock in any calendar year cannot be less than 5 higher per share than the annual amount of cash dividends per share declared in such calendar year on shares of Class A Common Stock. No cash dividends may be paid on shares of Class A Common Stock unless, at the same time, cash dividends are paid on shares of Class B Common Stock, subject to the annual 5 provision described above. Cash dividends may be paid at any time or from time to time on shares of Class B Common Stock without corresponding cash dividends being paid on shares of Class A Common Stock. 

Each share of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock is otherwise equal with respect to dividends (other than cash) and distributions (including distributions in connection with any recapitalization and upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company), except that dividends or other distributions payable on the Common Stock in shares of Common Stock may be made only as follows: (i) in shares of Class B Common Stock to the holders of both Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock; or (ii) in shares of Class A Common Stock to the holders of Class A Common Stock and in shares of Class B Common Stock to the holders of Class B Common Stock. The Company s certificate of incorporation also provides that neither the Class A Common Stock nor the Class B Common Stock may be split, subdivided or combined unless the other is proportionately split, subdivided or combined. 

1

The respective amounts of future dividends, if any, to be declared on each class of Common Stock depends on circumstances existing at the time, including the Company's financial condition, capital requirements, earnings, legally available funds for the payment of dividends and other relevant factors. 

Merger and Consolidations 

Each holder of Class B Common Stock is entitled to receive the same amount and form of consideration per share as the per-share consideration, if any, received by any holder of the Class A Common Stock in a merger or consolidation of the Company (whether or not the Company is the surviving corporation). 

Class B Protection 

The provisions described under this caption (the Class B Protection Provisions may have an anti-takeover effect by making the Company a less attractive target for a takeover bid. 

For purposes of the Class B Protection Provisions, the following definitions apply: 

"Affiliate" of any Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such Person. For purposes of this definition, control when used with respect to any specified Person means the possession of the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms controlling and controlled have meanings correlative to the foregoing. 

"4 Shareholder" means any Person that, alone or together with any Affiliate, or any member of the immediate family (or trusts for the benefit thereof) of any such Person or Affiliate, beneficially owned at June 9, 1998, at least 4 of the aggregate number of shares of the Company s Common Stock then outstanding. 

"1934 Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

"Person" means any individual, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, corporation, association, trust, incorporated organization, government or governmental department or agency or any other entity (other than the Company). 

For purposes of the Class B Protection Provisions as set forth in the Company s certificate of incorporation, the following shares of Class A Common Stock are excluded for the purpose of determining the shares of Class A Common Stock beneficially owned or acquired by any Person or group but not for the purpose of determining shares outstanding: 

(a) shares beneficially owned by such Person or group (or, in the case of a group, shares beneficially owned by Persons that are members of such group), immediately after the effective time of the recapitalization in 1998 when the Company caused each share of its Common Stock to be converted into one half share of Class A Common Stock and one half share of Class B Common Stock (the Effective Time 

2

(b) shares acquired by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, or by a gift that is made in good faith and not for the purpose of circumventing the Class B Protection Provisions, or by termination or revocation of a trust or similar arrangement or by a distribution from a trust or similar arrangement if such trust or similar arrangement was created, and such termination, revocation or distribution occurred or was effected, in good faith and not for the purpose of circumventing the Class B Protection Provisions, or by reason of the ability of a secured party (following a default) to exercise voting rights with respect to, or to dispose of, shares that had been pledged in good faith as security for a bona fide loan, or by foreclosure of a bona fide pledge which secures a bona fide loan; 

(c) shares acquired upon issuance or sale by the Company; 

(d) shares acquired by operation of law (including a merger or consolidation effected for the purpose of recapitalizing a Person or reincorporating a Person in another jurisdiction but excluding a merger or consolidation effected for the purpose of acquiring another Person); 

(e) shares acquired in exchange for Common Stock by a holder of Common Stock (or by a parent, lineal descendant or donee of such holder of Common Stock who received such Common Stock from such holder) if the Common Stock so exchanged was acquired by such holder directly from the Company as a dividend on shares of Class A Common Stock; 

(f) shares acquired by a plan of the Company qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any successor provision thereto, or acquired by reason of a distribution from such a plan; 

(g) shares beneficially owned by a Person or group immediately after the Effective Time which are thereafter acquired by an Affiliate of such Person or group (or by the members of the immediate family (or trusts for the benefit thereof) of any such Person or Affiliate) or by a group which includes such Person or group or any such Affiliate; and 

(h) shares acquired indirectly through the acquisition of securities, or all or substantially all of the assets, of a Person that has a class of its equity securities registered under Section 12 (or any successor provision) of the 1934 Act. 

For purposes of calculating the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned or acquired by any Person or group in administering the Class B Protection Provisions: 

(a) shares of Common Stock acquired by gift are deemed to be beneficially owned by such Person or member of a group if such gift was made in good faith and not for the purpose of circumventing the operations of the Class B Protection Provisions; and 

3

(b) only shares of Common Stock owned of record by such Person or member of a group or held by others as nominees of such Person or member of a group and identified as such to the Company shall be deemed to be beneficially owned by such Person or group (provided that shares of Common Stock with respect to which such Person or member of a group has sole investment and voting power shall be deemed to be beneficially owned thereby). 

Subject to the other definitional provisions applicable to the Class B Protection Provisions, "beneficial ownership" under the Class B Protection Provisions is to be determined pursuant to Rule 13d-3 (as in effect on February 1, 1996) promulgated under the 1934 Act, and the formation or existence of a "group" is to be determined pursuant to Rule 13d-5(b) (as in effect on May 1, 1998) promulgated under the 1934 Act, in each case subject to the following additional qualifications: 

(a) relationships by blood or marriage between or among any Persons will not constitute any of such Persons as a member of a group with any such other Person(s), absent affirmative attributes of concerted action; and 

(b) any Person acting in his or her official capacity as a director or officer of the Company shall not be deemed to beneficially own shares where such ownership exists solely by virtue of such Person's status as a trustee (or similar position) with respect to shares held by plans or trusts for the general benefit of employees or former employees of the Company, and actions taken or agreed to be taken by a Person in such Person's official capacity as an officer or director of the Company will not cause such Person to become a member of a group with any other Person. 

If any Person or group (other than any 4 Shareholder) acquires after the Effective Time beneficial ownership of shares representing 10 or more of the then outstanding Class A Common Stock, and such Person or group (a "Significant Shareholder") does not then beneficially own an equal or greater percentage of all then outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock, all of which Class B Common Stock must have been acquired by such Person or group after the Effective Time, the Class B Protection Provisions require that such Significant Shareholder must, in order to maintain all of its voting power, make (within a ninety-day period beginning the day after becoming a Significant Shareholder) a public cash tender offer, in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, to acquire additional shares of Class B Common Stock (a "Class B Protection Transaction"). The 10 ownership threshold of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock which triggers a Class B Protection Provision may not be waived by the Board of Directors, nor may this threshold be amended without shareholder approval, including a majority vote of the votes cast by the then outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock entitled to vote, tabulated separately as a class. 

The Company s certificate of incorporation contains several provisions describing the nature of the public cash tender offer to be made by a Significant Shareholder. If a Significant Shareholder fails to make a tender offer required by the Class B Protection Provisions, or to purchase validly tendered and not withdrawn shares (after proration, if any), the voting rights of all of the shares of Class A Common Stock beneficially owned by such Significant Shareholder which were acquired after the Effective Time are to be automatically suspended until completion of a Class B Protection Transaction or until divestiture of the excess shares of Class A Common Stock that triggered such requirement. To the extent that the voting power of any shares of Class A Common Stock is so suspended, such shares will not be included in the determination of aggregate voting shares for any purpose. 

4

A Class B Protection Transaction is also required of any Significant Shareholder each time that the Significant Shareholder acquires after the Effective Time beneficial ownership of an additional amount of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to or greater than the next higher integral multiple of 5 in excess of 10 (e.g., 20 , 25 , 30 , etc.) of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and such Significant Shareholder does not then own an equal or greater percentage of all then outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock that such Significant Shareholder acquired after the Effective Time. Such Significant Shareholder would be required to offer to buy that number of additional shares prescribed by a formula set forth in the Company s certificate of incorporation. 

The Class B Protection Provisions specifically exclude any 4 Shareholder. 

Neither the Class B Protection Transaction requirement nor the related possibility of suspension of voting rights applies to any increase in percentage beneficial ownership of shares of Class A Common Stock resulting solely from a change in the total number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding, provided that any acquisition after such change which results in any Person or group having acquired after the Effective Time beneficial ownership of 10 or more of the number of then outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock (or, after the last acquisition which triggered the requirement for a Class B Protection Transaction, additional shares of Class A Common Stock in an amount equal to the next higher integral multiple of 5 in excess of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock then outstanding) is subject to any Class B Protection Transaction requirement that would be otherwise imposed. All calculations with respect to percentage beneficial ownership of issued and outstanding shares of either class of Common Stock are to be based upon the number of issued and outstanding shares reported by the Company on the last to be filed of (i) the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, (ii) its most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, (iii) its most recent Current Report on Form 8-K, and (iv) its most recent definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC. 

Convertibility 

Except as described below, neither the Class A Common Stock nor the Class B Common Stock is convertible into another class of Common Stock or any other security of the Company. 

The Class B Common Stock may be converted into Class A Common Stock on a share-for-share basis by resolution of the Board of Directors if, as a result of the existence of the Class B Common Stock, the Class A Common Stock or the Class B Common Stock or both become excluded from quotation on the NASDAQ National Market System or, if such shares are then quoted on another national quotation system or listed on a national securities exchange, from trading on the principal national quotation system or national securities exchange on which the shares are then traded. 

5

In addition, if at any time, as a result of additional issuances by the Company of Class B Common Stock, repurchases by the Company of Class A Common Stock or a combination of such issuances and repurchases, the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock as reflected on the stock transfer books of the Company falls below 10 of the aggregate number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, then immediately upon the occurrence of such event all of the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock will be automatically converted into shares of Class A Common Stock, on a share-for-share basis. For purposes of the immediately preceding sentence, any shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock repurchased or otherwise acquired by the Company and held as treasury shares will no longer be deemed "outstanding" from and after the date of acquisition. 

Preemptive Rights 

The Common Stock does not carry any preemptive rights enabling a holder thereof to subscribe for or receive shares of any class of stock of the Company or any securities convertible into shares of any class of stock of the Company. 

Preferred Stock 

Pursuant to the Company s certificate of incorporation, the Company s board of directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue from time to time up to 1,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series. The Company s board of directors may designate the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the Preferred Stock, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, redemption rights, liquidation preference, sinking fund terms and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of any series. The issuance of Preferred Stock could have the effect of limiting dividends on the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, diluting the voting power of the Class A Common Stock, impairing the liquidation rights of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock or delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control. Such issuance could have the effect of decreasing the market price of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. 

Anti-takeover Effects of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and New Jersey Law 

The Company s certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another party from acquiring control of the Company. These provisions and certain provisions of New Jersey law, which are summarized below, could discourage takeovers, coercive or otherwise. These provisions are also designed, in part, to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of the Company to negotiate first with the Company s board of directors. The Company believes that the benefits of increased protection of its potential ability to negotiate with an unfriendly or unsolicited acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging a proposal to acquire the Company. 

Dual class stock . As described above, the Company s certificate of incorporation provides for a dual class common stock structure, which provides the holders of the Class A Common Stock (other than those whose right to vote has been suspended) significant influence over all matters requiring shareholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of the Company or its assets. 

6

Issuance of undesignated preferred stock . As discussed above, the Company s board of directors has the ability to designate and issue Preferred Stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could deter hostile takeovers or delay changes in the Company s control or management. 

Board classification . The Company s certificate of incorporation provides that its board of directors is divided into three classes, one class of which is elected each year by the Company s voting shareholders. The directors in each class serve for a three-year term. The Company s classified board of directors may tend to discourage a third party from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company because it generally makes it more difficult for shareholders to replace a majority of the directors. 

Greater Than Majority Vote . The Company s certificate of incorporation provides that in addition to any other voting requirement imposed by law, by contract, by the Company s certificate of incorporation or by the Company s by-laws, specific greater than majority voting requirements will apply in order to approve certain Business Combinations (as defined in the Company s certificate of incorporation) unless the applicable Business Combination is approved by a majority of the Company s Continuing Directors (as defined in the Company s certificate of incorporation) or the consideration payable to shareholders in the transaction meets certain stringent requirements. The specific greater than majority voting requirements mandate that (in the absence of such Board approval or satisfaction of the stringent consideration requirements) approval be granted by holders of (i) at least 80 of the shares entitled to vote on the transaction and (ii) at least a majority of the shares entitled to vote on the Business Combination excluding shares held by Related Persons (as defined in the Company s certificate of incorporation) and their affiliates (with certain variances depending upon whether or not the Business Combination involves a liquidation or dissolution). This provision is intended to encourage potential bidders to negotiate with the Board and its representatives. This provision, and the New Jersey legislation described in the next two paragraphs, may have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions that the Company s board of directors does not approve in advance and may discourage attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares of Common Stock held by the Company s shareholders. 

New Jersey Legislation. Similarly, for public companies incorporated in New Jersey (such as the Company), the New Jersey Business Corporation Act contains mandatory provisions that are designed to encourage potential bidders to negotiate with the board of directors and its representatives in connection with certain business combinations. The New Jersey Business Corporation Act provides that no such companies may engage in any business combination (as defined in the New Jersey Business Corporation Act) with any interested stockholder (generally a 10 or greater stockholder) of such companies for a period of five years following such interested stockholder s stock acquisition date (as defined in the New Jersey Business Corporation Act), unless (x) such business combination is approved by the board of directors of such corporation prior to the interested stockholder s stock acquisition date or (y) the transaction or series of transactions that caused the interested stockholder to become an interested stockholder is approved by the board of directors of the corporation prior to that stockholder s stock acquisition date and a subsequent business combination is approved by (i) directors who are independent of the interested stockholder and (ii) holders of a majority of the voting shares (excluding the shares owned by the interested stockholder). 

7

In addition, no such company may engage, after the five year period, in any business combination with any interested stockholder of such corporation other than: (i) a business combination approved by the board of directors prior to that stockholder s stock acquisition date, (ii) a business combination approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of the voting stock not beneficially owned by such interested stockholder, (iii) a business combination in which the interested stockholder pays a formula price designed to ensure that all other shareholders receive at least the highest price per share paid by such interested stockholder or (iv) a business combination that is approved by (a) directors who are independent of the interested stockholder and (b) holders of a majority of the voting shares (excluding the shares owned by the interested stockholder) if the transaction or series of related transactions that caused the interested stockholder to become an interested stockholder was approved by the board of directors of such company prior to the consummation of such transaction or series of related transactions. 

Limits on ability of stockholders to call a special meeting . Subject to provisions of New Jersey law that permit holders of at least 10 of the Class A Common Stock to petition a New Jersey court to order a special meeting of shareholders for good cause shown, the Company s bylaws provide that special meetings of the stockholders may be called only by the president or a majority of the board of directors. This provision may delay the ability of the Company s shareholders to force consideration of a proposal or for holders controlling a majority of the Class a Common Stock to take any action. 

Requirements for advance notification of shareholder nominations and proposals . The Company s bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect to shareholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as directors at the Company s annual meeting of shareholders, other than nominations made by or at the direction of the Company s board of directors. These advance notice procedures may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the proper procedures are not followed and may also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or otherwise attempt to obtain control of the Company. 

Election and removal of directors . Under the Company s certificate of incorporation, newly created directorships on the board of directors may be filled only by the affirmative vote of three quarters of the directors then serving on the board of directors. Under the Company s certificate of incorporation, directors may be removed by shareholders only for cause and only with the approval of holders of two-thirds of the shares entitled to vote on removal. 

The provisions of New Jersey law and the provisions of the Company s certificate of incorporation and bylaws could have the effect of discouraging others from attempting hostile takeovers and, as a consequence, they might also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the market price of the Common Stock that often result from actual or rumored hostile takeover attempts. These provisions might also have the effect of preventing changes in the Company s management. It is also possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that shareholders might otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.4>
 3
 ex_484463.htm
 FIRST AMENDMENT AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 12, 2023, TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF SEPTEMBER 2, 2021

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 10.4 

FIRST AMENDMENT AGREEMENT 

This FIRST AMENDMENT AGREEMENT (this Amendment is made as of the 12 th day of January, 2023 among: 

(a) BEL FUSE INC., a New Jersey corporation (the Borrower 

(b) the Lenders, as defined in the Credit Agreement, as hereinafter defined; and 

(c) KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as the administrative agent for the Lenders under the Credit Agreement (the Administrative Agent ). 

WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated September 2, 2021 (as the same may from time to time be amended, restated or otherwise modified, the Credit Agreement 

WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders desire to amend the Credit Agreement to modify certain provisions thereof and add certain provisions thereto; 

WHEREAS, each capitalized term used herein and defined in the Credit Agreement, but not otherwise defined herein, shall have the meaning given such term in the Credit Agreement; and 

WHEREAS, unless otherwise specifically provided herein, the provisions of the Credit Agreement revised herein are amended effective as of the date of this Amendment; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual covenants herein and for other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree as follows: 

1. Amendment to Credit Agreement . The body of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the red, stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text and to add the blue, double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined text as set forth in the pages of the Credit Agreement attached as Exhibit A hereto. 

2. Amendment to Exhibit to Credit Agreement . The Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete Exhibit C (Form of Notice of Loan) therefrom and to insert in place thereof a new Exhibit C (Form of Notice of Loan) in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto. 

3. Delayed Rate Switch for Prior USD LIBOR Loans . This Amendment shall not apply with respect to any credit extension requested, made or outstanding that bears interest with reference to a USD LIBOR (as defined in the Credit Agreement immediately prior to the effectiveness of this Amendment) rate that is or was set at any time prior to the date of effectiveness of this Amendment and is held constant for a specifically designated period and is not reset on a daily or a substantially daily basis (disregarding day count, weekend or holiday conventions), and notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the applicable provisions of the Credit Agreement in effect immediately prior to the effectiveness of this Amendment shall continue in effect solely for such purpose; provided that, with respect to any such credit extension described in this Section 3, such credit extension shall only continue in effect in accordance with its terms until the then-current Interest Period (or similar or analogous period) for such credit extension has concluded. 

1

4. Closing Deliveries . Concurrently with the execution of this Amendment, the Borrower shall: 

(a) cause each Guarantor of Payment to execute the attached Guarantor Acknowledgment and Agreement; 

(b) pay a working fee to the Administrative Agent, for the pro-rata benefit of each Lender executing this Amendment, in an amount equal to Ten Thousand Dollars 10,000) multiplied by the number of Lenders executing this Amendment; and 

(c) pay all legal fees and expenses of the Administrative Agent in connection with this Amendment and any other Loan Documents. 

5. Representations and Warranties . The Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that (a) the Borrower has the legal power and authority to execute and deliver this Amendment; (b) the officers executing this Amendment have been duly authorized to execute and deliver the same and bind the Borrower with respect to the provisions hereof; (c) the execution and delivery hereof by the Borrower and the performance and observance by the Borrower of the provisions hereof do not violate or conflict with the Organizational Documents of the Borrower or any law applicable to the Borrower or result in a breach of any provision of or constitute a default under any other agreement, instrument or document binding upon or enforceable against the Borrower; (d) no Default or Event of Default exists, nor will any occur immediately after the execution and delivery of this Amendment or by the performance or observance of any provision hereof; (e) each of the representations and warranties contained in the Loan Documents is true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof as if made on the date hereof, except to the extent that any such representation or warranty expressly states that it relates to an earlier date (in which case such representation or warranty is true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date); (f) the Borrower is not aware of any claim or offset against, or defense or counterclaim to, the Borrower s obligations or liabilities under the Credit Agreement or any other Related Writing; and (g) this Amendment constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Borrower in every respect, enforceable in accordance with its terms. 

6. Waiver and Release . The Borrower, by signing below, hereby waives and releases the Administrative Agent, and each of the Lenders, and their respective directors, officers, employees, attorneys, affiliates and subsidiaries, from any and all claims, offsets, defenses and counterclaims, such waiver and release being with full knowledge and understanding of the circumstances and effect thereof and after having consulted legal counsel with respect thereto. 

2

7. References to Credit Agreement and Ratification . Each reference to the Credit Agreement that is made in the Credit Agreement or any other Related Writing shall hereafter be construed as a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, all terms and provisions of the Credit Agreement are confirmed and ratified and shall remain in full force and effect and be unaffected hereby. This Amendment is a Loan Document. 

8. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, by different parties hereto in separate counterparts and by facsimile or other electronic signature, each of which, when so executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same agreement. 

9. Headings . The headings, captions and arrangements used in this Amendment are for convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Amendment. 

10. Severability . Any provision of this Amendment that shall be prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

11. Governing Law . The rights and obligations of all parties hereto shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.] 

3

JURY TRIAL WAIVER . THE BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE LENDERS, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EACH HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO HAVE A JURY PARTICIPATE IN RESOLVING ANY DISPUTE, WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, AMONG THE BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE LENDERS, OR ANY THEREOF, ARISING OUT OF, IN CONNECTION WITH, RELATED TO, OR INCIDENTAL TO THE RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED AMONG THEM IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AMENDMENT OR ANY NOTE OR OTHER INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT EXECUTED OR DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed and delivered this Amendment as of the date first set forth above. 

BEL FUSE INC. 

			 By: /s/ Farouq Tuweiq 

			 Farouq Tuweiq 

			 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Signature Page to

First Amendment Agreement

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

			 as the Administrative Agent and as a Lender 

			 By: /s/ Eric W. Domin 

			 Name: Eric Domin 

			 Title: VP 

Signature Page to

First Amendment Agreement

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. 

			 By: /s/ Dilcia P. Hill 

			 Name: Dilcia P. Hill 

			 Title: Senior Vice President 

Signature Page to

First Amendment Agreement

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

			 By: /s/ Jeffrey Bartfeld 

			 Name: Jeffrey Bartfeld 

			 Title: Managing Director 

Signature Page to

First Amendment Agreement

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

			 By: /s/ Lauren M. Potts 

			 Name: Lauren M. Potts 

			 Title: Vice President 

Signature Page to

First Amendment Agreement

BMO HARRIS BANK, N.A. 

			 By: /s/ Jamie E. Hosler 

			 Name: Jamie E. Hosler 

			 Title: Managing Director 

Signature Page to

First Amendment Agreement

GUARANTOR ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND AGREEMENT 

The undersigned consent and agree to and acknowledge the terms of the foregoing First Amendment Agreement. The undersigned further agree that the obligations of the undersigned pursuant to the Guaranty of Payment executed by the undersigned are hereby ratified and shall remain in full force and effect and be unaffected hereby. 

The undersigned hereby waive and release the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and their respective directors, officers, employees, attorneys, affiliates and subsidiaries from any and all claims, offsets, defenses and counterclaims of any kind or nature, absolute and contingent, of which the undersigned are aware or should be aware, such waiver and release being with full knowledge and understanding of the circumstances and effect thereof and after having consulted legal counsel with respect thereto. 

JURY TRIAL WAIVER . THE UNDERSIGNED, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO HAVE A JURY PARTICIPATE IN RESOLVING ANY DISPUTE, WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, AMONG THE BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, THE LENDERS AND THE UNDERSIGNED, OR ANY THEREOF, ARISING OUT OF, IN CONNECTION WITH, RELATED TO, OR INCIDENTAL TO THE RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED AMONG THEM IN CONNECTION WITH THIS GUARANTOR ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND AGREEMENT, THE AMENDMENT OR ANY NOTE OR OTHER INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT EXECUTED OR DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO. 

BEL CONNECTOR INC. 

			 BEL POWER SOLUTIONS INC. 

			 BEL TRANSFORMER INC. 

			 BEL VENTURES INC. 

			 CINCH CONNECTIVITY SOLUTIONS INC. 

			 RMS CONNECTORS, LLC 

			 STRATOS INTERNATIONAL, LLC 

			 STRATOS LIGHTWAVE LLC 

			 STRATOS LIGHTWAVE-FLORIDA LLC 

			 TROMPETER ELECTRONICS, INC. 

By: /s/ Farouq Tuweiq 

			 Farouq Tuweiq 

			 Treasurer and Secretary 

BEL WORKSOP LLC 

			 CONNECTOR OWNERSHIP LLC 

By: Bel Fuse Inc., its sole member 

By: /s/ Farouq Tuweiq 

			 Farouq Tuweiq 

			 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Signature Page to

Guarantor Acknowledgment and Agreement

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 4
 ex_484313.htm
 CONFORMED AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF SEPTEMBER 2, 2021 (REFLECTING CHANGES THERETO PURSUANT TO FIRST AMENDMENT AGREEMENT DATED AS OF JANUARY 12, 2023)

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 10.5 

EXHIBIT A 

 TO FIRST AMENDMENT AGREEMENT 

========================================================================================================================================== 

Conformed Credit Agreement reflecting changes pursuant to 

 First Amendment Agreement dated as of January 12, 2023 

 Published Transaction CUSIP Number: 07734RAE8 

 Published Revolver CUSIP Number: 07734RAF5 

 AMENDED AND RESTATED 

 CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

 among 

 BEL FUSE INC. 

 as Borrower 

 THE LENDERS NAMED HEREIN 

 as Lenders 

 and 

 KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

 as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and Issuing Lender 

 KEYBANC CAPITAL MARKETS INC. 

 as Joint Lead Arranger and Sole Book Runner 

 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. 

 HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

 as Joint Lead Arrangers and Co-Documentation Agents 

 BMO HARRIS BANK, N.A. 

 as Senior Managing Agent 

 _____________________ 

 dated as of 

 September 2, 2021 

 _____________________ 

========================================================================================================================================== 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS 

2 

Section 1.1. Definitions 

2 

Section 1.2. Accounting Terms 

42 

Section 1.3. Terms Generally 

42 

Section 1.4. Confirmation of Recitals 

42 

Section 1.5. Divisions 

42 

Section 1.6. Rates 

43 

ARTICLE II. AMOUNT AND TERMS OF CREDIT 

44 

Section 2.1. Amount and Nature of Credit 

44 

Section 2.2. Revolving Credit Commitment 

44 

Section 2.3. Reserved 

49 

Section 2.4. Interest 

49 

Section 2.5. Evidence of Indebtedness 

50 

Section 2.6. Notice of Loans and Credit Events; Funding of Loans 

51 

Section 2.7. Payment on Loans and Other Obligations 

52 

Section 2.8. Prepayment 

54 

Section 2.9. Commitment and Other Fees 

54 

Section 2.10. Modifications to Commitments 

55 

Section 2.11. Computation of Interest and Fees 

58 

Section 2.12. Mandatory Payments 

59 

Section 2.13. Swap Obligations Make-Well Provision 

59 

Section 2.14. Cash Collateral 

60 

ARTICLE III. ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO FIXED RATE LOANS; INCREASED CAPITAL; TAXES 

61 

Section 3.1. Requirements of Law 

61 

Section 3.2. Taxes 

62 

Section 3.3. Funding Losses 

66 

Section 3.4. Change of Lending Office 

67 

Section 3.5. Fixed Rate Lending Unlawful; Inability to Determine Rate 

67 

Section 3.6. Replacement of Lenders 

69 

Section 3.7. Discretion of Lenders as to Manner of Funding 

69 

Section 3.8. Permanent Inability to Determine Rate; Benchmark Replacement 

70 

ARTICLE IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

71 

Section 4.1. Conditions to Each Credit Event 

71 

Section 4.2. Conditions to the First Credit Event 

72 

Section 4.3. Post-Closing Conditions 

74 

ARTICLE V. COVENANTS 

75 

Section 5.1. Insurance 

75 

Section 5.2. Money Obligations 

75 

Section 5.3. Financial Statements and Information 

76 

Section 5.4. Financial Records 

77 

Section 5.5. Franchises; Change in Business 

77 

Section 5.6. ERISA Pension and Benefit Plan Compliance 

77 

i

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Section 5.7. Financial Covenants 

78 

Section 5.8. Borrowing 

78 

Section 5.9. Liens 

79 

Section 5.10. Regulations T, U and X 

80 

Section 5.11. Investments, Loans and Guaranties 

80 

Section 5.12. Merger and Sale of Assets 

81 

Section 5.13. Acquisitions 

82 

Section 5.14. Notice 

83 

Section 5.15. Restricted Payments 

83 

Section 5.16. Environmental Compliance 

83 

Section 5.17. Affiliate Transactions 

84 

Section 5.18. Use of Proceeds 

84 

Section 5.19. Corporate Names and Locations of Collateral 

84 

Section 5.20. Subsidiary Guaranties, Security Documents and Pledge of Stock or Other Ownership Interest 

85 

Section 5.21. Collateral 

86 

Section 5.22. Property Acquired Subsequent to the Closing Date and Right to Take Additional Collateral 

88 

Section 5.23. Restrictive Agreements 

89 

Section 5.24. Other Covenants and Provisions 

89 

Section 5.25. Guaranty Under Material Indebtedness Agreement 

89 

Section 5.26. Amendment of Organizational Documents 

90 

Section 5.27. Fiscal Year of the Borrower 

90 

Section 5.28. Further Assurances 

90 

Section 5.29. Flood Hazard 

90 

Section 5.30. Beneficial Ownership 

90 

Section 5.31. Compliance with Laws 

90 

ARTICLE VI. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

91 

Section 6.1. Corporate Existence; Subsidiaries; Foreign Qualification 

91 

Section 6.2. Corporate Authority 

91 

Section 6.3. Compliance with Laws and Contracts 

91 

Section 6.4. Litigation and Administrative Proceedings 

92 

Section 6.5. Title to Assets 

92 

Section 6.6. Liens and Security Interests 

92 

Section 6.7. Tax Returns 

93 

Section 6.8. Environmental Laws 

93 

Section 6.9. Locations 

93 

Section 6.10. Continued Business 

93 

Section 6.11. Employee Benefits Plans 

94 

Section 6.12. Consents or Approvals 

94 

Section 6.13. Solvency 

94 

Section 6.14. Financial Statements 

95 

Section 6.15. Regulations 

95 

Section 6.16. Material Agreements 

95 

Section 6.17. Intellectual Property 

95 

ii

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Section 6.18. Insurance 

95 

Section 6.19. Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts 

96 

Section 6.20. Accurate and Complete Statements 

96 

Section 6.21. Investment Company; Other Restrictions 

96 

Section 6.22. Defaults 

96 

Section 6.23. Beneficial Ownership 

96 

ARTICLE VII. SECURITY 

96 

Section 7.1. Security Interest in Collateral 

96 

Section 7.2. Collections and Receipt of Proceeds by Borrower 

96 

Section 7.3. Collections and Receipt of Proceeds by Administrative Agent 

98 

Section 7.4. Administrative Agent s Authority Under Pledged Notes 

99 

Section 7.5. Commercial Tort Claims 

99 

Section 7.6. Use of Inventory and Equipment 

100 

ARTICLE VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

100 

Section 8.1. Payments 

100 

Section 8.2. Special Covenants 

100 

Section 8.3. Other Covenants 

100 

Section 8.4. Representations and Warranties 

100 

Section 8.5. Cross Default 

100 

Section 8.6. ERISA Default 

100 

Section 8.7. Change in Control 

101 

Section 8.8. Judgments 

101 

Section 8.9. Material Adverse Change 

101 

Section 8.10. Security 

101 

Section 8.11. Validity of Loan Documents 

101 

Section 8.12. Solvency 

102 

ARTICLE IX. REMEDIES UPON DEFAULT 

102 

Section 9.1. Optional Defaults 

102 

Section 9.2. Automatic Defaults 

103 

Section 9.3. Letters of Credit 

103 

Section 9.4. Offsets 

103 

Section 9.5. Equalization Provisions 

104 

Section 9.6. Collateral 

104 

Section 9.7. Other Remedies 

105 

Section 9.8. Application of Proceeds 

105 

Section 9.9. Alternate Currency Loans Conversion 

107 

ARTICLE X. THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 

107 

Section 10.1. Appointment and Authorization 

107 

Section 10.2. Note Holders 

108 

Section 10.3. Consultation With Counsel 

108 

Section 10.4. Documents 

108 

Section 10.5. Administrative Agent and Affiliates 

108 

Section 10.6. Knowledge or Notice of Default 

108 

iii

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Section 10.7. Action by Administrative Agent 

109 

Section 10.8. Release of Collateral or Guarantor of Payment 

109 

Section 10.9. Delegation of Duties 

109 

Section 10.10. Indemnification of Administrative Agent 

109 

Section 10.11. Successor Administrative Agent 

110 

Section 10.12. Issuing Lender 

111 

Section 10.13. Swing Line Lender 

111 

Section 10.14. Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 

111 

Section 10.15. No Reliance on Administrative Agent s Customer Identification Program 

111 

Section 10.16. Other Agents 

112 

Section 10.17. Platform 

112 

Section 10.18. Acknowledgements Regarding Erroneous Payments 

113 

ARTICLE XI. MISCELLANEOUS 

115 

Section 11.1. Lenders Independent Investigation 

115 

Section 11.2. No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies 

115 

Section 11.3. Amendments, Waivers and Consents 

116 

Section 11.4. Notices 

117 

Section 11.5. Costs, Expenses and Documentary Taxes 

118 

Section 11.6. Indemnification 

118 

Section 11.7. Obligations Several; No Fiduciary Obligations 

119 

Section 11.8. Execution in Counterparts 

119 

Section 11.9. Successors and Assigns 

119 

Section 11.10. Defaulting Lenders 

123 

Section 11.11. Patriot Act Notice 

126 

Section 11.12. Severability of Provisions; Captions; Attachments 

127 

Section 11.13. Investment Purpose 

127 

Section 11.14. Entire Agreement 

127 

Section 11.15. Limitations on Liability of the Issuing Lender 

127 

Section 11.16. General Limitation of Liability 

128 

Section 11.17. No Duty 

128 

Section 11.18. Legal Representation of Parties 

128 

Section 11.19. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction 

128 

Section 11.20. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 

129 

Section 11.21. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 

129 

Section 11.22. Certain ERISA Matters 

130 

Section 11.23. Judgment Currency 

131 

Jury Trial Waiver 

Signature Page 1 

Exhibit A Form of Revolving Credit Note 

 Exhibit B Form of Swing Line Note 

 Exhibit C Form of Notice of Loan 

 Exhibit D Form of Compliance Certificate 

 Exhibit E Form of Assignment and Assumption Agreement 

iv

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Exhibit F 1 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

 Exhibit F 2 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

 Exhibit F 3 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

 Exhibit F 4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Schedule 1 Commitments of Lenders 

 Schedule 2 Guarantors of Payment 

 Schedule 3 Pledged Securities 

 Schedule 5.8 Indebtedness 

 Schedule 5.9 Liens 

 Schedule 5.11 Permitted Foreign Subsidiary Loans, Guaranties and Investments 

 Schedule 6.1 Corporate Existence; Subsidiaries; Foreign Qualification 

 Schedule 6.4 Litigation and Administrative Proceedings 

 Schedule 6.5(a) Real Estate Owned by the Companies 

 Schedule 6.5(b) Real Property 

 Schedule 6.9 Locations 

 Schedule 6.11 Employee Benefits Plans 

 Schedule 6.16 Material Agreements 

 Schedule 6.17 Intellectual Property 

 Schedule 6.18 Insurance 

 Schedule 7.4 Pledged Notes 

 Schedule 7.5 Commercial Tort Claims 

v

This AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT (as the same may from time to time be amended, restated or otherwise modified, this Agreement is made effective September 2, 2021 among: 

(a) BEL FUSE INC., a New Jersey corporation (the Borrower 

(b) the lenders listed on Schedule 1 hereto and each other Eligible Assignee, as hereinafter defined, that from time to time becomes a party hereto pursuant to Section 2.10(b) or 11.9 hereof (collectively, the Lenders and, individually, each a Lender and 

(c) KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as the administrative agent for the Lenders under this Agreement (the Administrative Agent ), the Swing Line Lender and the Issuing Lender. 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the lenders named therein entered into that certain Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of June 19, 2014 and amended and restated as of June 30, 2014 (the Original Credit Agreement 

WHEREAS, this Agreement amends and restates in its entirety the Original Credit Agreement and, upon the effectiveness of this Agreement, the terms and provisions of the Original Credit Agreement shall be superseded hereby. All references to Credit Agreement contained in the Loan Documents, as defined in the Original Credit Agreement, delivered in connection with the Original Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the amendment and restatement of the Original Credit Agreement by this Agreement, the obligations outstanding (including, but not limited to, the letters of credit issued and outstanding) under the Original Credit Agreement as of September 2, 2021 shall remain outstanding and constitute continuing Obligations hereunder; provided that, on the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent shall, with the cooperation of the Lenders, cause the amounts of the commitments, existing loans and participations in letters of credit under the Original Credit Agreement to be, as applicable, re-allocated among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitment Percentages established pursuant to this Agreement. Such outstanding Obligations and the guaranties of payment thereof shall in all respects be continuing, and this Agreement shall not be deemed to evidence or result in a novation or repayment and re-borrowing of such Obligations. In furtherance of and, without limiting the foregoing, from and after the date hereof and except as expressly specified herein, the terms, conditions, and covenants governing the obligations outstanding under the Original Credit Agreement shall be solely as set forth in this Agreement, which shall supersede the Original Credit Agreement in its entirety; 

WHEREAS, it is the intent of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that the provisions of this Agreement be effective commencing on the Closing Date; and 

1

WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders have contracted for the establishment of credits in the aggregate principal amounts hereinafter set forth, to be made available to the Borrower upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth; 

NOW, THEREFORE, it is mutually agreed as follows: 

ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.1. Definitions . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 

Account means an account, as that term is defined in the U.C.C. 

Account Debtor means an account debtor, as that term is defined in the U.C.C., or any other Person obligated to pay all or any part of an Account in any manner and includes (without limitation) any Guarantor thereof. 

Acquisition means any transaction or series of related transactions for the purpose of or resulting, directly or indirectly, in (a) the acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets of any Person (other than a Company), or any business unit or division of any Person (other than a Company), (b) the acquisition of in excess of fifty percent (50 of the outstanding capital stock (or other equity interest) of any Person (other than a Company), or (c) the acquisition of another Person (other than a Company) by a merger, amalgamation or consolidation or any other combination with such Person. 

Additional Commitment means that term as defined in Section 2.10(b)(i) hereof. 

Additional Lender means an Eligible Assignee that shall become a Lender during the Commitment Increase Period pursuant to Section 2.10(b) hereof. 

Additional Lender Assumption Agreement means an additional lender assumption agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, wherein an Additional Lender shall become a Lender. 

Additional Lender Assumption Effective Date means that term as defined in Section 2.10(b)(ii) hereof. 

Additional Term Loan Facility means that term as defined in Section 2.10(b)(i) hereof. 

Additional Term Loan Facility Amendment means that term as defined in Section 2.10(c)(ii) hereof. 

Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR means, with respect to a Daily Simple SOFR Loan, the greater of (a) the sum of (i) Daily Simple SOFR and (ii) the SOFR Index Adjustment and (b) the Floor. 

2

Adjusted Term SOFR means for any Available Tenor and Interest Period with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the greater of (a) the sum of (i) Term SOFR for such Interest Period and (ii) the SOFR Index Adjustment, and (b) the Floor. 

Administrative Agent means that term as defined in the first paragraph of this Agreement. 

Administrative Agent Fee Letter means the Administrative Agent Fee Letter between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, dated as of the Closing Date, as the same may from time to time be amended, restated or otherwise modified. 

Administrative Questionnaire means an administrative questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 

Advantage means any payment (whether made voluntarily or involuntarily, by offset of any deposit or other indebtedness or otherwise) received by any Lender in respect of the Obligations, if such payment results in that Lender having less than its pro rata share (based upon its Commitment Percentage) of the Obligations then outstanding. 

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 

Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly or indirectly through one (1) or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 

Agent Parties means that term as defined in Section 10.17(b) hereof. 

Agreement means that term as defined in the first paragraph of this agreement. 

Alternate Currency means Euros, Pounds Sterling, Japanese Yen and each other currency as requested by the Borrower and consented to by the Administrative Agent and each Lender; provided that for each Alternate Currency, such requested currency is an Eligible Currency. 

Alternate Currency Exposure means, at any time and without duplication, the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate principal amount of Alternate Currency Loans. 

Alternate Currency Loan means a Revolving Loan described in Section 2.2 hereof, that shall be denominated in an Alternate Currency and on which the Borrower shall pay interest at the Derived Alternate Currency Rate. 

Alternate Currency Maximum Amount means Fifteen Million Dollars 15,000,000). 

3

Alternate Currency Rate means, with respect to an Alternate Currency Loan (a) denominated in Euros, EURIBOR, (b) denominated in Pounds Sterling, the Daily Simple RFR with respect to Pounds Sterling plus the applicable RFR Adjustment, and (c) denominated in Japanese Yen, the Daily Simple RFR with respect to Japanese Yen plus the applicable RFR Adjustment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time the Alternate Currency Rate as determined above is less than the Floor, it shall be deemed to be the Floor for purposes of this Agreement. 

Anti-Corruption Laws means all Laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 

Applicable Commitment Fee Rate means: 

(a) for the period from the Closing Date through November 30, 2021, twenty-seven and one-half (27.50) basis points; and 

(b) commencing with the Consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2021, the number of basis points set forth in the following matrix, based upon the result of the computation of the Leverage Ratio as set forth in the Compliance Certificate for such fiscal period, shall be used to establish the number of basis points that will go into effect on December 1, 2021 and, thereafter, as set forth in each successive Compliance Certificate, as provided below: 

Leverage Ratio 

Applicable Commitment Fee Rate 

Greater than or equal to 2.50 to 1.00 

30.00 basis points 

Greater than or equal to 2.00 to 1.00 but less than 2.50 to 1.00 

27.50 basis points 

Greater than or equal to 1.50 to 1.00 but less than 2.00 to 1.00 

25.00 basis points 

Less than 1.50 to 1.00 

20.00 basis points 

After December 1, 2021, changes to the Applicable Commitment Fee Rate shall be effective on the first day of each calendar month following the date upon which the Administrative Agent should have received, pursuant to Section 5.3(c) hereof, the Compliance Certificate. The above pricing matrix does not modify or waive, in any respect, the requirements of Section 5.7 hereof, the rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to charge the Default Rate, or the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Articles VIII and IX hereof. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) during any period when the Borrower shall have failed to timely deliver the Consolidated financial statements pursuant to Section 5.3(a) or (b) hereof, or the Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 5.3(c) hereof, until such time as the appropriate Consolidated financial statements and Compliance Certificate are delivered, the Applicable Commitment Fee Rate shall be the highest rate per annum indicated in the above pricing grid regardless of the Leverage Ratio at such time, and (ii) in the event that any financial information or certification provided to the Administrative Agent in the Compliance Certificate is shown to be inaccurate (regardless of whether this Agreement or the Commitment is in effect when such inaccuracy is discovered), and such inaccuracy, if corrected, would have led to the application of a higher Applicable Commitment Fee Rate for any period (an Applicable Commitment Fee Period than the Applicable Commitment Fee Rate applied for such Applicable Commitment Fee Period, then (A) the Borrower shall immediately deliver to the Administrative Agent a corrected Compliance Certificate for such Applicable Commitment Fee Period, (B) the Applicable Commitment Fee Rate shall be determined based on such corrected Compliance Certificate, and (C) the Borrower shall immediately pay to the Administrative Agent the accrued additional fees owing as a result of such increased Applicable Commitment Fee Rate for such Applicable Commitment Fee Period. 

4

Applicable Margin means: 

(a) for the period from the Closing Date through November 30, 2021, (i) one hundred fifty (150.00) basis points for any Eurocurrency Rate Loan or RFR Loan and (ii) fifty (50.00) basis points for Base Rate Loans; and 

(b) commencing with the Consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2021, the number of basis points (depending upon whether Loans are SOFR Loans, Alternate Currency Loans or Base Rate Loans) set forth in the following matrix, based upon the result of the computation of the Leverage Ratio as set forth in the Compliance Certificate for such fiscal period, shall be used to establish the number of basis points that will go into effect on December 1, 2021 and, thereafter, as set forth in each successive Compliance Certificate, as provided below: 

Leverage Ratio 

Applicable Basis Points for SOFR Loans and Alternate Currency Loans 

Applicable Basis Points for Base Rate Loans 

Greater than or equal to 3.00 to 1.00 

212.50 

112.50 

Greater than or equal to 2.50 to 1.00 but less than 3.00 to 1.00 

175.00 

75.00 

Greater than or equal to 2.00 to 1.00 but less than 2.50 to 1.00 

150.00 

50.00 

Greater than or equal to 1.50 to 1.00 but less than 2.00 to 1.00 

125.00 

25.00 

Less than 1.50 to 1.00 

112.50 

12.50 

After December 1, 2021, changes to the Applicable Margin shall be effective on the first day of each calendar month following the date upon which the Administrative Agent should have received, pursuant to Section 5.3(c) hereof, the Compliance Certificate. The above pricing matrix does not modify or waive, in any respect, the requirements of Section 5.7 hereof, the rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to charge the Default Rate, or the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Articles VIII and IX hereof. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) during any period when the Borrower shall have failed to timely deliver the Consolidated financial statements pursuant to Section 5.3(a) or (b) hereof, or the Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 5.3(c) hereof, until such time as the appropriate Consolidated financial statements and Compliance Certificate are delivered, the Applicable Margin shall be the highest rate per annum indicated in the above pricing grid for Loans of that type, regardless of the Leverage Ratio at such time, and (ii) in the event that any financial information or certification provided to the Administrative Agent in the Compliance Certificate is shown to be inaccurate (regardless of whether this Agreement or the Commitment is in effect when such inaccuracy is discovered), and such inaccuracy, if corrected, would have led to the application of a higher Applicable Margin for any period (an Applicable Margin Period than the Applicable Margin applied for such Applicable Margin Period, then (A) the Borrower shall immediately deliver to the Administrative Agent a corrected Compliance Certificate for such Applicable Margin Period, (B) the Applicable Margin shall be determined based on such corrected Compliance Certificate, and (C) the Borrower shall immediately pay to the Administrative Agent the accrued additional interest owing as a result of such increased Applicable Margin for such Applicable Margin Period. 

5

Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural Person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 

Assignment Agreement means an Assignment and Assumption Agreement in the form of the attached Exhibit E . 

Authorized Officer means a Financial Officer or other individual authorized by a Financial Officer in writing (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) to handle certain administrative matters in connection with this Agreement. 

Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark for any Currency, as applicable, (a) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (b) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 3.8 hereof. 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

6

Bailee s Waiver means a bailee s waiver, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, delivered by a Credit Party in connection with this Agreement, as such waiver may from time to time be amended, restated or otherwise modified. 

Bank Product Agreements means those certain cash management services and other agreements entered into from time to time between a Company and the Administrative Agent or a Lender (or an Affiliate of a Lender) in connection with any of the Bank Products. 

Bank Product Obligations means all obligations, liabilities, contingent reimbursement obligations, fees and expenses owing by a Company to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or an Affiliate of a Lender) pursuant to or evidenced by the Bank Product Agreements. 

Bank Products means a service or facility extended to a Company by the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or an Affiliate of a Lender) for (a) credit cards and credit card processing services, (b) debit cards, purchase cards and stored value cards, (c) ACH transactions, and (d) cash management, including controlled disbursement, accounts or services. 

Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled Bankruptcy , as now or hereafter in effect, or any successor thereto, as hereafter amended. 

Base Rate means, for any day, a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Prime Rate, (b) one half of one percent (.50 in excess of the Federal Funds Effective Rate, (c) one percent (1 in excess of Adjusted Term SOFR for a period of one month (or, if such day is not a Business Day, such rate as calculated on the immediately preceding Business Day), and (d) the Floor. Any change in the Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR, respectively. 

Base Rate Loan means a Revolving Loan described in Section 2.2(a) hereof, that shall be denominated in Dollars and on which the Borrower shall pay interest at the Derived Base Rate. 

Benchmark means, initially, with respect to (a) any Daily Simple SOFR Loan, Daily Simple SOFR, (b) any Term SOFR Loan, Term SOFR, (c) Alternate Currency Loans in Euros, EURIBOR, (d) Alternate Currency Loans in Pounds Sterling, SONIA, and (e) Alternate Currency Loans in Japanese Yen, TONAR; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 3.8 hereof. 

Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event for the then-current Benchmark, the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for such Benchmark giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for such Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Currency at such time and (B) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than the Floor, such Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

7

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of any then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Available Tenor, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), if any, that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Currency. 

Benchmark Replacement Date means the earlier to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark for any Currency: 

(a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative; provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 

For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such Benchmark: 

8

(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board (or analogous agency with respect to an Alternate Currency), the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or analogous agency with respect to an Alternate Currency), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(c) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. 

For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Transition Start Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (i) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (ii) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication). 

Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any then-current Benchmark, the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to such Benchmark pursuant to clauses (a) or (b) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.8 hereof and (b) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.8 hereof. 

9

Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 

Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 

BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 

Borrower means that term as defined in the first paragraph of this Agreement. 

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday or Sunday or a legal holiday on which commercial banks are authorized or required to be closed for business in New York City or Cleveland, Ohio and if the applicable Business Day relates to any direct or indirect calculation or determination of, or is used in connection with any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements, payments, or other dealings with respect to any (a) SOFR Loan, the term Business Day means any such day that is also a SOFR Business Day, (b) RFR Loan, the term Business Day means any such day that is also an RFR Business Day, or (c) EURIBOR Loan, the term "Business Day" shall also exclude any day which is not a TARGET Day with respect to Euros. 

Capital Distribution means a payment made, liability incurred or other consideration given by a Company to any Person that is not a Company, (a) for the purchase, acquisition, redemption, repurchase, payment or retirement of any capital stock or other equity interest of such Company, or (b) as a dividend, return of capital or other distribution in respect of such Company s capital stock or other equity interest. 

Capitalized Lease Obligations means obligations of the Companies for the payment of rent for any real or personal property under leases or agreements to lease that, in accordance with GAAP, have been or should be capitalized on the books of the lessee and, for purposes hereof, the amount of any such obligation shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. 

Cash Collateral Account means a commercial Deposit Account designated cash collateral account and maintained by the Borrower with the Administrative Agent, without liability by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders to pay interest thereon, from which account the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, shall have the exclusive right to withdraw funds until all of the Secured Obligations are paid in full. 

10

Cash Collateralize means to deposit into a cash collateral account maintained with (or on behalf of) the Administrative Agent, and under the sole dominion and control of the Administrative Agent, or to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Issuing Lender, as collateral for any Letter of Credit Exposure or obligations of the Lenders to fund participations in respect of any Letter of Credit Exposure, cash or deposit account balances, or, if the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender shall agree in their sole discretion, other credit support, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender. For the purposes of this Agreement, Cash Collateral shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support. 

Cash Equivalent means cash equivalent as determined in accordance with GAAP. 

Cash Security means all cash, instruments, Deposit Accounts, Securities Accounts and cash equivalents, in each case whether matured or unmatured, whether collected or in the process of collection, upon which a Company presently has or may hereafter have any claim, wherever located, including but not limited to any of the foregoing that are presently or may hereafter be existing or maintained with, issued by, drawn upon, or in the possession of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 

CFC means a Controlled Foreign Corporation, as such term is defined in Section 957 of the Code. 

Change in Control means: 

(a) the acquisition of, or, if earlier, the shareholder or director approval of the acquisition of, ownership or voting control, directly or indirectly, beneficially (within the meaning of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 of the Exchange Act) or of record, on or after the Closing Date, by any Person or group (within the meaning of Sections 13d and 14d of the Exchange Act), of shares representing more than twenty-five percent (25 of the aggregate ordinary Voting Power represented by the issued and outstanding equity interests of the Borrower; 

(b) the occupation of a majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the board of directors or other governing body of the Borrower by Persons who were neither (i) nominated by the board of directors or other governing body of the Borrower nor (ii) appointed by directors so nominated or elected by a majority of shareholders; or 

(c) the occurrence of a change in control, or other term of similar import used therein, as defined in any Material Indebtedness Agreement. 

Change in Law means the occurrence, after the Closing Date, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any Law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any Law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority, or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder, or issued in connection therewith, and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 

11

Closing Date means September 2, 2021. 

Closing Fee Letter means the Closing Fee Letter between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, dated as of the Closing Date. 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Collateral means (a) all of the Borrower s existing and future (i) personal property, (ii) Accounts, Investment Property, instruments, contract rights, chattel paper, documents, supporting obligations, letter-of-credit rights, Pledged Securities, Pledged Notes (if any), Commercial Tort Claims, General Intangibles, Inventory and Equipment, (iii) funds now or hereafter on deposit in the Cash Collateral Account, if any, and (iv) Cash Security; (b) the Real Property; and (c) Proceeds and products of any of the foregoing. 

Commercial Tort Claim means a commercial tort claim, as that term is defined in the U.C.C. Schedule 7.5 hereto lists all Commercial Tort Claims of the Credit Parties in existence as of the Closing Date.) 

Commitment means the obligation hereunder of the Lenders, during the Commitment Period, to make Loans and to participate in Swing Loans and the issuance of Letters of Credit pursuant to the Revolving Credit Commitment. 

Commitment Increase Period means the period from the Closing Date to the date that is six months prior to the last day of the Commitment Period. 

Commitment Period means the period from the Closing Date to September 1, 2026, or such earlier date on which the Commitment shall have been terminated pursuant to Article IX hereof. 

Commitment Percentage means, for each Lender, the percentage set forth opposite such Lender s name under the column headed Commitment Percentage , as listed in Schedule 1 hereto (taking into account any assignments pursuant to Section 11.9 hereof). 

Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Communications means, that term as defined in Section 10.17(b) hereof. 

12

Companies means the Borrower and all Subsidiaries. 

Company means the Borrower or a Subsidiary. 

Compliance Certificate means a Compliance Certificate in the form of the attached Exhibit D . 

Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Daily Simple SOFR, Term SOFR or other Benchmark, or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of SOFR Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 3.3 hereof and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 

Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 

Consideration means, in connection with an Acquisition, the aggregate consideration paid or to be paid, including borrowed funds, cash, deferred payments, the issuance of securities or notes, the assumption or incurring of liabilities (direct or contingent), the payment of consulting fees or fees for a covenant not to compete and any other consideration paid or to be paid for such Acquisition. 

Consignee s Waiver means a consignee s waiver (or similar agreement), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, delivered by a Credit Party in connection with this Agreement, as such waiver may from time to time be amended, restated or otherwise modified. 

Consolidated means the resultant consolidation of the financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, including principles of consolidation consistent with those applied in preparation of the consolidated financial statements referred to in Section 6.14 hereof. 

13

Consolidated Capital Expenditures means, for any period, the amount of capital expenditures of the Borrower, as determined on a Consolidated basis. 

Consolidated Depreciation and Amortization Charges means, for any period, the aggregate of all depreciation and amortization charges for fixed assets, leasehold improvements and general intangibles (specifically including goodwill) of the Borrower for such period, as determined on a Consolidated basis. 

Consolidated EBITDA means, for any period, as determined on a Consolidated basis: 

(a) Consolidated Net Earnings for such period; plus 

(b) without duplication, the aggregate amounts deducted in determining such Consolidated Net Earnings in respect of: 

(i) Consolidated Interest Expense; 

(ii) Consolidated Income Tax Expense; 

(iii) Consolidated Depreciation and Amortization Charges; 

(iv) non-cash expenses incurred in connection with stock-based compensation; 

(v) non-recurring losses or expenses not incurred in the ordinary course of business that are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and supported by documentation reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent; 

(vi) unamortized costs, fees and expenses incurred in connection with the closing of this Agreement, in an aggregate amount not to exceed One Million Dollars 1,000,000); 

(vii) in connection with any Acquisition permitted hereunder, the sum of the following amounts, but only to the extent that the aggregate amount added-back to Consolidated Net Earnings pursuant to this clause (vii) does not exceed fifteen percent (15 of Consolidated EBITDA as calculated pursuant to this definition without reference to this clause (vii): (A) one time fees and expenses associated with the closing of such Acquisition, (B) cost synergies reasonably expected to result from such Acquisition, and (C) cash non-recurring costs, charges and losses in respect of such Acquisition; 

(viii) one-time costs related to business restructuring activities not incurred in connection with an Acquisition, in an aggregate amount not to exceed ten percent (10 of Consolidated EBITDA as calculated pursuant to this definition without reference to this clause (viii); 

14

(ix) unrealized losses in connection with foreign exchange transactions; and 

(x) unrealized non-cash losses on investments in connection with the Borrower s Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan in an aggregate amount not to exceed fifteen percent (15 of Consolidated EBITDA as calculated pursuant to this definition without reference to this clause (x); minus 

(c) to the extent included in Consolidated Net Earnings for such period, (i) non-recurring gains not incurred in the ordinary course of business, (ii) unrealized gains in connection with foreign exchange transactions, and (iii) unrealized non-cash gains on investments in connection with the Borrower s Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan; 

provided that, for any period during which an Acquisition is made pursuant to Section 5.13 hereof or a Disposition occurs, Consolidated EBITDA shall be recalculated to include (or exclude, as applicable) the EBITDA of the acquired company or attributable to the disposed assets (in each case, with appropriate pro forma adjustments acceptable to the Administrative Agent and calculated on the same basis as set forth in this definition). 

Consolidated Fixed Charges means, for any period, as determined on a Consolidated basis, the aggregate, without duplication, of (a) Consolidated Interest Expense paid in cash, (b) Consolidated Income Tax Expense paid in cash, (c) scheduled principal payments on Consolidated Funded Indebtedness (other than optional prepayments of the Revolving Loans), including payments on Capitalized Lease Obligations, (d) Capital Distributions, and (e) Consolidated Capital Expenditures. 

Consolidated Funded Indebtedness means, at any date, all Indebtedness (including, but not limited to, short-term, long-term and Subordinated Indebtedness, if any) of the Borrower, as determined on a Consolidated basis. 

Consolidated Income Tax Expense means, for any period, all provisions for taxes based on the gross or net income of the Borrower (including, without limitation, any additions to such taxes, and any penalties and interest with respect thereto), as determined on a Consolidated basis. 

Consolidated Interest Expense means, for any period, the interest expense (including, without limitation, the imputed interest portion of Capitalized Lease Obligations, synthetic leases and asset securitizations, if any, and excluding deferred financing costs) of the Borrower for such period, as determined on a Consolidated basis. 

Consolidated Net Earnings means, for any period, the net income (loss) of the Borrower for such period, as determined on a Consolidated basis. 

Consolidated Net Worth means, sat any date, the stockholders equity of the Borrower, determined as of such date on a Consolidated basis. 

15

Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 

Control Agreement means a Deposit Account Control Agreement or Securities Account Control Agreement. 

Controlled Group means a Company and each Person required to be aggregated with a Company under Code Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o). 

Covered Entity means any of the following: 

(i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); 

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or 

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

Credit Event means the making by the Lenders of a Loan, the conversion by the Lenders of a Base Rate Loan to a SOFR Loan, the conversion of a Term SOFR Loan to a Daily Simple SOFR Loan, the conversion of a Daily Simple SOFR Loan to a Term SOFR Loan, the continuation by the Lenders of a Loan after the end of the applicable Interest Period, the making by the Swing Line Lender of a Swing Loan, or the issuance (or amendment or renewal) by the Issuing Lender of a Letter of Credit. 

Credit Party means the Borrower, and any Subsidiary or other Affiliate of the Borrower that is a Guarantor of Payment. 

Currency means Dollars or any Alternate Currency. 

Customary Setoffs means, as to any Securities Intermediary or depository institution, as applicable, with respect to any Securities Account or Deposit Account, as applicable, maintained with such Person, setoffs and chargebacks by such Person against such Securities Account or Deposit Account, as applicable, that directly relate to the maintenance and administration thereof, including, without limitation, for the following purposes: (a) administrative and maintenance fees and expenses; (b) items deposited in or credited to the account and returned unpaid or otherwise uncollected or subject to an adjustment entry; (c) adjustments or corrections of posting or encoding errors; (d) any ACH credit or similar entries that are subsequently returned thereafter; (e) items subject to a claim against the depository bank/securities intermediary for breach of transfer, presentment, encoding, retention or other warranty under Federal Reserve Regulations or Operating Circulars, ACH or other clearing house rules, or applicable law (including, without limitation, Articles 3, 4 and 4A of the U.C.C.); and (f) chargebacks in connection with merchant card transactions. 

16

Daily Simple RFR means, for any day (an RFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent, for any Obligations, interest, fees, commissions or other amounts denominated in, or calculated with respect to any applicable Daily Simple RFR below by dividing (rounded in accordance with the Administrative Agent s usual conventions) (a) the applicable Daily Simple RFR set forth below by (b) a number equal to 1.00 minus the RFR Reserve Percentage: 

(a) Sterling, SONIA for the day (such day, adjusted as applicable as set forth herein, the SONIA Lookback Day that is two (2) Business Days prior to (A) if such RFR Rate Day is a Business Day, such RFR Rate Day or (B) if such RFR Rate Day is not a Business Day, the Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SONIA is published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrator s Website; and 

(b) Yen, TONAR for the day (such day, adjusted as applicable as set forth herein, the TONAR Lookback Day that is two (2) Business Days prior to (A) if such RFR Rate Day is a Business Day, such RFR Rate Day or (B) if such RFR Rate Day is not a Business Day, the Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Rate Day, in each case, as such TONAR is published by the TONAR Administrator on the TONAR Administrator s Website. 

The adjusted Daily Simple RFR rate for each outstanding RFR Loan shall be adjusted automatically as of the effective date of any change in the RFR Reserve Percentage. The Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the Borrower of the adjusted Daily Simple RFR as determined or adjusted in accordance herewith, which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. If by 5:00 P.M. (local time for the applicable RFR) on the second Business Day immediately following any Daily Simple RFR Lookback Day, the RFR in respect of such Daily Simple RFR Lookback Day has not been published on the applicable RFR Administrator s Website and a Benchmark Replacement for the applicable Daily Simple RFR has not been instituted in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, then the RFR for such Daily Simple RFR Lookback Day will be the RFR as published in respect of the first preceding Business Day for which such RFR was published on the RFR Administrator s Website; provided that any RFR determined pursuant to this sentence shall be utilized for purposes of calculation of Daily Simple RFR for no more than ten consecutive RFR Rate Days. Any change in Daily Simple RFR due to a change in the applicable RFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the RFR without notice to the Borrower. 

Daily Simple RFR Lookback Days means, collectively, a SONIA Lookback Day and a TONAR Lookback Day, and each individually is a Daily Simple RFR Lookback Day. 

Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum (rounded in accordance with the Administrative Agent s customary practice) equal to SOFR for the day (such day, the SOFR Determination Day that is five (5) SOFR Business Days (or such other period as determined by the Administrative Agent based on then prevailing market conventions) prior to (a) if such SOFR Rate Day is a SOFR Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (b) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a SOFR Business Day, the SOFR Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as and when SOFR for such SOFR Rate Day is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website. If by 5:00 pm (Eastern time) on the second (2nd) SOFR Business Day immediately following any SOFR Determination Day, SOFR in respect of such SOFR Determination Day has not been published on the SOFR Administrator s Website and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to Daily Simple SOFR has not occurred, then SOFR for such SOFR Determination Day will be SOFR as published in respect of the first preceding SOFR Business Day for which such SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrator s Website; provided, that any SOFR determined pursuant to this sentence shall be utilized for purposes of calculation of Daily Simple SOFR for no more than three (3) consecutive SOFR Rate Days. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. 

17

Daily Simple SOFR Loan means a Revolving Loan made to the Borrower described in Section 2.2(a) hereof, in each case on which the Borrower shall pay interest at the Derived Daily Simple SOFR Rate. 

Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions, from time to time in effect. 

Default means an event or condition that constitutes, or with the lapse of any applicable grace period or the giving of notice or both would constitute, an Event of Default, and that has not been waived by the Required Lenders (or, if required hereunder, all of the Lenders) in writing. 

Default Rate means (a) with respect to any Loan or other Obligation for which a rate is specified, a rate per annum equal to two percent (2 in excess of the rate otherwise applicable thereto, and (b) with respect to any other amount, if no rate is specified or available, a rate per annum equal to two percent (2 in excess of the Derived Base Rate from time to time in effect. 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 11.10(b) hereof, any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two (2) Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder, unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s determination that one (1) or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, the Swing Line Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit or Swing Loans) within two (2) Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or the Swing Line Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under this Agreement, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this subpart (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity, or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that, a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender, or any direct or indirect parent company thereof, by a Governmental Authority, so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States, or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets, or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one (1) or more of subparts (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 11.10(b) hereof) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower, the Issuing Lender, the Swing Line Lender and each Lender. 

18

Deposit Account means a deposit account, as that term is defined in the U.C.C. 

Deposit Account Control Agreement means each Deposit Account Control Agreement among the Borrower or a Guarantor of Payment, the Administrative Agent and a depository institution, to be in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, as the same may from time to time be amended, restated or otherwise modified. 

Derived Alternate Currency Rate means a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin (from time to time in effect) for Alternate Currency Loans plus the Alternate Currency Rate applicable to the relevant Alternate Currency. 

Derived Base Rate means a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin (from time to time in effect) for Base Rate Loans plus the Base Rate. 

19

Derived Daily Simple SOFR Rate means a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin (from time to time in effect) for SOFR Loans plus Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR. 

Derived Term SOFR Rate means a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin (from time to time in effect) for SOFR Loans plus Adjusted Term SOFR for the applicable Interest Period therefor. 

Disposition means the lease, transfer or other disposition of assets (whether in one or more than one transaction) by a Company, other than a sale, lease, transfer or other disposition made by a Company pursuant to Section 5.12(b) hereof or in the ordinary course of business. 

Dodd-Frank Act means the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Pub.L. 111-203, H.R. 4173) signed into law on July 21, 2010, as amended from time to time. 

Dollar or the sign means lawful currency of the United States. 

Dollar Equivalent means (a) with respect to an Alternate Currency Loan denominated in an Alternate Currency, the Dollar equivalent of the amount of such Alternate Currency Loan, determined by the Administrative Agent on the basis of its spot rate at approximately 11:00 A.M. (London time) on the date two (2) Business Days before the date of such Alternate Currency Loan, for the purchase of the relevant Alternate Currency with Dollars for delivery on the date of such Alternate Currency Loan, and (b) with respect to any other amount, if such amount is denominated in Dollars, then such amount in Dollars and, otherwise the Dollar equivalent of such amount, determined by the Administrative Agent on the basis of its spot rate at approximately 11:00 A.M. (London time) on the date for which the Dollar equivalent amount of such amount is being determined, for the purchase of the relevant Alternate Currency with Dollars for delivery on such date; provided that, in calculating the Dollar Equivalent for purposes of determining (i) the Borrower s obligation to prepay Loans pursuant to Section 2.12 hereof, or (ii) the Borrower s ability to request additional Loans pursuant to the Commitment, the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, on any Business Day selected by the Administrative Agent (prior to payment in full of the Secured Obligations), calculate the Dollar Equivalent of each such Loan. (Note that for purposes of repayment of an Alternate Currency Loan at the end of an Interest Period, the amount of the Alternate Currency borrowed (as opposed to the Dollar Equivalent of such amount) is the amount required to be repaid.) The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of the Dollar Equivalent of such Alternate Currency Loan or any other amount, at the time that such Dollar Equivalent shall have been determined. 

Domestic Subsidiary means a Subsidiary that is not a Foreign Subsidiary or is not a Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary. 

Dormant Subsidiary means a Company that (a) is not a Credit Party or the direct or indirect equity holder of a Credit Party, (b) has aggregate assets of less than Seven Hundred Thousand Dollars 700,000), and (c) has no direct or indirect Subsidiaries with aggregate assets, for such Company and all such Subsidiaries, of more than Seven Hundred Thousand Dollars 700,000). 

20

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in subpart (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in subparts (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Eligible Assignee means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 11.9(b)(iii), (v) and (vi) hereof (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 11.9(b)(iii) hereof). 

Eligible Currency means any lawful currency other than Dollars that is readily available, freely transferable and convertible into Dollars in the international interbank market available to the Lenders in such market and as to which a Dollar Equivalent may be readily calculated. If, after the designation by the Lenders of any currency as an Alternate Currency, any change in currency controls or exchange regulations or any change in the national or international financial, political or economic conditions are imposed in the country in which such currency is issued, result in, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, (a) such currency no longer being readily available, freely transferable and convertible into Dollars, (b) a Dollar Equivalent is no longer readily calculable with respect to such currency, (c) providing such currency is impracticable for the Lenders or (d) no longer a currency in which the Lenders are willing to make such Loans (each of (a), (b), (c), and (d) a Disqualifying Event ), then the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders and the Borrower, and such country s currency shall no longer be an Alternate Currency until such time as the Disqualifying Event(s) no longer exist. Within five (5) Business Days after receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall repay all Loans in such currency to which the Disqualifying Event applies or convert such Loans into the Dollar Equivalent of Loans in Dollars, subject to the other terms contained herein. 

Environmental Laws means all provisions of law (including the common law), statutes, ordinances, codes, rules, guidelines, policies, procedures, orders-in-council, regulations, permits, licenses, judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees, orders, awards and standards promulgated by a Governmental Authority or by any court, agency, instrumentality, regulatory authority or commission of any of the foregoing concerning environmental health or safety and protection of, or regulation of the discharge of substances into, the environment. 

21

Environmental Permits means all permits, licenses, authorizations, certificates, approvals or registrations required by any Governmental Authority under any Environmental Laws. 

Equipment means equipment, as that term is defined in the U.C.C. 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

ERISA Event means (a) the existence of a condition or event with respect to an ERISA Plan that presents a risk of the imposition of an excise tax or any other liability on a Company or of the imposition of a Lien on the assets of a Company; (b) the engagement by a Company in a non-exempt prohibited transaction (as defined under ERISA Section 406 or Code Section 4975) or a breach of a fiduciary duty under ERISA that could result in liability to a Company; (c) the application by a Controlled Group member for a waiver from the minimum funding requirements of Code Section 412 or ERISA Section 302 or a Controlled Group member is required to provide security under Code Section 401(a)(29); (d) the occurrence of a Reportable Event with respect to any Pension Plan as to which notice is required to be provided to the PBGC; (e) the withdrawal by a Controlled Group member from a Multiemployer Plan in a complete withdrawal or a partial withdrawal (as such terms are defined in ERISA Sections 4203 and 4205, respectively); (f) the occurrence of a Multiemployer Plan being in endangered or critical status, as defined in Section 432 of the Code; (g) the failure of an ERISA Plan (and any related trust) that is intended to be qualified under Code Sections 401 and 501 to be so qualified or the failure of any cash or deferred arrangement under any such ERISA Plan to meet the requirements of Code Section 401(k); (h) the taking by the PBGC of any steps to terminate a Pension Plan or appoint a trustee to administer a Pension Plan, or the taking by a Controlled Group member of any steps to terminate a Pension Plan; (i) the failure by a Controlled Group member or an ERISA Plan to satisfy any requirements of law applicable to an ERISA Plan; (j) the commencement, existence or threatening of a claim, action, suit, audit or investigation with respect to an ERISA Plan, other than a routine claim for benefits; or (k) any incurrence by or any expectation of the incurrence by a Controlled Group member of any liability for post-retirement benefits under any Welfare Plan, other than as required by ERISA Section 601, et. seq. or Code Section 4980B. 

ERISA Plan means an employee benefit plan (within the meaning of ERISA Section 3(3)) that a Controlled Group member at any time sponsors, maintains, contributes to, has liability with respect to or has an obligation to contribute to such plan. 

Erroneous Payment means that term as defined in Section 10.18(a) hereof. 

Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment means that term as defined in Section 10.18(d) hereof. 

Erroneous Payment Impacted Class means that term as defined in Section 10.18(d) hereof. 

22

Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency means that term as defined in Section 10.18(d) hereof. 

Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights means that term as defined in Section 10.18(d) hereof. 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor entity), as in effect from time to time. 

EURIBOR means, in relation to any Loan denominated in Euros and for the relevant Interest Period, the percentage rate per annum determined by the Banking Federation of the European Union for the duration of the applicable Interest Period denominated in Euro, as published by Bloomberg (or another commercially available source providing quotations of EURIBOR as designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at or about 12:00 noon (Brussels time) on the date which is two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period for deposits in Euros (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such EURIBOR period (and, if any such rate is less than the Floor, EURIBOR shall be deemed to be the Floor). In the event that such rate is not available at such time for any reason, then EURIBOR for such Interest Period shall be the rate per annum determined by Lender to be the rate at which Lender s London branch (or other branch or Affiliate) would offer in the European interbank market at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period for deposits in Euros for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period in the approximate amount of such EURIBOR Loan being made or converted. 

EURIBOR Loan means each Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to EURIBOR. 

Euros means the single currency of participating member states of the European Union. 

Event of Default means an event or condition that shall constitute an event of default as defined in Article VIII hereof. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Excluded Swap Obligations means, with respect to any Credit Party, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the guarantee of such Credit Party of, or the grant by such Credit Party of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Credit Party s failure to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act (determined after giving effect to any keepwell, support or other agreement for the benefit of such Credit Party and any and all guarantees of such Credit Party s Swap Obligations by other Credit Parties), at the time such guarantee or grant of security interest of such Credit Party becomes, or would become, effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such guarantee or security interest is, or becomes, illegal. 

23

Excluded Taxes means, with respect to a Recipient, any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the Laws of, or having its principal office located in, or, in the case of any Lender, having its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof), or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes; (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Sections 3.6 or 11.3(c) hereof); or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.2 hereof, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto, or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office; (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 3.2(c) hereof; and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed with respect to such Recipient pursuant to FATCA. 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as in effect on the Closing Date (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable to and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such sections of the Code, and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules, or practices adopted pursuant to such intergovernmental agreement. 

FCA means the Financial Conduct Authority, the regulatory supervisor of the IBA. 

Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum (rounded upward to the nearest one one-hundredth of one percent (1/100 of 1 )) announced by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor) on such day as being the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions arranged by federal funds brokers on the previous trading day, as computed and announced by such Federal Reserve Bank (or any successor) in substantially the same manner as such Federal Reserve Bank computes and announces the weighted average it refers to as the Federal Funds Effective Rate as of the Closing Date. 

Financial Officer means any of the following officers: chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer or treasurer. Unless otherwise qualified, all references to a Financial Officer in this Agreement shall refer to a Financial Officer of the Borrower. 

Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means, as determined for the most recently completed four fiscal quarters of the Borrower, on a Consolidated basis, the ratio of (a) Consolidated EBITDA to (b) Consolidated Fixed Charges; provided that, for purposes of calculating the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, subpart (c) of the definition of Consolidated Fixed Charges shall be calculated for the most recently completed three fiscal quarters for the fiscal quarter of the Borrower ending September 30, 2021. 

24

Fixed Rate Loan means a Term SOFR Loan or a EURIBOR Loan. 

Flood Insurance Laws means, collectively (a) the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 (which comprehensively revised the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 and the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973), as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto, (b) the Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004, as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto, and (c) the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012, as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto. 

Floor means a rate of interest equal to zero (0 percent. 

Foreign Lender means (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. 

Foreign Subsidiary means a Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States, a State thereof or the District of Columbia. 

Foreign Subsidiary Exposure means the aggregate amount of (a) loans by a Credit Party to, investments by a Credit Party in, guaranties by a Credit Party of Indebtedness of, a Foreign Subsidiary, and (b) loans made to Foreign Subsidiaries by Persons that are not Companies. 

Fronting Exposure means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, (a) with respect to the Issuing Lender, such Defaulting Lender s outstanding Letter of Credit Exposure (to the extent of such Defaulting Lender s Commitment Percentage of the Revolving Credit Commitment) with respect to Letters of Credit issued by the Issuing Lender, other than Letter of Credit Exposure as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof; and (b) with respect to the Swing Line Lender, such Defaulting Lender s Swing Line Exposure (to the extent of such Defaulting Lender s Commitment Percentage of the Revolving Credit Commitment) made by such Swing Line Lender, other than Swing Loans as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders. 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States as then in effect, which shall include the official interpretations thereof by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, applied on a basis consistent with the past accounting practices and procedures of the Borrower. 

General Intangibles means (a) general intangibles, as that term is defined in the U.C.C.; and (b) choses in action, causes of action, intellectual property, customer lists, corporate or other business records, inventions, designs, patents, patent applications, service marks, registrations, trade names, trademarks, copyrights, licenses, goodwill, computer software, rights to indemnification and tax refunds. 

25

Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, department, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank), any securities exchange and any self-regulatory organization exercising such functions, and any group or body charged with setting financial accounting or regulatory capital rules or standards (including, without limitation, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Bank for International Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision or any successor or similar authority to any of the foregoing). 

Guarantor means a Person that shall have pledged its credit or property in any manner for the payment or other performance of the indebtedness, contract or other obligation of another and includes (without limitation) any guarantor (whether of payment or of collection), surety, co-maker, endorser or Person that shall have agreed conditionally or otherwise to make any purchase, loan or investment in order thereby to enable another to prevent or correct a default of any kind. 

Guarantor of Payment means each of the Companies designated a Guarantor of Payment on Schedule 2 hereto, and any other Domestic Subsidiary that shall execute and deliver a Guaranty of Payment (or Guaranty of Payment Joinder) to the Administrative Agent subsequent to the Closing Date. 

Guaranty of Payment means each Guaranty of Payment executed and delivered in connection with this Agreement by the Guarantors of Payment, as the same may from time to time be amended, restated or otherwise modified. 

Guaranty of Payment Joinder means each Guaranty of Payment Joinder, executed and delivered by a Guarantor of Payment for the purpose of adding such Guarantor of Payment as a party to a previously executed Guaranty of Payment. 

Hedge Agreement means any (a) hedge agreement, interest rate swap, cap, collar or floor agreement, or other interest rate management device entered into by a Company with any Person in connection with any Indebtedness of such Company, or (b) currency swap agreement, forward currency purchase agreement or similar arrangement or agreement designed to protect against fluctuations in currency exchange rates entered into by a Company. 

IBA means the ICE Benchmark Administration, the administrator of the London interbank offered rate. 

Indebtedness means, for any Company, without duplication, (a) all obligations to repay borrowed money, direct or indirect, incurred, assumed, or guaranteed, (b) all obligations in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business), (c) all obligations under conditional sales or other title retention agreements, (d) all obligations (contingent or otherwise) under any letter of credit or banker s acceptance, (e) all net obligations under any currency swap agreement, interest rate swap, cap, collar or floor agreement or other interest rate management device or any Hedge Agreement, (f) all synthetic leases, (g) all Capitalized Lease Obligations, (h) all obligations of such Company with respect to asset securitization financing programs, (i) all obligations to advance funds to, or to purchase assets, property or services from, any other Person in order to maintain the financial condition of such Person, (j) all indebtedness of the types referred to in subparts (a) through (i) above of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Company is a general partner or joint venturer, unless such indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Company, (k) any other transaction (including forward sale or purchase agreements) having the commercial effect of a borrowing of money entered into by such Company to finance its operations or capital requirements, and (l) any guaranty of any obligation described in subparts (a) through (k) above. 

26

Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Credit Party under any Loan Document, and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in the foregoing subpart (a), Other Taxes. 

Intellectual Property Security Agreement means each Intellectual Property Security Agreement, executed and delivered by the Borrower or a Guarantor of Payment, wherein the Borrower or such Guarantor of Payment, as the case may be, has granted to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, a security interest in all intellectual property owned by the Borrower or such Guarantor of Payment, as the same may from time to time be amended, restated or otherwise modified. 

Interest Adjustment Date means the last day of each Interest Period. 

Interest Payment Date means (a) as to any Base Rate Loan, Daily Simple SOFR Loan or RFR Loan, each Regularly Scheduled Payment Date and the last day of the Commitment Period, (b) with respect to any Fixed Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period therefor (provided that, in the case of any Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at three-month intervals after the first day of such Interest Period), and the last day of the Commitment Period, and (c) with respect to any Swing Loan, the day that such Loan is required to be repaid. 

Interest Period means, with respect to each Fixed Rate Loan, a period of one month, three months or, if available, six (6) months; provided that (a) the initial Interest Period for any Term SOFR Loan shall commence on the date of such Term SOFR Loan (the date of a conversion or continuation shall be the date of such conversion or continuation) and each Interest Period occurring thereafter in respect of such Term SOFR Loan shall commence on the day on which the next proceeding Interest Period expires; (b) if any Interest Period begins on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period, such Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of such calendar month; (c) if any Interest Period would otherwise expire on a day that is not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall expire on the next succeeding Business Day; provided that if any Interest Period would otherwise expire on a day that is not a Business Day but is a day of the month after which no further Business Day occurs in such month, such Interest Period shall expire on the next preceding Business Day; (d) no Interest Period for any Fixed Rate Loan may be selected that would end after the last day of the Commitment Period; (e) each EURIBOR Loan must be repaid on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto; and (f) if, upon the expiration of any Interest Period, the Borrower has failed to (or may not) elect a new Interest Period to be applicable to the respective a Term SOFR Loan as provided above, the Borrower shall be deemed to have elected to convert such Loan to a Base Rate Loan effective as of the expiration date of such current Interest Period. 

27

Inventory means inventory, as that term is defined in the U.C.C. 

Investment Property means investment property, as that term is defined in the U.C.C., unless the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in another jurisdiction would govern the perfection and priority of a security interest in investment property, and, in such case, investment property shall be defined in accordance with the law of that jurisdiction as in effect from time to time. 

Issuing Lender means, as to any Letter of Credit transaction hereunder, the Administrative Agent as issuer of the Letter of Credit, or, in the event that the Administrative Agent either shall be unable to issue or the Administrative Agent shall agree that another Revolving Lender may issue, a Letter of Credit, such other Revolving Lender as shall be acceptable to the Administrative Agent and shall agree to issue the Letter of Credit in its own name, but in each instance on behalf of the Revolving Lenders. 

KeyBank means KeyBank National Association, and its successors and assigns. 

Landlord s Waiver means a landlord s waiver or mortgagee s waiver, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, delivered by a Credit Party in connection with this Agreement, as such waiver may from time to time be amended, restated or otherwise modified. 

Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. 

Lender means that term as defined in the first paragraph of this Agreement and, as the context requires, shall include the Issuing Lender and the Swing Line Lender. 

28

Letter of Credit means a commercial documentary letter of credit or standby letter of credit that shall be issued by the Issuing Lender for the account of the Borrower or a Guarantor of Payment, including amendments thereto, if any, and shall have an expiration date no later than the earlier of (a) three hundred sixty four (364) days after its date of issuance (provided that such Letter of Credit may provide for the renewal thereof for additional one year periods), or (b) thirty (30) days prior to the last day of the Commitment Period. 

Letter of Credit Commitment means the commitment of the Issuing Lender, on behalf of the Revolving Lenders, to issue Letters of Credit in an aggregate face amount of up to Ten Million Dollars 10,000,000). 

Letter of Credit Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all issued and outstanding Letters of Credit, and (b) the aggregate of the draws made on Letters of Credit that have not been reimbursed by the Borrower or converted to a Revolving Loan pursuant to Section 2.2(b)(v) hereof. 

Letter of Credit Fee means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, for any day, an amount equal to (a) the undrawn amount of such Letter of Credit, multiplied by (b) the Applicable Margin for SOFR Loans in effect on such day divided by three hundred sixty (360). 

Leverage Ratio means, as determined on a Consolidated basis, the ratio of (a) the sum of (i) Consolidated Funded Indebtedness (as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal quarter of the Borrower) minus (ii) the aggregate amount of all unencumbered (other than any Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent), unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents on hand of the Credit Parties held in the United States; to (b) Consolidated EBITDA (for the most recently completed four fiscal quarters of the Borrower). 

Leverage Ratio Step-Up Period means a four consecutive fiscal quarter period of the Borrower that meets the following criteria: (a) an Acquisition permitted hereunder for which the aggregate Consideration paid is equal to or greater than Twenty-Five Million Dollars 25,000,000) shall have occurred during the first fiscal quarter of such period, and (b) on or prior to the last day of the first fiscal quarter of such period, the Borrower shall have designated such period a Leverage Ratio Step-Up Period pursuant to a written notice to the Administrative Agent (and the Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of such notice promptly after receipt thereof from the Borrower); provided that (i) the designation of a Leverage Ratio Step-Up Period shall be available to the Borrower only after the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received, with respect to such Acquisition, (A) the historical financial statements of the target entity of such Acquisition, and (B) pro forma financial statements of the Companies accompanied by a certificate of a Financial Officer showing pro forma compliance with Section 5.7 hereof, both before and after (assuming implementation of the Leverage Ratio Step-Up Period) giving effect to such Acquisition, and (ii) only three Leverage Ratio Step-Up Periods shall be permitted during the Commitment Period. 

Lien means any mortgage, deed of trust, security interest, lien (statutory or other), charge, assignment, hypothecation, encumbrance on, pledge or deposit of, or conditional sale, lease (other than Operating Leases), sale with a right of redemption or other title retention agreement and any capitalized lease with respect to any property (real or personal) or asset. 

29

Loan means a Revolving Loan or a Swing Loan. 

Loan Documents means, collectively, this Agreement, each Note, each Guaranty of Payment, each Guaranty of Payment Joinder, all documentation relating to each Letter of Credit, each Security Document, the Administrative Agent Fee Letter and the Closing Fee Letter, as any of the foregoing may from time to time be amended, restated or otherwise modified or replaced, and any other document delivered pursuant thereto. 

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, liabilities (actual or contingent), operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Companies taken as a whole, (b) the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders under any Loan Document, (c) the ability of any Credit Party to perform its obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party, or (d) the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against any Credit Party of any Loan Document to which it is a party. 

Material Indebtedness Agreement means any debt instrument, lease (capital, operating or otherwise), guaranty, contract, commitment, agreement or other arrangement evidencing or entered into in connection with any Indebtedness of any Company or the Companies equal to or in excess of the amount of Five Million Dollars 5,000,000). 

Maximum Amount means, for each Lender, the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name under the column headed Maximum Amount as set forth on Schedule 1 hereto, subject to (a) decreases pursuant to Section 2.10(a) hereof, (b) increases pursuant to Section 2.10(b) hereof and (c) assignments of interests pursuant to Section 11.9 hereof; provided that the Maximum Amount for the Swing Line Lender shall exclude the Swing Line Commitment (other than its pro rata share), and the Maximum Amount of the Issuing Lender shall exclude the Letter of Credit Commitment (other than its pro rata share thereof). 

Maximum Rate means that term as defined in Section 2.4(d) hereof. 

Maximum Revolving Amount means One Hundred Seventy-Five Million Dollars 175,000,000), as such amount may be increased pursuant to Section 2.10(b) hereof or reduced pursuant to Section 2.10(a) hereof; provided that, for the purposes of calculating the Maximum Revolving Amount, the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, calculate the Dollar Equivalent of any Alternate Currency Loan on any Business Day selected by the Administrative Agent. 

Minimum Collateral Amount means, at any time, (a) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances, an amount equal to one hundred five percent (105 of the Fronting Exposure of the Issuing Lender with respect to Letters of Credit issued and outstanding at such time, and (b) otherwise, an amount determined by the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender in their sole discretion. 

30

Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc., and any successor to such company. 

Mortgage means each Open-End Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents and Security Agreement (or deed of trust or comparable document), dated on or after the Closing Date, relating to the Real Property, executed and delivered by a Credit Party, to further secure the Secured Obligations, as the same may from time to time be amended, restated or otherwise modified. 

Multiemployer Plan means a Pension Plan that is subject to the requirements of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 

New Jersey Real Property Disposition means the sale, lease, transfer or other disposition of the real property located at 206 Van Vorst St., Jersey City, NJ 07302. 

Non-Consenting Lender means that term as defined in Section 11.3(c) hereof. 

Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 

Note means a Revolving Credit Note, the Swing Line Note or any other promissory note delivered pursuant to this Agreement. 

Notice of Loan means a Notice of Loan in the form of the attached Exhibit C . 

Obligations means, collectively, (a) all Indebtedness and other obligations now owing or hereafter incurred by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender, the Issuing Lender, or any Lender pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including any Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights), and includes the principal of and interest on all Loans, and all obligations of the Borrower or any other Credit Party pursuant to Letters of Credit; (b) each extension, renewal, consolidation or refinancing of any of the foregoing, in whole or in part; (c) the commitment and other fees, and any prepayment fees payable pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (d) all fees and charges in connection with the Letters of Credit; (e) every other liability, now or hereafter owing to the Administrative Agent or any Lender by any Company pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document; and (f) all Related Expenses. 

Operating Leases means all real or personal property leases under which any Company is bound or obligated as a lessee or sublessee and which, under GAAP, are not required to be capitalized on a balance sheet of such Company; provided that Operating Leases shall not include any such lease under which any Company is also bound as the lessor or sublessor. 

Organizational Documents means, with respect to any Person (other than an individual), such Person s Articles (Certificate) of Incorporation, operating agreement or equivalent formation documents, and Regulations (Bylaws), or equivalent governing documents, and any amendments to any of the foregoing. 

31

Original Credit Agreement means that term as defined in the first Whereas clause on the first page of this Agreement. 

Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Taxes (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan, Letter of Credit or any Loan Document). 

Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made hereunder or under any other Loan Document, or from the execution, delivery, performance, or enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.6 or 11.3(c) hereof). 

Participant means that term as defined in Section 11.9(d) hereof. 

Participant Register means that term as defined in Section 11.9(d) hereof. 

Patriot Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, USA Patriot Act, Title III of Pub. L. 107-56, signed into law October 26, 2001, as amended from time to time. 

Payment Recipient means that term as defined in Section 10.18(a) hereof. 

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, and its successor. 

Pension Plan means an ERISA Plan that is a pension plan (within the meaning of ERISA Section 3(2)). 

Permitted Foreign Subsidiary Loans, Guaranties and Investments means: 

(a) the investments by the Borrower or a Domestic Subsidiary in a Foreign Subsidiary, in such amounts existing as of the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 5.11 hereto; 

(b) the loans by the Borrower or a Domestic Subsidiary to a Foreign Subsidiary, in such amounts existing as of the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 5.11 hereto; 

(c) any investment by a Foreign Subsidiary in, or loan from a Foreign Subsidiary to, or guaranty from a Foreign Subsidiary of Indebtedness of, a Company; and 

32

(d) any Foreign Subsidiary Exposure (incurred after the Closing Date), not otherwise permitted under this definition, in an aggregate amount not to exceed, at any time, (i) Ten Million Dollars 10,000,000) for any Foreign Subsidiary, and (ii) Twenty-Five Million Dollars 25,000,000) for all Foreign Subsidiaries. 

Person means any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, joint venture, unincorporated organization, corporation, limited liability company, unlimited liability company, institution, trust, estate, Governmental Authority or any other entity. 

Platform means Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak or a substantially similar electronic transmission system selected by the Administrative Agent. 

Pledge Agreement means each of the Pledge Agreements, relating to the Pledged Securities, executed and delivered by the Borrower or a Guarantor of Payment, as applicable, in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, as any of the foregoing may from time to time be amended, restated or otherwise modified. 

Pledged Notes means the promissory notes payable to the Borrower, as described on Schedule 7.4 hereto, and any additional or future promissory notes that may hereafter from time to time be payable to the Borrower. 

Pledged Securities means all of the shares of capital stock or other equity interest of a Subsidiary of a Credit Party (other than Subsidiaries of a CFC), whether now owned or hereafter acquired or created, and all proceeds thereof; provided that Pledged Securities shall exclude shares of voting capital stock or other voting equity interests in any Foreign Subsidiary that is a CFC in excess of sixty-five percent (65 of the total outstanding shares of voting capital stock or other voting equity interest of such Foreign Subsidiary, whether held directly or indirectly through a disregarded entity. Schedule 3 hereto lists, as of the Closing Date, all of the Pledged Securities.) 

Prime Rate means the interest rate established from time to time by the Administrative Agent as the Administrative Agent s prime rate, whether or not such rate shall be publicly announced; the Prime Rate may not be the lowest interest rate charged by the Administrative Agent for commercial or other extensions of credit. Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective immediately from and after such change. 

Proceeds means (a) proceeds, as that term is defined in the U.C.C., and any other proceeds, and (b) whatever is received upon the sale, exchange, collection or other disposition of Collateral or proceeds, whether cash or non-cash. Cash proceeds include, without limitation, moneys, checks and Deposit Accounts. Proceeds include, without limitation, any Account arising when the right to payment is earned under a contract right, any insurance payable by reason of loss or damage to the Collateral, and any return or unearned premium upon any cancellation of insurance. Except as expressly authorized in this Agreement, the right of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to Proceeds specifically set forth herein, or indicated in any financing statement, shall never constitute an express or implied authorization on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to a Company s sale, exchange, collection or other disposition of any or all of the collateral securing the Secured Obligations. 

33

Processor s Waiver means a processor s waiver (or similar agreement), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, delivered by a Credit Party in connection with this Agreement, as such waiver may from time to time be amended, restated or otherwise modified. 

PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 

QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 

Real Property means each parcel of real estate owned by a Credit Party that is subject to a Mortgage, together with all improvements and buildings thereon and all appurtenances, easements or other rights thereto belonging, and being defined collectively as the Property in each of the Mortgages. 

Recipient means, as applicable (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender, or (c) any Issuing Lender. 

Register means that term as described in Section 11.9(c) hereof. 

Regulation D means Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 

Regularly Scheduled Payment Date means the last day of each March, June, September and December of each year. 

Related Expenses means any and all costs, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, losses, damages, penalties, claims, actions, attorneys fees, legal expenses, judgments, suits and disbursements) (a) incurred by the Administrative Agent, or imposed upon or asserted against the Administrative Agent or any Lender, in any attempt by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to (i) obtain, preserve, perfect or enforce any Loan Document or any security interest evidenced by any Loan Document; (ii) obtain payment, performance or observance of any and all of the Secured Obligations; or (iii) maintain, insure, audit, collect, preserve, repossess or dispose of any of the collateral securing the Secured Obligations or any part thereof, including, without limitation, costs and expenses for appraisals, assessments and audits of any Company or any such collateral; or (b) incidental or related to subpart (a) above, including, without limitation, interest thereupon from the date incurred, imposed or asserted until paid at the Default Rate. 

Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 

34

Related Writing means each Loan Document and any other assignment, mortgage, security agreement, guaranty agreement, subordination agreement, financial statement, audit report or other writing furnished by any Credit Party, or any of its officers, to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders pursuant to or otherwise in connection with this Agreement. 

Relevant Governmental Body means (a) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Dollars, the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto, and (b) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of denominated in any Alternate Currency, (i) the central bank for the Currency in which such Loans are denominated, or calculated with respect to, or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (ii) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (A) the central bank for the Currency in which such Loans are denominated, or calculated with respect to, (B) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (i) such Benchmark Replacement or (ii) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement, (C) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 

Reportable Event means a reportable event as that term is defined in Title IV of ERISA, except actions of general applicability by the Secretary of Labor under Section 110 of such Act. 

Required Lenders means the holders of more than fifty percent (50 ), based upon each Lender s Commitment Percentage, of an amount (the Total Amount equal to (a) during the Commitment Period, the Maximum Revolving Amount, or (b) after the Commitment Period, the Revolving Credit Exposure; provided that (i) the portion of the Total Amount held or deemed to be held by any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders, and (ii) if there shall be two or more Lenders (that are not Defaulting Lenders), Required Lenders shall constitute at least two Lenders. 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 

Restricted Payment means, with respect to any Company, (a) any Capital Distribution, (b) any amount paid by such Company in repayment, redemption, retirement or repurchase, directly or indirectly, of any Subordinated Indebtedness, or (c) any amount paid by such Company in respect of any management, consulting or other similar arrangement with any equity holder (other than a Company) of a Company or an Affiliate. 

Revolving Credit Commitment means the obligation hereunder, during the Commitment Period, of (a) the Revolving Lenders (and each Revolving Lender) to make Revolving Loans, (b) the Issuing Lender to issue and each Revolving Lender to participate in, Letters of Credit pursuant to the Letter of Credit Commitment, and (c) the Swing Line Lender to make, and each Revolving Lender to participate in, Swing Loans pursuant to the Swing Line Commitment; up to an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time equal to the Maximum Revolving Amount. 

35

Revolving Credit Exposure means, at any time, the Dollar Equivalent of the sum of (a) the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving Loans outstanding, (b) the Swing Line Exposure, and (c) the Letter of Credit Exposure. 

Revolving Credit Note means a Revolving Credit Note, in the form of the attached Exhibit A , executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2.5(a) hereof. 

Revolving Lender means a Lender with a percentage of the Revolving Credit Commitment as set forth on Schedule 1 hereto, or that acquires a percentage of the Revolving Credit Commitment pursuant to Section 2.10(b) or 11.9 hereof. 

Revolving Loan means a loan made to the Borrower by the Revolving Lenders in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof. 

RFR means, for any Obligations, interest, fees, commissions or other amounts denominated in, or calculated with respect to, (a) Pounds Sterling, SONIA, and (b) Japanese Yen, TONAR. 

RFR Adjustment means with respect to RFR Loans, the adjustment set forth in the table below corresponding to such Alternate Currency: 

Currency 

Adjustment to 
			 Daily Simple RFR 

Pounds Sterling 

0.1193 

Japanese Yen 

0.00835 

RFR Administrator means the SONIA Administrator or the TONAR Administrator, as applicable. 

RFR Administrator s Website means the SONIA Administrator s Website or the TONAR Administrator s Website, as applicable. 

RFR Business Day means as applicable, for any Obligations, interest, fees, commissions or other amounts denominated in, or calculated with respect to (i) Pounds Sterling, a day on which banks are open for general business in London, and (ii) Japanese Yen, a day on which banks are open for general business in Japan. 

RFR Currency means each of Pounds Sterling and Japanese Yen. 

RFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on a Daily Simple RFR. 

RFR Rate Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple RFR . 

36

RFR Reserve Percentage means as of any day, the maximum effective percentage in effect on such day, if any, as prescribed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) for determining the reserve requirements (including, without limitation, supplemental, marginal and emergency reserve requirements) with respect to RFR Loans. 

Sanctions means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control or the U.S. Department of State or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom. 

SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or any governmental body or agency succeeding to any of its principal functions. 

Secured Obligations means, collectively, (a) the Obligations, (b) all obligations and liabilities of the Companies owing to a Lender (or an entity that is an Affiliate of a then existing Lender) under Hedge Agreements, and (c) the Bank Product Obligations owing to a Lender (or an entity that is an Affiliate of a then existing Lender) under Bank Product Agreements; provided that Secured Obligations of a Credit Party shall not include Excluded Swap Obligations owing from such Credit Party. 

Securities Account means a securities account, as that term is defined in the U.C.C. 

Securities Account Control Agreement means each Securities Account Control Agreement among the Borrower or a Guarantor of Payment, the Administrative Agent and a Securities Intermediary, to be in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, as the same may from time to time be amended, restated or otherwise modified. 

Securities Intermediary means a clearing corporation or a Person, including, without limitation, a bank or broker, that in the ordinary course of its business maintains Securities Accounts for others and is acting in that capacity. 

Security Agreement means each Security Agreement, executed and delivered by one or more Guarantors of Payment in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, as the same may from time to time be amended, restated or otherwise modified. 

Security Agreement Joinder means each Security Agreement Joinder, executed and delivered by a Guarantor of Payment for the purpose of adding such Guarantor of Payment as a party to a previously executed Security Agreement. 

Security Document means each Security Agreement, each Security Agreement Joinder, each Pledge Agreement, each Intellectual Property Security Agreement, each Processor s Waiver, each Consignee s Waiver, each Landlord s Waiver, each Bailee s Waiver, each Mortgage, each Control Agreement, each U.C.C. Financing Statement or similar filing as to a jurisdiction located outside of the United States filed in connection herewith or perfecting any interest created in any of the foregoing documents, and any other document pursuant to which any Lien is granted by a Company or any other Person to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, as security for the Secured Obligations, or any part thereof, and each other agreement executed or provided to the Administrative Agent in connection with any of the foregoing, as any of the foregoing may from time to time be amended, restated or otherwise modified or replaced. 

37

SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 

SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 

SOFR Administrator s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 

SOFR Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 

SOFR Index Adjustment means a percentage per annum equal to 0.10 

SOFR Loan means any Term SOFR Loan and Daily Simple SOFR Loan. 

Solvent means, with respect to any Person, that (a) the fair value of such Person s assets is in excess of the total amount of such Person s debts, as determined in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code, (b) the present fair saleable value of such Person s assets is in excess of the amount that will be required to pay such Person s debts as such debts become absolute and matured, (c) such Person is able to realize upon its assets and pay its debts and other liabilities (including disputed, contingent and unliquidated liabilities) as such liabilities mature in the normal course of business, (d) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond its ability to pay as such debts and liabilities mature, and (e) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which its property would constitute an unreasonably small amount of capital. As used in this definition, the term debts includes any legal liability, whether matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, absolute, fixed or contingent, as determined in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code. 

SONIA means a rate equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average as administered by the SONIA Administrator. 

SONIA Administrator means the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average). 

38

SONIA Administrator s Website means the Bank of England s website, currently at http://www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. 

Standard Poor s means S P Global Ratings, a business unit of Standard Poor s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of S P Global, Inc., and any successor thereto. 

Subordinated Indebtedness means Indebtedness that shall have been subordinated (by written terms or written agreement being, in either case, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) in favor of the prior payment in full of the Obligations. 

Subsidiary means (a) a corporation more than fifty percent (50 of the Voting Power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Borrower or by one or more other subsidiaries of the Borrower or by the Borrower and one or more subsidiaries of the Borrower, (b) a partnership, limited liability company or unlimited liability company of which the Borrower, one or more other subsidiaries of the Borrower or the Borrower and one or more subsidiaries of the Borrower, directly or indirectly, is a general partner or managing member, as the case may be, or otherwise has an ownership interest greater than fifty percent (50 of all of the ownership interests in such partnership, limited liability company or unlimited liability company, or (c) any other Person (other than a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or unlimited liability company) in which the Borrower, one or more other subsidiaries of the Borrower or the Borrower and one or more subsidiaries of the Borrower, directly or indirectly, has at least a majority interest in the Voting Power or the power to elect or direct the election of a majority of directors or other governing body of such Person. 

Swap Obligations means, with respect to any Company, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 

Swing Line Commitment means the commitment of the Swing Line Lender to make Swing Loans to the Borrower, on a discretionary basis, up to the aggregate amount at any time outstanding of Five Million Dollars 5,000,000). 

Swing Line Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swing Loans outstanding. 

Swing Line Lender means KeyBank, as holder of the Swing Line Commitment. 

Swing Line Note means the Swing Line Note, in the form of the attached Exhibit B executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2.5(b) hereof. 

Swing Loan means a loan that shall be denominated in Dollars made to the Borrower by the Swing Line Lender under the Swing Line Commitment, in accordance with Section 2.2(c) hereof. 

39

Swing Loan Maturity Date means, with respect to any Swing Loan, the earlier of (a) fifteen (15) days after the date such Swing Loan is made, or (b) the last day of the Commitment Period. 

TARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system which utilizes a single shared platform and which was launched on November 19, 2007. 

TARGET Day means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments in Euros. 

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Term SOFR means, for any calculation with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Lookback Day that is two SOFR Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and rounded in accordance with the Administrative Agent s customary practice), as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (US Eastern time) on any Lookback Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding SOFR Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding SOFR Business Day is not more than three SOFR Business Days prior to such Lookback Day, and for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day that is two SOFR Business Days prior to the date the Base Rate is determined, subject to the proviso provided above. 

Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Ltd. (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 

Term SOFR Loan means a Revolving Loan made to the Borrower described in Section 2.2(a) hereof, in each case on which the Borrower shall pay interest at the Derived Term SOFR Rate. 

Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 

TONAR means a rate equal to the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate as administered by the TONAR Administrator. 

TONAR Administrator means the Bank of Japan (or any successor administrator of the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate). 

40

TONAR Administrator s Website means the Bank of Japan s website, currently at http://www.boj.or.jp, or any successor source for the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate identified as such by the TONAR Administrator from time to time. 

Trade Date means that term as defined in Section 11.9(b)(i)(B) hereof. 

U.C.C. means the Uniform Commercial Code, as in effect from time to time in the State of New York; provided that, if perfection or the effect of perfection or non-perfection or the priority of any security interest in any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, U.C.C. means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such perfection, effect of perfection or non-perfection or priority. 

U.C.C. Financing Statement means a financing statement filed or to be filed in accordance with the Uniform Commercial Code, as in effect from time to time, in the relevant state or states. 

UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 

United States means the United States of America. 

U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate means that term as defined in Section 3.2(e) hereof. 

Voting Power means, with respect to any Person, the exclusive ability to control, through the ownership of shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests or otherwise, the election of members of the board of directors or other similar governing body of such Person. The holding of a designated percentage of Voting Power of a Person means the ownership of shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests or other interests of such Person sufficient to control exclusively the election of that percentage of the members of the board of directors or similar governing body of such Person. 

41

Welfare Plan means an ERISA Plan that is a welfare plan within the meaning of ERISA Section 3(l). 

Write Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

Section 1.2. Accounting Terms . 

(a) Any accounting term not specifically defined in this Article I shall have the meaning ascribed thereto by GAAP. 

(b) If any change in the rules, regulations, pronouncements, opinions or other requirements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (or any successor thereto or agency with similar function) is made with respect to GAAP, or if the Borrower adopts the International Financial Reporting Standards, and such change or adoption results in a change in the calculation of any component (or components in the aggregate) of the financial covenants set forth in Section 5.7 hereof or the related financial definitions, at the option of the Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders or the Borrower, the parties hereto will enter into good faith negotiations to amend such financial covenants and financial definitions in such manner as the parties shall agree, each acting reasonably, in order to reflect fairly such change or adoption so that the criteria for evaluating the financial condition of the Borrower shall be the same in commercial effect after, as well as before, such change or adoption is made (in which case the method and calculating such financial covenants and definitions hereunder shall be determined in the manner so agreed); provided that, until so amended, such calculations shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP as in effect prior to such change or adoption. 

Section 1.3. Terms Generally . The foregoing definitions shall be applicable to the singular and plural forms of the foregoing defined terms. Unless otherwise defined in this Article I, terms that are defined in the U.C.C. are used herein as so defined. 

Section 1.4. Confirmation of Recitals . The Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby confirm the statements set forth in the recitals of this Agreement and agree that this Agreement amends and restates in its entirety the Original Credit Agreement as set forth in the recitals of this Agreement. 

Section 1.5. Divisions . For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its equity interests at such time. 

42

Section 1.6. Rates . The interest rate on Loans denominated in Dollars or any Alternate Currency may be determined by reference to a benchmark rate that is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform or cessation. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Base Rate, Daily Simple SOFR, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any Alternate Currency Rate, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Base Rate, Daily Simple SOFR, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR, Alternate Currency Rate or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its Affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Base Rate, Daily Simple SOFR, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR, Alternate Currency Rate or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Base Rate, Daily Simple SOFR, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR, Alternate Currency Rate or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. The Administrative Agent will, in keeping with industry practice, continue using its current rounding practices in connection with the Base Rate, Daily Simple SOFR, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any Alternate Currency Rate. In connection with the use or administration of Daily Simple SOFR, Term SOFR or any Alternate Currency Rate, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of Daily Simple SOFR, Term SOFR or any Alternate Currency Rate. 

43

ARTICLE II. AMOUNT AND TERMS OF CREDIT 

Section 2.1. Amount and Nature of Credit . 

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Lenders, during the Commitment Period and to the extent hereinafter provided, shall make Loans to the Borrower, participate in Swing Loans made by the Swing Line Lender to the Borrower, and issue or participate in Letters of Credit at the request of the Borrower, in such aggregate amount as the Borrower shall request pursuant to the Commitment. 

(b) Each Lender, for itself and not one for any other, agrees to make Loans, participate in Swing Loans, and issue or participate in Letters of Credit, during the Commitment Period, on such basis that, immediately after the completion of any borrowing by the Borrower or the issuance of a Letter of Credit: 

(i) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Loans made by such Lender (other than Swing Loans made by the Swing Line Lender), when combined with such Lender s pro rata share, if any, of the Letter of Credit Exposure and the Swing Line Exposure, shall not be in excess of the Maximum Amount for such Lender; and 

(ii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Loans (other than Swing Loans) made by such Lender shall represent that percentage of the aggregate principal amount then outstanding on all Loans (other than Swing Loans) that shall be such Lender s Commitment Percentage. 

Each borrowing (other than Swing Loans which shall be risk participated on a pro rata basis) from the Lenders shall be made pro rata according to the respective Commitment Percentages of the Lenders. 

(c) The Loans may be made as Revolving Loans as described in Section 2.2(a) hereof, and as Swing Loans as described in Section 2.2(c) hereof, and Letters of Credit may be issued in accordance with Section 2.2(b) hereof. 

Section 2.2. Revolving Credit Commitment . 

(a) Revolving Loans . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, during the Commitment Period, the Revolving Lenders shall make a Revolving Loan or Revolving Loans to the Borrower in such amount or amounts as the Borrower, through an Authorized Officer, may from time to time request, but not exceeding in aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding hereunder the Revolving Credit Commitment, when such Revolving Loans are combined with the Letter of Credit Exposure and the Swing Line Exposure; provided that the Borrower shall not request any Alternate Currency Loan (and the Lenders shall not be obligated to make an Alternate Currency Loan) if, after giving effect thereto, the Alternate Currency Exposure would exceed the Alternate Currency Maximum Amount. The Borrower shall have the option, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, to borrow Revolving Loans, maturing on the last day of the Commitment Period, by means of any combination of Base Rate Loans, SOFR Loans or Alternate Currency Loans. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the Borrower shall be entitled under this Section 2.2(a) to borrow Revolving Loans, repay the same in whole or in part and re-borrow Revolving Loans hereunder at any time and from time to time during the Commitment Period. The aggregate outstanding amount of all Revolving Loans shall be payable in full on the last day of the Commitment Period. 

44

(b) Letters of Credit . 

(i) Generally . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, during the Commitment Period, the Issuing Lender shall, in its own name, on behalf of the Revolving Lenders, issue such Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower or a Guarantor of Payment, as the Borrower may from time to time request. The Borrower shall not request any Letter of Credit (and the Issuing Lender shall not be obligated to issue any Letter of Credit) if, after giving effect thereto, (A) the Letter of Credit Exposure would exceed the Letter of Credit Commitment, or (B) the Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed the Revolving Credit Commitment. The issuance of each Letter of Credit shall confer upon each Revolving Lender the benefits and liabilities of a participation consisting of an undivided pro rata interest in the Letter of Credit to the extent of such Revolving Lender s Commitment Percentage. Each Letter of Credit shall be issued in Dollars. 

(ii) Request for Letter of Credit . Each request for a Letter of Credit shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent (and to the Issuing Lender, if the Issuing Lender is a Lender other than the Administrative Agent) by an Authorized Officer not later than 11:00 A.M. (Eastern time) three Business Days prior to the date of the proposed issuance of the Letter of Credit (or such shorter period as may be acceptable to the Issuing Lender). Each such request shall be in a form acceptable to the Administrative Agent (and the Issuing Lender, if the Issuing Lender is a Lender other than the Administrative Agent) and shall specify the face amount thereof, whether such Letter of Credit is a commercial documentary or a standby Letter of Credit, the account party, the beneficiary, the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, the expiry date thereof, and the nature of the transaction or obligation to be supported thereby. Concurrently with each such request, the Borrower, and any Guarantor of Payment for whose account the Letter of Credit is to be issued, shall execute and deliver to the Issuing Lender an appropriate application and agreement, being in the standard form of the Issuing Lender for such letters of credit, as amended to conform to the provisions of this Agreement if required by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall give the Issuing Lender and each Revolving Lender notice of each such request for a Letter of Credit. 

(iii) Commercial Documentary Letters of Credit Fees . With respect to each Letter of Credit that shall be a commercial documentary letter of credit and the drafts thereunder, whether issued for the account of the Borrower or a Guarantor of Payment, the Borrower agrees to (A) pay to the Administrative Agent, for the pro rata benefit of the Revolving Lenders, a non-refundable commission based upon the face amount of such Letter of Credit, which shall be paid quarterly in arrears, on each Regularly Scheduled Payment Date, in an amount equal to the aggregate sum of the Letter of Credit Fee for such Letter of Credit for each day of such quarter; (B) pay to the Administrative Agent, for the sole benefit of the Issuing Lender, an additional Letter of Credit fee, which shall be paid on the date that such Letter of Credit is issued, amended or renewed, at the rate of one-fourth percent (1/4 of the face amount of such Letter of Credit; and (C) pay to the Administrative Agent, for the sole benefit of the Issuing Lender, such other issuance, amendment, renewal, negotiation, draw, acceptance, telex, courier, postage and similar transactional fees as are customarily charged by the Issuing Lender in respect of the issuance and administration of similar letters of credit under its fee schedule as in effect from time to time. 

45

(iv) Standby Letters of Credit Fees . With respect to each Letter of Credit that shall be a standby letter of credit and the drafts thereunder, if any, whether issued for the account of the Borrower or a Guarantor of Payment, the Borrower agrees to (A) pay to the Administrative Agent, for the pro rata benefit of the Revolving Lenders, a non-refundable commission based upon the face amount of such Letter of Credit, which shall be paid quarterly in arrears, on each Regularly Scheduled Payment Date, in an amount equal to the aggregate sum of the Letter of Credit Fee for such Letter of Credit for each day of such quarter; (B) pay to the Administrative Agent, for the sole benefit of the Issuing Lender, an additional Letter of Credit fee, which shall be paid on each date that such Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended or renewed at the rate of one-fourth percent (1/4 of the face amount of such Letter of Credit; and (C) pay to the Administrative Agent, for the sole benefit of the Issuing Lender, such other issuance, amendment, renewal, negotiation, draw, acceptance, telex, courier, postage and similar transactional fees as are customarily charged by the Issuing Lender in respect of the issuance and administration of similar letters of credit under its fee schedule as in effect from time to time. 

(v) Refunding of Letters of Credit with Revolving Loans . Whenever a Letter of Credit shall be drawn, the Borrower shall promptly reimburse the Issuing Lender for the amount drawn. In the event that the amount drawn shall not have been reimbursed by the Borrower within one Business Day of the date of the drawing of such Letter of Credit, at the sole option of the Administrative Agent (and the Issuing Lender, if the Issuing Lender is a Lender other than the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall be deemed to have requested a Revolving Loan, subject to the provisions of Sections 2.2(a) and 2.6 hereof (other than the requirement set forth in Section 2.6(d) hereof), in the amount drawn. Such Revolving Loan shall be evidenced by the Revolving Credit Notes (or, if a Lender has not requested a Revolving Credit Note, by the records of the Administrative Agent and such Lender). Each Revolving Lender agrees to make a Revolving Loan on the date of such notice, subject to no conditions precedent whatsoever. Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to make a Revolving Loan pursuant to Section 2.2(a) hereof when required by this Section 2.2(b)(v) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including, without limitation, the occurrence and continuance of a Default or Event of Default, and that its payment to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Issuing Lender, of the proceeds of such Revolving Loan shall be made without any offset, abatement, recoupment, counterclaim, withholding or reduction whatsoever and whether or not the Revolving Credit Commitment shall have been reduced or terminated. The Borrower irrevocably authorizes and instructs the Administrative Agent to apply the proceeds of any borrowing pursuant to this Section 2.2(b)(v) to reimburse, in full (other than the Issuing Lender s pro rata share of such borrowing), the Issuing Lender for the amount drawn on such Letter of Credit. Each such Revolving Loan shall be deemed to be a Base Rate Loan unless otherwise requested by and available to the Borrower hereunder. Each Revolving Lender is hereby authorized to record on its records relating to its Revolving Credit Note (or, if such Revolving Lender has not requested a Revolving Credit Note, its records relating to Revolving Loans) such Revolving Lender s pro rata share of the amounts paid and not reimbursed on the Letters of Credit. 

46

(vi) Participation in Letters of Credit . If, for any reason, the Administrative Agent (and the Issuing Lender if the Issuing Lender is a Lender other than the Administrative Agent) shall be unable to or, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, it shall be impracticable to, convert any amount drawn under a Letter of Credit to a Revolving Loan pursuant to the preceding subsection, the Administrative Agent (and the Issuing Lender if the Issuing Lender is a Lender other than the Administrative Agent) shall have the right to request that each Revolving Lender fund a participation in the amount due with respect to such Letter of Credit, and the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Revolving Lender thereof (by facsimile or email (confirmed by telephone) or telephone (confirmed in writing)). Upon such notice, but without further action, the Issuing Lender hereby agrees to grant to each Revolving Lender, and each Revolving Lender hereby agrees to acquire from the Issuing Lender, an undivided participation interest in the amount due with respect to such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to such Revolving Lender s Commitment Percentage of the principal amount due with respect to such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, upon receipt of notice as provided above, to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Issuing Lender, such Revolving Lender s ratable share of the amount due with respect to such Letter of Credit (determined in accordance with such Revolving Lender s Commitment Percentage). Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in the amount due under any Letter of Credit that is drawn but not reimbursed by the Borrower pursuant to this subsection (vi) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including, without limitation, the occurrence and continuance of a Default or Event of Default, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, recoupment, counterclaim, withholding or reduction whatsoever and whether or not the Revolving Credit Commitment shall have been reduced or terminated. Each Revolving Lender shall comply with its obligation under this subsection (vi) by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.6 hereof with respect to Revolving Loans. Each Revolving Lender is hereby authorized to record on its records such Revolving Lender s pro rata share of the amounts paid and not reimbursed on the Letters of Credit. 

47

(c) Swing Loans . 

(i) Generally . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, during the Commitment Period, the Swing Line Lender shall make a Swing Loan or Swing Loans to the Borrower in such amount or amounts as the Borrower, through an Authorized Officer, may from time to time request and to which the Swing Line Lender may agree; provided that the Borrower shall not request any Swing Loan if, after giving effect thereto, (A) the Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed the Revolving Credit Commitment, or (B) the Swing Line Exposure would exceed the Swing Line Commitment. Each Swing Loan shall be due and payable on the Swing Loan Maturity Date applicable thereto. Each Swing Loan shall be made in Dollars. 

(ii) Refunding of Swing Loans . If the Swing Line Lender so elects, by giving notice to the Borrower and the Revolving Lenders, the Borrower agrees that the Swing Line Lender shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to require that the then outstanding Swing Loans be refinanced as a Revolving Loan. Such Revolving Loan shall be a Base Rate Loan unless otherwise requested by and available to the Borrower hereunder. Upon receipt of such notice by the Borrower and the Revolving Lenders, the Borrower shall be deemed, on such day, to have requested a Revolving Loan in the principal amount of such Swing Loan in accordance with Sections 2.2(a) and 2.6 hereof (other than the requirement set forth in Section 2.6(d) hereof). Such Revolving Loan shall be evidenced by the Revolving Credit Notes (or, if a Revolving Lender has not requested a Revolving Credit Note, by the records of the Administrative Agent and such Revolving Lender). Each Revolving Lender agrees to make a Revolving Loan on the date of such notice, subject to no conditions precedent whatsoever. Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that such Revolving Lender s obligation to make a Revolving Loan pursuant to Section 2.2(a) hereof when required by this Section 2.2(c)(ii) is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including, without limitation, the occurrence and continuance of a Default or Event of Default, and that its payment to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Swing Line Lender, of the proceeds of such Revolving Loan shall be made without any offset, abatement, recoupment, counterclaim, withholding or reduction whatsoever and whether or not the Revolving Credit Commitment shall have been reduced or terminated. The Borrower irrevocably authorizes and instructs the Administrative Agent to apply the proceeds of any borrowing pursuant to this Section 2.2(c)(ii) to repay in full such Swing Loan. Each Revolving Lender is hereby authorized to record on its records relating to its Revolving Credit Note (or, if such Revolving Lender has not requested a Revolving Credit Note, its records relating to Revolving Loans) such Revolving Lender s pro rata share of the amounts paid to refund such Swing Loan. 

(iii) Participation in Swing Loans . If, for any reason, the Swing Line Lender is unable to or, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, it is impracticable to, convert any Swing Loan to a Revolving Loan pursuant to the preceding Section 2.2(c)(ii), then on any day that a Swing Loan is outstanding (whether before or after the maturity thereof), the Administrative Agent shall have the right to request that each Revolving Lender fund a participation in such Swing Loan, and the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Revolving Lender thereof (by facsimile or email (confirmed by telephone) or telephone (confirmed in writing)). Upon such notice, but without further action, the Swing Line Lender hereby agrees to grant to each Revolving Lender, and each Revolving Lender hereby agrees to acquire from the Swing Line Lender, an undivided participation interest in the right to share in the payment of such Swing Loan in an amount equal to such Revolving Lender s Commitment Percentage of the principal amount of such Swing Loan. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, upon receipt of notice as provided above, to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Swing Line Lender, such Revolving Lender s ratable share of such Swing Loan (determined in accordance with such Revolving Lender s Commitment Percentage). Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swing Loans pursuant to this Section 2.2(c)(iii) is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including, without limitation, the occurrence and continuance of a Default or an Event of Default, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, recoupment, counterclaim, withholding or reduction whatsoever and whether or not the Revolving Credit Commitment shall have been reduced or terminated. Each Revolving Lender shall comply with its obligation under this Section 2.2(c)(iii) by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.6 hereof with respect to Revolving Loans to be made by such Revolving Lender. 

48

Section 2.3. Reserved . 

Section 2.4. Interest . 

(a) Revolving Loans . 

(i) Interest . The outstanding principal amount of each Revolving Loan shall bear interest at a fluctuating rate per annum that shall at all times be equal to (i) during such periods as such Revolving Loan is a Base Rate Loan, the Derived Base Rate, (ii) during such periods as such Revolving Loan is a Term SOFR Loan, the Derived Term SOFR Rate, (iii) during such periods as such Revolving Loan is a Daily Simple SOFR Loan, the Derived Daily Simple SOFR Rate, or (iv) during such periods as such Revolving Loan is an Alternate Currency Loan, the Derived Alternate Currency Rate for the applicable Alternate Currency. 

(ii) Accrual and Payment of Interest . The Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Loan outstanding from time to time from the date thereof until paid: (i) in respect of each Base Rate Loan, SOFR Loan and Alternate Currency Loan, on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and in the event of any conversion of any SOFR Loan prior to the end of the Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such SOFR Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion; and (ii) in respect of all Loans, at maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise). 

49

(b) Swing Loans . The Borrower shall pay interest to the Administrative Agent, for the sole benefit of the Swing Line Lender (and any Revolving Lender that shall have funded a participation in such Swing Loan), on the unpaid principal amount of each Swing Loan outstanding from time to time from the date thereof until paid at the Derived Base Rate from time to time in effect. Interest on each Swing Loan shall be payable on the Swing Loan Maturity Date applicable thereto. Each Swing Loan shall bear interest for a minimum of one day. 

(c) Default Rate . Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, if an Event of Default shall occur, upon the election of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (i) the principal of each Loan and the unpaid interest thereon shall bear interest, until paid, at the Default Rate, (ii) the fee for the aggregate undrawn amount of all issued and outstanding Letters of Credit shall be increased by two percent (2 in excess of the rate otherwise applicable thereto, and (iii) in the case of any other amount not paid when due from the Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document, such amount shall bear interest at the Default Rate; provided that, during an Event of Default under Section 8.1 or 8.12 hereof, the applicable Default Rate shall apply without any election or action on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 

(d) Limitation on Interest . In no event shall the rate of interest hereunder exceed the maximum rate allowable by law. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable law (the Maximum Rate ). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (i) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (ii) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (iii) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations. 

Section 2.5. Evidence of Indebtedness . 

(a) Revolving Loans . Upon the request of a Revolving Lender, to evidence the obligation of the Borrower to repay the portion of the Revolving Loans made by such Revolving Lender and to pay interest thereon, the Borrower shall execute a Revolving Credit Note, payable to the order of such Revolving Lender in the principal amount equal to its Commitment Percentage of the Revolving Credit Commitment, or, if less, the aggregate unpaid principal amount of Revolving Loans made by such Revolving Lender; provided that the failure of a Revolving Lender to request a Revolving Credit Note shall in no way detract from the Borrower s obligations to such Revolving Lender hereunder. 

(b) Swing Loans . Upon the request of the Swing Line Lender, to evidence the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Swing Loans and to pay interest thereon, the Borrower shall execute a Swing Line Note, payable to the order of the Swing Line Lender in the principal amount of the Swing Line Commitment, or, if less, the aggregate unpaid principal amount of Swing Loans made by the Swing Line Lender; provided that the failure of the Swing Line Lender to request a Swing Line Note shall in no way detract from the Borrower s obligations to the Swing Line Lender hereunder. 

50

Section 2.6. Notice of Loans and Credit Events; Funding of Loans . 

(a) Notice of Loans and Credit Events . The Borrower, through an Authorized Officer, shall provide to the Administrative Agent a Notice of Loan prior to (i) 11:00 A.M. (Eastern time) on the proposed date of borrowing of, or conversion of a Loan to, a Base Rate Loan, (ii) 11:00 A.M. (Eastern time) three Business Days prior to the proposed date of borrowing of, continuation of, or conversion of a Loan to, a SOFR Loan, (iii) 2:00 P.M. (Eastern time) on the proposed date of borrowing of a Swing Loan (or such later time as agreed to from time to time by the Swing Line Lender), and (iv) 11:00 A.M. (Eastern time) five Business Days prior to the proposed date of borrowing of an Alternate Currency Loan. An Authorized Officer of the Borrower may verbally request a Loan, so long as a Notice of Loan is received by the end of the same Business Day, and, if the Administrative Agent or any Lender provides funds or initiates funding based upon such verbal request, the Borrower shall bear the risk with respect to any information regarding such funding that is later determined to have been incorrect. The Borrower shall comply with the notice provisions set forth in Section 2.2(b) hereof with respect to Letters of Credit. 

(b) Funding of Loans . The Administrative Agent shall notify the appropriate Lenders of the date, amount, type of currency and Interest Period (if applicable) promptly upon the receipt of a Notice of Loan (other than for a Swing Loan, or a Revolving Loan to be funded as a Swing Loan), and, in any event, by 2:00 P.M. (Eastern time) on the date such Notice of Loan is received. On the date that the Credit Event set forth in such Notice of Loan is to occur, each such Lender shall provide to the Administrative Agent, not later than 3:00 P.M. (Eastern time), the amount in Dollars, or, with respect to an Alternate Currency, in the applicable Alternate Currency, in federal or other immediately available funds, required of it. If the Administrative Agent shall elect to advance the proceeds of such Loan prior to receiving funds from such Lender, the Administrative Agent shall have the right, upon prior notice to the Borrower, to debit any account of the Borrower or otherwise receive such amount from the Borrower, promptly after demand, in the event that such Lender shall fail to reimburse the Administrative Agent in accordance with this subsection (b). The Administrative Agent shall also have the right to receive interest from such Lender at the Federal Funds Effective Rate in the event that such Lender shall fail to provide its portion of the Loan on the date requested and the Administrative Agent shall elect to provide such funds. 

(c) Conversion and Continuation of Loans . 

(i) At the request of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, subject to the notice and other provisions of this Agreement, the appropriate Lenders shall convert a Base Rate Loan or a Daily Simple SOFR Loan to one or more Term SOFR Loans at any time and shall convert a Term SOFR Loan to a Base Rate Loan or a Daily Simple SOFR Loan on any Interest Adjustment Date applicable thereto. Swing Loans may be converted by the Swing Line Lender to Revolving Loans in accordance with Section 2.2(c)(ii) hereof. 

(ii) At the request of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, subject to the notice and other provisions of this Agreement, the appropriate Lenders shall continue one or more Term SOFR Loans as of the end of the applicable Interest Period as a new Term SOFR Loan with a new Interest Period. 

51

(d) Minimum Amount for Loans . Each request for: 

(i) a Base Rate Loan or a Daily Simple SOFR Loan shall be in an amount of not less than One Million Dollars 1,000,000), increased by increments of One Million Dollars 1,000,000); 

(ii) each Fixed Rate Loan and RFR Loan shall be in an amount (or, with respect to an Alternate Currency Loan, such approximately comparable amount as shall result in an amount rounded to the nearest whole number) of not less than One Million Dollars 1,000,000), increased by increments of One Million Dollars 1,000,000) (or, with respect to an Alternate Currency Loan, such approximately comparable amount as shall result in an amount rounded to the nearest whole number); and 

(iii) a Swing Loan shall be in an amount of not less than Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 500,000), or such lower amount as may be agreed to by the Swing Line Lender. 

(e) Interest Periods . The Borrower shall not request that Fixed Rate Loans be outstanding for more than six different Interest Periods at the same time. 

Section 2.7. Payment on Loans and Other Obligations . 

(a) Payments Generally . Each payment made hereunder by a Credit Party shall be made without any offset, abatement, recoupment, counterclaim, withholding or reduction whatsoever. 

(b) Payments in Dollars from Borrower . With respect to (i) any Loan (other than an Alternate Currency Loan), or (ii) any other payment to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that shall not be covered by subsection (e) below, all such payments (including prepayments) to the Administrative Agent of the principal of or interest on such Loan or other payment, including but not limited to principal, interest, fees or any other amount owed by the Borrower under this Agreement, shall be made in Dollars. All payments described in this subsection (b) shall be remitted to the Administrative Agent, at the address of the Administrative Agent for notices referred to in Section 11.4 hereof for the account of the appropriate Lenders (or the Issuing Lender or the Swing Line Lender, as appropriate) not later than 12:00 P.M. (Eastern time) on the due date thereof in immediately available funds. Any such payments received by the Administrative Agent (or the Issuing Lender or the Swing Line Lender) after 12:00 P.M. (Eastern time) shall be deemed to have been made and received on the next Business Day. 

52

(c) Payments to Lenders . Upon the Administrative Agent s receipt of payments hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall immediately distribute to the appropriate Lenders (except with respect to Swing Loans, which shall be paid to the Swing Line Lender and any Lender that has funded a participation in the Swing Loans, or, with respect to Letters of Credit, certain of which payments shall be paid to the Issuing Lender) their respective ratable shares, if any, of the amount of principal, interest, and commitment and other fees received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender. Payments received by the Administrative Agent in Dollars shall be delivered to the Lenders in Dollars in immediately available funds. Payments received by the Administrative Agent in any Alternate Currency shall be delivered to the Lenders in such Alternate Currency in same day funds. Each Lender shall record any principal, interest or other payment, the principal amounts of Base Rate Loans, SOFR Loans, Fixed Rate Loans, Swing Loans and Letters of Credit, the type of currency for each Loan, all prepayments and the applicable dates, including Interest Periods, with respect to the Loans made, and payments received by such Lender, by such method as such Lender may generally employ; provided that failure to make any such entry shall in no way detract from the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement or any Note. The aggregate unpaid amount of Loans, types of Loans, Interest Periods and similar information with respect to the Loans and Letters of Credit set forth on the records of the Administrative Agent shall be rebuttably presumptive evidence with respect to such information, including the amounts of principal, interest and fees owing to each Lender. 

(d) Timing of Payments . Whenever any payment to be made hereunder, including, without limitation, any payment to be made on any Loan, shall be stated to be due on a day that is not a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next Business Day and such extension of time shall in each case be included in the computation of the interest payable on such Loan; provided that, with respect to a Fixed Rate Loan, if the next Business Day shall fall in the succeeding calendar month, such payment shall be made on the preceding Business Day and the relevant Interest Period shall be adjusted accordingly. 

(e) Payments in Alternate Currency . With respect to any Alternate Currency Loan, all payments (including prepayments) to any Lender of the principal of or interest on such Alternate Currency Loan shall be made in the same Alternate Currency as the original Loan. For clarification, the amount outstanding on any Alternate Currency Loan for purposes of repayment on the last day of the applicable Interest Period shall be measured in the Alternate Currency and not by the Dollar Equivalent of such amount. All such payments shall be remitted by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, at the address of the Administrative Agent for notices referred to in Section 11.4 hereof (or at such other office or account as designated in writing by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower), for the account of the Lenders not later than 11:00 A.M. (Eastern time) on the due date thereof in same day funds. Any such payments received by the Administrative Agent after 11:00 A.M. (Eastern time) shall be deemed to have been made and received on the next Business Day. 

53

Section 2.8. Prepayment . 

(a) Right to Prepay . 

(i) The Borrower shall have the right at any time or from time to time to prepay, on a pro rata basis for all of the appropriate Lenders (except with respect to Swing Loans, which shall be paid to the Swing Line Lender and any Lender that has funded a participation in such Swing Loan), all or any part of the principal amount of the Loans then outstanding, as designated by the Borrower. Such payment shall include interest accrued on the amount so prepaid to the date of such prepayment and any amount payable under Article III hereof with respect to the amount being prepaid. Prepayments of Base Rate Loans shall be without any premium or penalty. 

(ii) The Borrower shall have the right, at any time or from time to time, to prepay, for the benefit of the Swing Line Lender (and any Revolving Lender that has funded a participation in such Swing Loan), all or any part of the principal amount of the Swing Loans then outstanding, as designated by the Borrower, plus interest accrued on the amount so prepaid to the date of such prepayment. 

(b) Notice of Prepayment . The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable written notice of prepayment of (i) a Base Rate Loan or Swing Loan by no later than 11:00 A.M. (Eastern time) on the Business Day on which such prepayment is to be made, and (ii) a SOFR Loan or Alternate Currency Loan by no later than 1:00 P.M. (Eastern time) three Business Days before the Business Day on which such prepayment is to be made. 

(c) Minimum Amount . Each prepayment of a Term SOFR Loan or Alternate Currency Loan shall be in the principal amount of not less than Five Hundred Thousand 500,000), or the principal amount of such Loan (or, with respect to an Alternate Currency Loan, the Dollar Equivalent (rounded to a comparable amount) of such amount), or, with respect to a Swing Loan, the principal balance of such Swing Loan, except in the case of a mandatory payment pursuant to Section 2.12(c) or Article III hereof. 

Section 2.9. Commitment and Other Fees . 

(a) Commitment Fee . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable account of the Revolving Lenders, as a consideration for the Revolving Credit Commitment, a commitment fee, for each day from the Closing Date through the last day of the Commitment Period, in an amount equal to (i) (A) the Maximum Revolving Amount at the end of such day, minus (B) the Revolving Credit Exposure (exclusive of the Swing Line Exposure) at the end of such day, multiplied by (ii) the Applicable Commitment Fee Rate in effect on such day divided by three hundred sixty (360). The commitment fee shall be payable quarterly in arrears, commencing on September 30, 2021 and continuing on each Regularly Scheduled Payment Date thereafter, and on the last day of the Commitment Period. 

54

(b) Administrative Agent Fee . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for its sole benefit, the annual administrative agent fee and other fees payable to the Administrative Agent set forth in the Administrative Agent Fee Letter. 

Section 2.10. Modifications to Commitments . 

(a) Optional Reduction of Revolving Credit Commitment . The Borrower may at any time and from time to time permanently reduce in whole or ratably in part the Maximum Revolving Amount to an amount not less than the then existing Revolving Credit Exposure, by giving the Administrative Agent not fewer than three Business Days written notice of such reduction, provided that any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount, for all of the Lenders, of not less than Five Million Dollars 5,000,000), increased in increments of One Million Dollars 1,000,000). The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Revolving Lender of the date of each such reduction and such Revolving Lender s proportionate share thereof. After each such partial reduction, the commitment fees payable hereunder shall be calculated upon the Maximum Revolving Amount as so reduced. If the Borrower reduces in whole the Revolving Credit Commitment, on the effective date of such reduction (the Borrower having prepaid in full the unpaid principal balance, if any, of the Revolving Loans, together with all interest (if any) and commitment and other fees accrued and unpaid with respect thereto, and provided that no Letter of Credit Exposure or Swing Line Exposure shall exist), all of the Revolving Credit Notes shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent marked Canceled and the Administrative Agent shall redeliver such Revolving Credit Notes to the Borrower. Any partial reduction in the Maximum Revolving Amount shall be effective during the remainder of the Commitment Period. 

(b) Increase in Commitment . 

(i) At any time during the Commitment Increase Period, the Borrower may request that the Administrative Agent (A) increase the Maximum Revolving Amount, or (B) add a term loan facility to this Agreement (the Additional Term Loan Facility (which Additional Term Loan Facility shall be subject to subsection (c) below); provided that the aggregate amount of all increases (revolver and term) made pursuant to this subsection (b) shall not exceed One Hundred Million Dollars 100,000,000). Each such request for an increase shall be in an amount of at least Ten Million Dollars 10,000,000), and may be made by either (1) increasing, for one or more Revolving Lenders, with their prior written consent, their respective Revolving Credit Commitments, (2) adding a new commitment for one or more Lenders, with their prior written consent, with respect to the Additional Term Loan Facility, or (3) including one or more Additional Lenders, each with a new commitment under the Revolving Credit Commitment or the Additional Term Loan Facility, as a party to this Agreement (each an Additional Commitment and, collectively, the Additional Commitments ). 

(ii) During the Commitment Increase Period, all of the Lenders agree that the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, may permit one or more Additional Commitments upon satisfaction of the following requirements: (A) each Additional Lender, if any, shall execute an Additional Lender Assumption Agreement, (B) each Additional Commitment from an Additional Lender, if any, shall be in an amount of at least Ten Million Dollars 10,000,000), (C) the Administrative Agent shall provide to the Borrower and each Lender a revised Schedule 1 to this Agreement, including revised Commitment Percentages for each of the Lenders, if appropriate, at least three Business Days prior to the date of the effectiveness of such Additional Commitments (each an Additional Lender Assumption Effective Date ), and (D) the Borrower shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lenders such replacement or additional Notes as shall be required by the Administrative Agent (if Notes have been requested by such Lender or Lenders). The Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to execute each Additional Lender Assumption Agreement on behalf of the Lenders. 

55

(iii) On each Additional Lender Assumption Effective Date, the Lenders shall make adjustments among themselves with respect to the Loans then outstanding and amounts of principal, interest, commitment fees and other amounts paid or payable with respect thereto as shall be necessary, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, in order to reallocate among the applicable Lenders such outstanding amounts, based on the revised Commitment Percentages and to otherwise carry out fully the intent and terms of this Section 2.10(b) (and the Borrower shall pay to the applicable Lenders any amounts that would be payable pursuant to Section 3.3 hereof if such adjustments among the applicable Lenders would cause a prepayment of one or more Fixed Rate Loans). In connection therewith, it is understood and agreed that the Maximum Amount of any Lender will not be increased (or decreased except pursuant to subsection (a) hereof) without the prior written consent of such Lender. The Borrower shall not request any increase or any addition of a term loan facility pursuant to this subsection (b) if a Default or an Event of Default shall then exist, or, after giving pro forma effect to any such increase, would exist. At the time of any such increase, at the request of the Administrative Agent, the Credit Parties and the Lenders shall enter into an amendment to evidence such increase and to address related provisions as deemed necessary or appropriate by the Administrative Agent. 

(c) Additional Term Loan Facility . 

(i) The Additional Term Loan Facility (A) shall rank pari passu in right of payment with the Revolving Loans, (B) shall be fully secured on a pari passu basis with the Revolving Loans, (C) shall not mature earlier than the last day of the Commitment Period (but may have amortization prior to such date), (D) shall be treated substantially the same as (and in any event no more favorably than) the Revolving Loans, including, without limitation, with respect to covenants, representations and warranties, events of default and other applicable terms and conditions, and (E) shall be subject to interest rates as determined by the Administrative Agent at the time of the exercise of such Additional Term Loan Facility and shall contain market terms and provisions subject to good faith negotiations between the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 

(ii) The Additional Term Loan Facility may be added hereunder pursuant to an amendment or restatement (the Additional Term Loan Facility Amendment of this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by the Borrower, each Lender providing a commitment with respect to the Additional Term Loan Facility, each Additional Lender providing a commitment with respect to the Additional Term Loan Facility, and the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Additional Term Loan Facility Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, to effect the provisions of Section 2.10(b) and (c) hereof (including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions in this Agreement and Section 9.8 hereof for the purpose of treating such Additional Term Loan Facility pari passu with the other Loans). 

56

(iii) With respect to the addition of an Additional Term Loan Facility the proceeds of which are to be used to fund an Acquisition permitted hereunder, the only representations and warranties which shall be a condition to the addition of such Additional Term Loan Facility shall be (A) the representations and warranties made by the seller party thereto as are material to the interests of the Lenders, but only to the extent that the Borrower has (or another Credit Party has) the right to terminate its obligations under the purchase agreement (or comparable agreement) or decline to consummate such Acquisition as a result of a breach of such representations and warranties in such purchase agreement and (B) the Specified Representations. For purposes hereof, Specified Representations means the representations and warranties relating to the Borrower and the Guarantors set forth in the Loan Documents relating to organization and powers; authorization, due execution and delivery and enforceability, in each case, relating to the entering into and performance of the Loan Documents; no conflicts between the Loan Documents and applicable law or the organizational documents of the applicable Credit Parties immediately after giving effect to the Acquisition; OFAC, FCPA, Patriot Act and other anti-money laundering laws; solvency (after giving effect to the proposed Acquisition) of the Borrower on a Consolidated basis; the Investment Company Act of 1940; Federal Reserve margin regulations; and creation, perfection and priority of security interests in the Collateral (it being understood that, to the extent any security interest in any Collateral is not or cannot be provided and/or perfected on the applicable closing date (other than the creation of and perfection (including by delivery of stock or other equity certificates, if any) of security interests (A) in the equity interests in any Domestic Subsidiary (to the extent constituting Collateral) and (B) in other assets located in the United States with respect to which a lien may be perfected by the filing of a financing statement under the Uniform Commercial Code) after the Borrower s use of commercially reasonable efforts to do so or without undue burden or expense, then the creation and/or perfection of a security interest in such Collateral shall not constitute a condition precedent to the addition of such Additional Term Loan Facility, but instead shall be required to be provided or delivered subsequent thereto pursuant to arrangements and timing to be mutually agreed by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower acting reasonably). 

(iv) For purposes of determining compliance on a pro forma basis with the Leverage Ratio or the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, the amount or availability of any basket amount or financial measure, or whether a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, in each case in connection with the consummation of an Acquisition that the Borrower or one or more of its Subsidiaries is contractually committed to consummate (it being understood that such commitment may be subject to conditions precedent, which conditions precedent may be amended, satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms of the applicable agreement) and whose consummation is not conditioned on the availability of, or on obtaining, third party financing (any such acquisition, a Limited Condition Transaction ), the date of determination shall, at the irrevocable option of the Borrower (the Borrower s election to exercise such option in connection with any Limited Condition Transaction, an LCT Election ), be the date the definitive agreements or irrevocable notice for such Limited Condition Transaction are entered into (the LCT Test Date after giving pro forma effect to such Limited Condition Transaction and the other transactions to be entered into in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) as if they occurred at the beginning of the applicable test period. For the avoidance of doubt, (A) if the Borrower has made an LCT Election and if any of such ratios, baskets or amounts are exceeded as a result of fluctuations in such ratio or amount at or prior to the consummation of the relevant Limited Condition Transaction, such ratios, baskets or amounts will not be deemed to have been exceeded as a result of such fluctuations solely for purposes of determining whether the relevant Limited Condition Transaction is permitted to be consummated or taken, and (B) such ratios, baskets or amounts shall not be tested at the time of consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction and other transactions to be entered into in connection therewith; provided that if the Borrower makes an LCT Election, then in connection with any subsequent calculation of any ratio, test or basket availability with respect to any other transaction following the relevant LCT Test Date and prior to the earlier of the date on which such Limited Condition Transaction is consummated or the date that the definitive agreement for such Limited Condition Transaction is terminated or expires without consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction, for purposes of determining whether (1) such subsequent transaction (other than with respect to Restricted Payments) is permitted under this Agreement, any such ratio, test or basket shall be required to be satisfied on a pro forma basis assuming that such Limited Condition Transaction and any other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) have been consummated and (2) such subsequent Restricted Payment is permitted under this Agreement, any such ratio, test or basket shall be required to be satisfied on a pro forma basis both (x) assuming such Limited Condition Transaction and other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) have been consummated and (y) assuming such Limited Condition Transaction and other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) have not been consummated. 

57

Section 2.11. Computation of Interest and Fees . All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days (or in the case of interest computed by reference to the Base Rate at times when the Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate, such interest shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year)), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day), except that interest on Loans denominated in any Alternate Currency as to which market practice differs from the foregoing shall be computed in accordance with market practice for such Loans. All interest hereunder on any Loan shall be computed on a daily basis based upon the outstanding principal amount of such Loan as of the applicable date of determination. The applicable Base Rate, Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or any Alternate Currency Rate shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 

58

Section 2.12. Mandatory Payments . 

(a) Revolving Credit Exposure . If, at any time, the Revolving Credit Exposure shall exceed the Revolving Credit Commitment, the Borrower shall, as promptly as practicable, but in no event later than the next Business Day, pay an aggregate principal amount of the Loans sufficient to bring the Revolving Credit Exposure within the Revolving Credit Commitment. 

(b) Swing Line Exposure . If, at any time, the Swing Line Exposure shall exceed the Swing Line Commitment, the Borrower shall, as promptly as practicable, but in no event later than the next Business Day, pay an aggregate principal amount of the Swing Loans sufficient to bring the Swing Line Exposure within the Swing Line Commitment. 

(c) Alternate Currency Exposure . If, at any time, the Alternate Currency Exposure shall exceed the Alternate Currency Maximum Amount, the Borrower shall, as promptly as practicable, but in no event later than the next Business Day, pay an aggregate principal amount of the Alternate Currency Loans sufficient to bring the Alternate Currency Exposure within the Alternate Currency Maximum Amount. 

(d) Application of Mandatory Payments . Unless otherwise designated by the Borrower, each prepayment pursuant to Section 2.12(a), (b) or (c) hereof shall be applied in the following order (i) first, on a pro rata basis for the Lenders, to outstanding Base Rate Loans, (ii) second, on a pro rata basis for the Lenders, to outstanding Daily Simple SOFR Loans, (iii) third, on a pro rata basis for the Lenders, to outstanding Term SOFR Loans, and (iv) fourth, to outstanding Alternate Currency Loans (or, at the discretion of the Administrative Agent, to cash collateralize Alternate Currency Loans until the applicable Interest Adjustment Date); provided that, if the outstanding principal amount of any Fixed Rate Loan shall be reduced to an amount less than the minimum amount set forth in Section 2.6(d) hereof as a result of such prepayment, then such Loan shall be converted into a Base Rate Loan on the date of such prepayment. Any prepayment of a Fixed Rate Loan pursuant to this Section 2.12 shall be subject to the prepayment provisions set forth in Article III hereof. 

Section 2.13 Swap Obligations Make-Well Provision . The Borrower, to the extent that it is an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act, hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by each other Credit Party in order for such Credit Party to honor its obligations under the Loan Documents in respect of the Swap Obligations. The obligations of the Borrower under this Section 2.13 shall remain in full force and effect until all Secured Obligations are paid in full. The Borrower intends that this Section 2.13 constitute, and this Section 2.13 shall be deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of each other Credit Party for all purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 

59

Section 2.14. Cash Collateral . At any time that there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, within one (1) Business Day following the written request of the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize the Issuing Lender s Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender (determined after giving effect to Section 11.10(a)(iv) hereof and any Cash Collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender) in an amount not less than the Minimum Collateral Amount. 

(a) Grant of Security Interest . The Borrower, and to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, hereby grants to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Issuing Lender, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such Cash Collateral as security for the Defaulting Lender s obligation to fund participations in respect of the Letter of Credit Exposure, to be applied pursuant to subsection (b) below. If, at any time, the Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount, the Borrower will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency (after giving effect to any Cash Collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender). 

(b) Application . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under this Section 2.14 or Section 11.10 hereof in respect of Letters of Credit shall be applied to the satisfaction of the Defaulting Lender s obligation to fund participations in respect of the Letter of Credit Exposure (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise be provided for herein. 

(c) Termination of Requirement . Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce the Issuing Lender s Fronting Exposure shall no longer be required to be held as Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.14 following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender), or (ii) the determination by the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender that there exists excess Cash Collateral; provided that (A) subject to Section 11.10 hereof, the Person providing Cash Collateral and the Issuing Lender may agree that Cash Collateral shall be held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations, and (B) the extent that such Cash Collateral was provided by the Borrower, such Cash Collateral shall remain subject to any security interest granted pursuant to the Loan Documents. 

60

ARTICLE III. ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO 

 FIXED RATE LOANS; INCREASED CAPITAL; TAXES 

Section 3.1. Requirements of Law . 

(a) If any Change in Law shall: 

(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender or the Issuing Lender; 

(ii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in subparts (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on any Loan, Letter of Credit, or commitment or other obligation hereunder, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or 

(iii) impose on any Lender or the Issuing Lender or the London or other applicable offshore interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; 

and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting into, continuing or maintaining any Loan or issuing or participating in Letters of Credit, or to reduce any amount receivable hereunder in respect thereof, then, in any such case, the Borrower shall pay to such Lender, promptly after receipt of a written request therefor, any additional amounts necessary to compensate such Lender for such increased cost or reduced amount receivable. If any Lender becomes entitled to claim any additional amounts pursuant to this subsection (a), such Lender shall promptly notify the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of the event by reason of which it has become so entitled. 

(b) If any Lender shall have determined that, after the Closing Date, any Change in Law regarding capital adequacy or liquidity, or liquidity requirements, or in the interpretation or application thereof by a Governmental Authority or compliance by such Lender or any corporation controlling such Lender with any request or directive regarding capital adequacy or liquidity (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority shall have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or such corporation s capital as a consequence of its obligations hereunder, or under or in respect of any Letter of Credit, to a level below that which such Lender or such corporation could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration the policies of such Lender or such corporation with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time, upon submission by such Lender to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of a written request therefor (which shall include the method for calculating such amount), the Borrower shall promptly pay or cause to be paid to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such corporation for such reduction. 

61

(c) For purposes of this Section 3.1 and Section 3.5 hereof, the Dodd-Frank Act, any requests, rules, guidelines or directives concerning capital adequacy promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, or the Basel Committee on Banking Regulations and Supervisory Practices (or any successor or similar authority) under Basel III, and any rules, regulations, orders, requests, guidelines and directives adopted, promulgated or implemented in connection with any of the foregoing, regardless of the date adopted, issued, promulgated or implemented, are deemed to have been introduced and adopted after the Closing Date. 

(d) A certificate as to any additional amounts payable pursuant to this Section 3.1 submitted by any Lender to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. In determining any such additional amounts, such Lender may use any method of averaging and attribution that it (in its sole discretion) shall deem applicable. The obligations of the Borrower pursuant to this Section 3.1 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 

Section 3.2. Taxes . 

(a) Payments Free of Taxes; Obligation to Withhold; Payments on Account of Taxes . 

(i) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Credit Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Laws. If any applicable Laws (as determined in the reasonable discretion of the Administrative Agent) require the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by the Administrative Agent or a Credit Party, then the Administrative Agent or such Credit Party shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding, upon the basis of the information and documentation to be delivered pursuant to subsection (e) below. 

(ii) If any Credit Party or the Administrative Agent shall be required by the Code or any other applicable Laws to withhold or deduct any Taxes, including United States federal backup withholding, United States withholding taxes and non-United States withholding taxes, from any payment, then (A) such Credit Party or the Administrative Agent as required by the Code or such Laws shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by it to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) such Credit Party or the Administrative Agent, to the extent required by the Code or such Laws, shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with the Code or such Laws, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the applicable Credit Party shall be increased as necessary so that, after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.2), the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 

62

(b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Credit Parties . Without limiting the provisions of subsection (a) above, the Credit Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law, or, at the option of the Administrative Agent, timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 

(c) Tax Indemnifications . 

(i) Each of the Credit Parties shall, and does hereby, jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient, and shall make payment in respect thereof within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.2) payable or paid by such Recipient, or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient, and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender or the Issuing Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or the Issuing Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(ii) Each Lender and the Issuing Lender shall, and does hereby, severally indemnify, and shall make payment in respect thereof within ten (10) days after demand therefor, (A) the Administrative Agent against any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender or the Issuing Lender (but only to the extent that any Credit Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and, without limiting the obligation of the Credit Parties to do so), (B) the Administrative Agent and the Credit Parties, as applicable, against any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 11.9(d) hereof relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register, and (C) the Administrative Agent and the Credit Parties, as applicable, against any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender or the Issuing Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or a Credit Party in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender and the Issuing Lender hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this subpart (ii). 

(d) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Credit Party to a Governmental Authority, as provided in this Section 3.2, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

63

(e) Status of Lenders; Tax Documentation . 

(i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.2(e)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if, in the Lender s reasonable judgment, such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense, or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person, 

(A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable written request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 

(B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (y) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty, and (z) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 

64

(2) executed originals of IRS Form W-8ECI; 

(3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (y) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate ), and (z) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable); or 

(4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W 8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-2 or Exhibit F-3 , IRS Form W-9, and other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if, the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate, substantially in the form of Exhibit F-4 hereto on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 

(C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies (or originals, as required) of any other form prescribed by applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 

(D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this subpart (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 

65

(iii) Each Lender agrees that if, any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.2 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 

(f) Treatment of Certain Refunds . Unless required by applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender or the Issuing Lender, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender or the Issuing Lender, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be. If any Recipient determines, in its sole but reasonable discretion, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by any Credit Party or with respect to which any Credit Party has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.2, it shall pay to such Credit Party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by such Credit Party under this Section 3.2 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund); net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, as the case may be, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that each Credit Party, upon the request of the Recipient, agrees to repay the amount paid over to such Credit Party (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Recipient in the event the Recipient is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection (f), in no event will the applicable Recipient be required to pay any amount to such Credit Party pursuant to this subsection (f) the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection (f) shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to any Credit Party or any other Person. 

(g) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 3.2 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender or the Issuing Lender, the termination of the Commitment and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 

Section 3.3. Funding Losses . The Borrower agrees to indemnify each Lender, promptly after receipt of a written request therefor, and to hold each Lender harmless from, any loss or expense that such Lender may sustain or incur as a consequence of (a) default by the Borrower in making a borrowing of, conversion into or continuation of SOFR Loans or Alternate Currency Loans after the Borrower has given a notice (including a written or verbal notice that is subsequently revoked) requesting the same in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, (b) default by the Borrower in making any prepayment of or conversion from SOFR Loans or Alternate Currency Loans after the Borrower has given a notice (including a written or verbal notice that is subsequently revoked) thereof in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, (c) the making of a prepayment of a SOFR Loan or Alternate Currency Loan on a day that is not the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto, (d) any conversion of a Loan to a Base Rate Loan on a day that is not the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto, or (e) any compulsory assignment of such Lender s interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement pursuant to Section 11.3(c) or 11.10 hereof. Such indemnification shall be in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest that would have accrued on the amounts so prepaid, or not so borrowed, converted or continued, for the period from the date of such prepayment or of such failure to borrow, convert or continue to the last day of such Interest Period (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, the Interest Period that would have commenced on the date of such failure) in each case at the applicable rate of interest for such Loans provided for herein over (ii) the amount of interest (as reasonably determined by such Lender) that would have accrued to such Lender on such amount by placing such amount on deposit for a comparable period with leading banks in the appropriate London interbank market, along with any administration fee charged by such Lender. A certificate as to any amounts payable pursuant to this Section 3.3 submitted to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) by any Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The obligations of the Borrower pursuant to this Section 3.3 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 

66

Section 3.4. Change of Lending Office . Each Lender agrees that, upon the occurrence of any event giving rise to the operation of Section 3.1 or 3.2(a) hereof with respect to such Lender, it will, if requested by the Borrower, use reasonable efforts (subject to overall policy considerations of such Lender) to designate another lending office (or an Affiliate of such Lender, if practical for such Lender) for any Loans affected by such event with the object of avoiding the consequences of such event; provided, that such designation is made on terms that, in the sole judgment of such Lender, cause such Lender and its lending office(s) to suffer no economic, legal or regulatory disadvantage; and provided, further, that nothing in this Section shall affect or postpone any of the obligations of the Borrower or the rights of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.1 or 3.2(a) hereof. 

Section 3.5. Fixed Rate Lending Unlawful; Inability to Determine Rate . 

(a) If the Administrative Agent determines that any applicable Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for a Lender or its applicable lending office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to Daily Simple SOFR, Term SOFR or any Alternate Currency Rate, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon Daily Simple SOFR, Term SOFR or any Alternate Currency Rate, then, upon notice thereof to the Borrower, (a) any obligation of Lenders to make, continue or convert to SOFR Loans or Alternate Currency Loans, as applicable, shall be suspended, and (b) the Base Rate shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR component of Base Rate, in each case until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower shall, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, prepay or, if applicable, convert all SOFR Loans and Alternate Currency Loans, as applicable, to Base Rate Loans (and in such case the Base Rate shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR component of Base Rate), (A) on the Interest Payment Date therefor, if the Administrative Agent may lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Loans or Alternate Currency Loans to such day, or immediately, if the Administrative Agent may not lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Loans Alternate Currency Loans or (B) on the last day of the Interest Period therefor if the Administrative Agent may lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Loans or Alternate Currency Loans to such day, or immediately, if the Administrative Agent may not lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Loans or Alternate Currency Loans and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate without reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR component thereof until it is no longer illegal for the Administrative Agent to determine or charge interest rates based upon Daily Simple SOFR or Term SOFR. Upon any such conversion, the Borrower shall also pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.3 hereof. 

67

(b) If the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrower) that Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR , Adjusted Term SOFR or any Alternate Currency Rate cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof other than due to a Benchmark Transition Event, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower. Upon notice thereof by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, (i) any obligation of the Lenders to make or continue SOFR Loans or the applicable Alternate Currency Loans shall be suspended, (ii) all SOFR Loans or applicable Alternate Currency Loans shall be immediately converted to Base Rate Loans (and in such case, with respect to the inability to determine Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or Adjusted Term SOFR , the Base Rate shall be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR component of Base Rate) and (iii) with respect to the inability to determine Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or Adjusted Term SOFR , the component of Base Rate based upon the Adjusted Term SOFR will not be used in any determination of Base Rate until the Administrative Agent revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans or applicable Alternate Currency Loans or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein. Upon any such conversion, the Borrower shall also pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.3 hereof. 

(c) If the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrower) that Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR , Adjusted Term SOFR or any Alternate Currency Rate cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof as a result of a Benchmark Transition Event, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower, and the provisions of Section 3.8 hereof shall be applicable. Upon notice thereof by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, (i) any obligation of the Lenders to make or continue SOFR Loans or the applicable Alternate Currency Loans shall be suspended, (ii) all SOFR Loans or applicable Alternate Currency Loans shall be immediately converted to Base Rate Loans (and in such case, with respect to the inability to determine Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or Adjusted Term SOFR , the Base Rate shall be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR component of Base Rate) and (iii) with respect to the inability to determine Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or Adjusted Term SOFR , the component of Base Rate based upon Adjusted Term SOFR will not be used in any determination of Base Rate. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans or applicable Alternate Currency Loans or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein. Unless and until the Administrative Agent and the Borrower have amended this Agreement to provide for a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with Section 3.8 hereof, all affected Loans shall be Base Rate Loans. 

68

Section 3.6. Replacement of Lenders . The Borrower shall be permitted to replace any Lender that requests reimbursement for amounts owing pursuant to Section 3.1 or 3.2(a) hereof, or asserts its inability to make a Fixed Rate Loan pursuant to Section 3.5 hereof; provided that (a) such replacement does not conflict with any Law, (b) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such replacement, (c) prior to any such replacement, such Lender shall have taken no action under Section 3.4 hereof so as to eliminate the continued need for payment of amounts owing pursuant to Section 3.1 or 3.2(a) hereof or, if it has taken any action, such request has still been made, (d) the replacement financial institution shall purchase, at par, all Loans and other amounts owing to such replaced Lender on or prior to the date of replacement and assume all commitments and obligations of such replaced Lender, (e) the Borrower shall be liable to such replaced Lender under Section 3.3 hereof if any Fixed Rate Loan owing to such replaced Lender shall be purchased other than on the last day of the Interest Period relating thereto, (f) the replacement Lender, if not already a Lender, shall be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (g) the replaced Lender shall be obligated to make such replacement in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.9 hereof (provided that the Borrower (or the succeeding Lender, if such Lender is willing) shall be obligated to pay the assignment fee referred to therein), and (h) until such time as such replacement shall be consummated, the Borrower shall pay all additional amounts (if any) required pursuant to Section 3.1 or 3.2(a) hereof, as the case may be; provided that a Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to replace such Lender cease to apply. 

Section 3.7. Discretion of Lenders as to Manner of Funding . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, each Lender shall be entitled to fund and maintain its funding of all or any part of such Lender s Loans in any manner such Lender deems to be appropriate; it being understood, however, that for the purposes of this Agreement all determinations hereunder shall be made as if such Lender had actually funded and maintained each Fixed Rate Loan or Alternate Currency Loan during the applicable Interest Period for such Loan through the purchase of deposits having a maturity corresponding to such Interest Period and bearing an interest rate equal to the rate applicable the applicable Fixed Rate Loan or Alternate Currency Loan, as applicable, for such Interest Period. In addition, each Lender may (at its option, provided that such election shall not adversely affect the Companies), fund its portion of a Loan requested by the Borrower by causing any foreign or domestic branch or affiliate of such Lender to provide such funding; provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and such Lender and its affiliate or branch shall cooperate and communicate with the Administrative Agent in order to coordinate such arrangement. Each of the Administrative Agent and each Lender at its option may make any Loans or otherwise perform its obligations hereunder through any Lending Office (each, a Designated Lender provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay any Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Any Designated Lender shall be considered a Lender; provided that in the case of an Affiliate or branch of a Lender, such provisions that would be applicable with respect to Loans actually provided by such Affiliate or branch of such Lender shall apply to such Affiliate or branch of such Lender to the same extent as such Lender. Lending Office means, as to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, the office or offices of such Person described as such in such Person s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as such Person may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent; which office may include any Affiliate of such Person or any domestic or foreign branch of such Person or such Affiliate. 

69

Section 3.8. Permanent Inability to Determine Rate; Benchmark Replacement . 

(a) Benchmark Replacement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document (and any Hedge Agreement shall be deemed not to be a Loan Document for purposes of this Section 3.8), upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current applicable Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the Administrative Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. No replacement of the then-current applicable Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 3.8 will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. Unless and until a Benchmark Replacement is effective in accordance with this subpart (a), all Loans based on such Benchmark shall be converted into Base Rate Loans in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.5 hereof. 

(b) Conforming Changes . In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

(c) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower of the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 3.8(d) hereof. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 3.8, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.8, and shall not be a basis of any claim of liability of any kind or nature by any party hereto, all such claims being hereby waived individually by each party hereto. 

70

(d) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if any then-current applicable Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate and EURIBOR) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable, non-representative, non-compliant or non-aligned tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (1) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (2) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

(e) Benchmark Unavailability Period . Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request for the applicable SOFR Loan and Alternate Currency Loan of, conversion to or continuation of such Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Base Rate Loan. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of Base Rate based upon Adjusted Term SOFR (or then-current Benchmark) will not be used in any determination of Base Rate. 

ARTICLE IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

Section 4.1. Conditions to Each Credit Event . The obligation of the Lenders, the Issuing Lender and the Swing Line Lender to participate in any Credit Event shall be conditioned, in the case of each Credit Event, upon the following: 

(a) all conditions precedent as listed in Section 4.2 hereof shall have been satisfied prior to or as of the first Credit Event; 

71

(b) the Borrower shall have submitted a Notice of Loan (or with respect to a Letter of Credit, complied with the provisions of Section 2.2(b)(ii) hereof) and otherwise complied with Section 2.6 hereof; 

(c) no Default or Event of Default shall then exist or immediately after such Credit Event would exist; 

(d) each of the representations and warranties contained in Article VI hereof shall be true and correct as if made on and as of the date of such Credit Event (except to the extent that any thereof expressly relate to a specific earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as of such earlier date); and 

(e) with respect to each request by the Borrower for an Alternate Currency Loan, there shall not have occurred any change in any national or international financial, political or economic conditions or currency exchange rates or exchange controls that, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders would make it impracticable for such Loan to be denominated in the relevant Alternate Currency. 

Each request by the Borrower for a Credit Event shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Borrower as of the date of such request as to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent specified in subsections (c), (d) and (e) above. 

Section 4.2. Conditions to the First Credit Event . The Borrower shall cause the following conditions to be satisfied on or prior to the Closing Date. The obligation of the Lenders, the Issuing Lender and the Swing Line Lender to participate in the first Credit Event is subject to the Borrower satisfying each of the following conditions prior to or concurrently with such Credit Event: 

(a) Notes as Requested . The Borrower shall have executed and delivered to (i) each Revolving Lender requesting a Revolving Credit Note such Revolving Lender s Revolving Credit Note, and (ii) the Swing Line Lender the Swing Line Note, if requested by the Swing Line Lender. 

(b) Guaranty of Payment and Security Document Confirmations . The Borrower and each Guarantor of Payment shall have executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, confirmation of the continuing use and effectiveness of (i) each Guaranty of Payment executed by such Guarantor of Payment in connection with the Original Credit Agreement, and (ii) each Security Document executed by the Borrower or such Guarantor of Payment, as applicable, in connection with the Original Credit Agreement. 

(c) Real Estate Matters . With respect to each parcel of the Real Property owned by a Company, the Borrower delivered to the Administrative Agent evidence that no portion of such Real Property was located in a Special Flood Hazard Area or was otherwise classified as Class A or Class BX on the Flood Maps maintained by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or, if such Real Property was located in a Special Flood Hazard Area, an acknowledged notice to the Borrower and flood insurance). 

72

(d) Lien Searches . With respect to the property owned or leased by the Borrower and each Guarantor of Payment, and any other property securing the Secured Obligations, the Borrower shall have caused to be delivered to the Administrative Agent (i) the results of Uniform Commercial Code lien searches satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (ii) except as otherwise provided for in Section 4.3(d) hereof, the results of federal and state tax lien and judicial lien searches and pending litigation and bankruptcy searches, in each case satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and (iii) Uniform Commercial Code termination statements reflecting termination of all U.C.C. Financing Statements previously filed by any Person and not expressly permitted pursuant to Section 5.9 hereof. 

(e) Officer s Certificate, Resolutions, Organizational Documents . The Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent an officer s certificate (or comparable domestic or foreign documents) certifying the names of the officers of each Credit Party authorized to sign the Loan Documents, together with the true signatures of such officers and certified copies of (i) the resolutions of the board of directors (or comparable domestic or foreign documents) of such Credit Party evidencing approval of the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents and the execution and performance of other Related Writings to which such Credit Party is a party, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, and (ii) the Organizational Documents of such Credit Party. 

(f) Good Standing and Full Force and Effect Certificates . The Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a good standing certificate or full force and effect certificate (or comparable document, if neither certificate is available in the applicable jurisdiction), as the case may be, for each Credit Party, issued on or about the Closing Date by the Secretary of State in the state or states where such Credit Party is incorporated or formed or qualified as a foreign entity. 

(g) Legal Opinion . The Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent an opinion of counsel for the Borrower and each other Credit Party (other than with respect to rms Connectors, LLC, a Minnesota limited liability company, for which an opinion of counsel was recently delivered in connection with such entity becoming a Credit Party). 

(h) Insurance Certificates . The Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent certificates of insurance on ACORD 25 and 27 or 28 form satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, providing for adequate real property, personal property and liability insurance for each Company, with the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, listed as mortgagee, lender s loss payee and additional insured, as appropriate. 

(i) Administrative Agent Fee Letter, Closing Fee Letter and Other Fees . The Borrower shall have (i) executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent the Administrative Agent Fee Letter and paid to the Administrative Agent the fees stated therein required to be paid on the Closing Date, (ii) executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent the Closing Fee Letter and paid to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, the fees stated therein, and (iii) paid all legal fees and expenses of the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation and negotiation of the Loan Documents. 

73

(j) Closing Certificate . The Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders an officer s certificate certifying that, as of the Closing Date, (i) all conditions precedent set forth in this Article IV have been satisfied, (ii) no Default or Event of Default exists or immediately after the first Credit Event will exist, and (iii) each of the representations and warranties contained in Article VI hereof are true and correct as of the Closing Date (except to the extent that any thereof expressly relate to a specific earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties are true and correct as of such earlier date). 

(k) Letter of Direction . The Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a letter of direction authorizing the Administrative Agent to disburse the proceeds of the Loans, which letter of direction includes the authorization to transfer funds under this Agreement and the wire instructions that set forth the locations to which such funds shall be sent. 

(l) No Material Adverse Change . No material adverse change, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent, shall have occurred in the financial condition, operations or prospects of the Companies since December 31, 2020. 

(m) KYC Information . Upon the request of any Lender, the Borrower shall have provided to such Lender the documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti money laundering rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act. 

(n) Miscellaneous . The Borrower shall have provided to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders such other items and shall have satisfied such other conditions as may be reasonably required by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders. 

Section 4.3. Post-Closing Conditions . On or before each of the dates specified in this Section 4.3 (unless a longer period is agreed to by the Administrative Agent in writing), the Borrower shall satisfy each of the following items specified in the subsections below: 

(a) Insurance Endorsements . By no later than thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent insurance policy endorsements satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, providing for adequate personal property and liability insurance for each Company, with the Administrative Agent listed as mortgagee, lender s loss payee and additional insured, as appropriate. 

(b) Deposit Account Control Agreement . By no later than thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a Deposit Account Control Agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, for the Deposit Account of the Borrower held at Bank of America having the account number previously disclosed to the Administrative Agent. 

74

(c) Pledged Securities (Foreign Subsidiaries) . By no later than thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, the Pledged Securities (to the extent such Pledged Securities are certificated) representing the equity interests in Foreign Subsidiaries owned by the Borrower and each Guarantor of Payment (to the extent such Pledged Securities were not previously delivered to the Administrative Agent). 

(d) Certain Lien Searches . By no later than thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the results of certain tax, judgment and/or litigation searches for certain of the Credit Parties satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, in each case as previously identified between the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 

ARTICLE V. COVENANTS 

Section 5.1. Insurance . Each Company shall at all times maintain insurance upon its Inventory, Equipment and other personal and real property (including, if applicable, flood insurance as required pursuant to Section 5.29 hereof) in such form, written by such companies, in such amounts, for such periods, and against such risks as may be acceptable to the Administrative Agent, with provisions satisfactory to the Administrative Agent for, with respect to Credit Parties, payment of all losses thereunder to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, and such Company as their interests may appear (with lender s loss payable and additional insured endorsements, as appropriate, in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders), and, if required by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall deposit the policies with the Administrative Agent. Any such policies of insurance shall provide for no fewer than thirty (30) days prior written notice of cancellation to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. Any sums received by the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, in payment of insurance losses, returns, or unearned premiums under the policies may, at the option of the Administrative Agent, be applied upon the Obligations whether or not the same is then due and payable, or may be delivered to the Companies for the purpose of replacing, repairing, or restoring the insured property. The Administrative Agent is hereby authorized to act as attorney-in-fact for the Companies in obtaining, adjusting, settling and canceling such insurance and indorsing any drafts. In the event of failure to provide such insurance as herein provided, the Administrative Agent may, at its option, provide such insurance and the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, upon demand, the cost thereof. Should the Borrower fail to pay such sum to the Administrative Agent upon demand, interest shall accrue thereon, from the date of demand until paid in full, at the Default Rate. Within ten days of the Administrative Agent s written request, the Borrower shall furnish to the Administrative Agent such information about the insurance of the Companies as the Administrative Agent may from time to time reasonably request, which information shall be prepared in form and detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and certified by a Financial Officer. 

Section 5.2. Money Obligations . Each Company shall pay in full (a) prior in each case to the date when penalties would attach, all taxes, assessments and governmental charges and levies (except only those so long as and to the extent that the same shall be contested in good faith by appropriate and timely proceedings and for which adequate provisions have been established in accordance with GAAP) for which it may be or become liable or to which any or all of its properties may be or become subject; (b) all of its material wage obligations to its employees in compliance with the Fair Labor Standards Act (29 U.S.C. 206 207) or any comparable provisions; and (c) all of its other material obligations calling for the payment of money (except only those so long as and to the extent that the same shall be contested in good faith and for which adequate provisions have been established in accordance with GAAP) before such payment becomes overdue. 

75

Section 5.3. Financial Statements and Information . 

(a) Quarterly Financials . The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, within forty-five (45) days after the end of the first three quarterly periods of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or, if earlier, within five days after the date which the Borrower shall be required to submit its Form 10-Q), balance sheets of the Companies as of the end of such period and statements of income (loss), stockholders equity and cash flow for the quarter and fiscal year to date periods, all prepared on a Consolidated and consolidating (in accordance with GAAP) basis, in form and detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and certified by a Financial Officer. 

(b) Annual Audit Report . The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or, if earlier, within five days after the date which the Borrower shall be required to submit its Form 10 K), an annual audit report of the Companies for that year prepared on a Consolidated and consolidating (in accordance with GAAP) basis, in form and detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and certified by an unqualified opinion of an independent public accountant satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, which report shall include balance sheets and statements of income (loss), stockholders equity and cash-flow for that period. 

(c) Compliance Certificate . The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements set forth in subsections (a) and (b) above, a Compliance Certificate. 

(d) Management Reports . The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, concurrently with the delivery of the quarterly and annual financial statements set forth in subsections (a) and (b) above, a copy of any management report, letter or similar writing furnished to the Companies by the accountants in respect of the systems, operations, financial condition or properties of the Companies. 

(e) Annual Budget . The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, within forty-five (45) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, an annual budget of the Companies for the next fiscal year, to be in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(f) SEC Reporting; Electronic Delivery; Final Statements . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, all financial statements and reports required hereunder (including, without limitation, those required pursuant to Section 5.3(a) and (b) hereof) shall, upon notice of such filing from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, be deemed delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders upon delivery of such financial statements and reports to the SEC pursuant to the Borrower s public company reporting requirements (and such financial statements and reports shall be readily available to the Administrative Agent and Lenders). In addition, upon the filing of the Borrower s 10-Q report with the SEC for any fiscal quarter, such report shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of Section 5.3(a) hereof, and upon the filing of the Borrower s 10-K report with the SEC for any fiscal year, such report shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of Section 5.3(b) hereof. All financial statements and reports required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 5.3 may, at the Borrower s option, be delivered via electronic mail in accordance with Section 11.4 hereof. 

76

(g) Financial Information of the Companies . The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, within ten days of the written request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, such other information about the financial condition, properties and operations of any Company as the Administrative Agent or such Lender may from time to time reasonably request, which information shall be submitted in form and detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or such Lender and certified by a Financial Officer of the Company or Companies in question. 

Section 5.4. Financial Records . Each Company shall at all times maintain true and complete records and books of account, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, appropriate provisions for possible losses and liabilities, all in accordance with GAAP, and at all reasonable times (during normal business hours and upon notice to such Company) permit the Administrative Agent or any Lender, or any representative of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, to examine such Company s books and records and to make excerpts therefrom and transcripts thereof. 

Section 5.5. Franchises; Change in Business . 

(a) Each Company (other than a Dormant Subsidiary) shall preserve and maintain at all times its existence, and its rights and franchises necessary for its business, except as otherwise permitted pursuant to Section 5.12 hereof. 

(b) No Company shall engage in any business if, as a result thereof, the general nature of the business of the Companies taken as a whole would be substantially changed from the general nature of the business the Companies are engaged in on the Closing Date. 

Section 5.6. ERISA Pension and Benefit Plan Compliance . No Company shall incur any material accumulated funding deficiency within the meaning of ERISA, or any material liability to the PBGC, established thereunder in connection with any ERISA Plan. The Borrower shall furnish to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (a) as soon as possible and in any event within thirty (30) days after any Company knows or has reason to know that any Reportable Event with respect to any ERISA Plan has occurred for which notice is required to be provided to the PBGC, a statement of a Financial Officer of such Company, setting forth details as to such Reportable Event and the action that such Company proposes to take with respect thereto, together with a copy of the notice of such Reportable Event given to the PBGC if a copy of such notice is available to such Company, and (b) promptly after receipt thereof, a copy of any notice such Company, or any member of the Controlled Group may receive from the PBGC or the Internal Revenue Service with respect to any ERISA Plan administered by such Company; provided that this latter clause shall not apply to notices of general application promulgated by the PBGC or the Internal Revenue Service. The Borrower shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of any material taxes assessed, proposed to be assessed or that the Borrower has reason to believe may be assessed against a Company by the Internal Revenue Service with respect to any ERISA Plan. As used in this Section 5.6, material means the measure of a matter of significance that shall be determined as being an amount equal to five percent (5 of Consolidated Net Worth. As soon as practicable, and in any event within twenty (20) days, after any Company shall become aware that a material ERISA Event shall have occurred, such Company shall provide the Administrative Agent with notice of such ERISA Event with a certificate by a Financial Officer of such Company setting forth the details of the event and the action such Company or another Controlled Group member proposes to take with respect thereto. The Borrower shall, at the request of the Administrative Agent, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Administrative Agent true and correct copies of any documents relating to the ERISA Plan of any Company. 

77

Section 5.7. Financial Covenants . 

(a) Leverage Ratio . The Borrower shall not suffer or permit at any time the Leverage Ratio, as of the end of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower, to exceed 3.50 to 1.00 (or, if applicable, 4.00 to 1.00 during any Leverage Ratio Step-Up Period). 

(b) Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio . The Borrower shall not suffer or permit at any time the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, as of the end of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower, to be less than 1.25 to 1.00. 

Section 5.8. Borrowing . No Company shall create, incur or have outstanding any Indebtedness of any kind; provided that this Section 5.8 shall not apply to the following: 

(a) the Loans, the Letters of Credit and any other Indebtedness under this Agreement; 

(b) any loans granted to, or Capitalized Lease Obligations entered into by, any Company for the purchase or lease of fixed assets (and refinancings of such loans or Capitalized Lease Obligations), which loans and Capitalized Lease Obligations shall only be secured by the fixed assets being purchased or leased, so long as the aggregate principal amount of all such loans and Capitalized Lease Obligations for all Companies shall not exceed Five Million Dollars 5,000,000) at any time outstanding; 

(c) the Indebtedness existing on the Closing Date, in addition to the other Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to this Section 5.8, as set forth in Schedule 5.8 hereto (and any extension, renewal or refinancing thereof but only to the extent that the principal amount thereof does not increase after the Closing Date); 

78

(d) loans to, and guaranties of Indebtedness of, a Company from a Company so long as each such Company is a Credit Party; 

(e) Indebtedness under any Hedge Agreement, so long as such Hedge Agreement shall have been entered into in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes; 

(f) Permitted Foreign Subsidiary Loans, Guaranties and Investments; and 

(g) other unsecured Indebtedness, in addition to the Indebtedness listed above, in an aggregate principal amount for all Companies not to exceed Ten Million Dollars 10,000,000) at any time outstanding. 

Section 5.9. Liens . No Company shall create, assume or suffer to exist (upon the happening of a contingency or otherwise) any Lien upon any of its property or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired; provided that this Section 5.9 shall not apply to the following: 

(a) Liens for taxes not yet due or that are being actively contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves shall have been established in accordance with GAAP; 

(b) other statutory Liens incidental to the conduct of its business or the ownership of its property and assets that (i) were not incurred in connection with the incurring of Indebtedness or the obtaining of advances or credit, and (ii) do not in the aggregate materially detract from the value of its property or assets or materially impair the use thereof in the operation of its business; 

(c) any Lien granted to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders (and Affiliates thereof); 

(d) the Liens existing on the Closing Date as set forth in Schedule 5.9 hereto and replacements, extensions, renewals, refundings or refinancings thereof, but only to the extent that the amount of debt secured thereby, and the amount and description of property subject to such Liens, shall not be increased; 

(e) purchase money Liens on fixed assets securing the loans and Capitalized Lease Obligations pursuant to Section 5.8(b) hereof, provided that such Lien is limited to the purchase price and only attaches to the property being acquired; 

(f) easements or other minor defects or irregularities in title of real property not interfering in any material respect with the use of such property in the business of any Company; or 

(g) other Liens, in addition to the Liens listed above, not incurred in connection with the incurring of Indebtedness, securing amounts, in the aggregate for all Companies, not to exceed One Million Dollars 1,000,000) at any time. 

79

No Company shall enter into any contract or agreement (other than a contract or agreement entered into in connection with the purchase or lease of fixed assets that prohibits Liens on such fixed assets) that would prohibit the Administrative Agent or the Lenders from acquiring a security interest, mortgage or other Lien on, or a collateral assignment of, any of the property or assets of such Company. 

Section 5.10. Regulations T, U and X . No Company shall take any action that would result in any non-compliance of the Loans or Letters of Credit with Regulations T, U or X, or any other applicable regulation, of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 

Section 5.11. Investments, Loans and Guaranties . No Company shall (a) create, acquire or hold any Subsidiary, (b) make or hold any investment in any stocks, bonds or securities of any kind, (c) be or become a party to any joint venture or other partnership, (d) make or keep outstanding any advance or loan to any Person, or (e) be or become a Guarantor of any kind (other than a Guarantor of Payment under the Loan Documents); provided that this Section 5.11 shall not apply to the following: 

(i) any endorsement of a check or other medium of payment for deposit or collection through normal banking channels or similar transaction in the normal course of business; 

(ii) any investment in direct obligations of the United States or in certificates of deposit issued by a member bank (having capital resources in excess of Five Hundred Million Dollars 500,000,000)) of the Federal Reserve System; 

(iii) any investment in commercial paper or securities that at the time of such investment is assigned the highest quality rating in accordance with the rating systems employed by either Moody s or Standard Poor 

(iv) the holding of each of the Subsidiaries listed on Schedule 6.1 hereto, and the creation, acquisition and holding of and any investment in any new Subsidiary after the Closing Date so long as such new Subsidiary shall have been created, acquired or held, and investments made, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; 

(v) loans to, investments in and guaranties of the Indebtedness (permitted under Section 5.8(d) hereof) of, a Company from or by a Company so long as each such Company is a Credit Party; 

(vi) any investment by a Company in a joint venture made in connection with an acquisition permitted pursuant to the terms hereof, so long as the aggregate amount of all such investments of all Companies made on or after the Closing Date does not exceed One Million Dollars 1,000,000) (as determined when each such investment is made); or 

(vii) any advance or loan to an officer or employee of a Company as an advance on commissions, travel and other items in the ordinary course of business, so long as all such advances and loans from all Companies aggregate not more than the maximum principal sum of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars 250,000) at any time outstanding. 

80

For purposes of this Section 5.11, the amount of any investment in equity interests shall be based upon the initial amount invested and shall not include any appreciation in value or return on such investment but shall take into account repayments, redemptions and return of capital. 

Section 5.12. Merger and Sale of Assets . No Company shall merge, amalgamate or consolidate with any other Person, or sell, lease or transfer or otherwise dispose of any assets to any Person other than in the ordinary course of business, except that, if no Default or Event of Default shall then exist or immediately thereafter shall begin to exist: 

(a) a Company (other than the Borrower) may merge with (i) the Borrower (provided that the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person) or (ii) any one or more Guarantors of Payment (provided that at least one Guarantor of Payment shall be the continuing or surviving Person); 

(b) a Company (other than the Borrower) may sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets to (i) the Borrower or (ii) any Guarantor of Payment; 

(c) a Company (other than a Credit Party) may merge with or sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets to any other Company; 

(d) a Company may sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any assets that are obsolete or no longer useful in such Company s business; 

(e) with respect to a merger, amalgamation or consolidation, Acquisitions may be effected in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.13 hereof; 

(f) the Borrower may consummate the New Jersey Real Property Disposition so long as (i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, and (ii) the consideration received for the New Jersey Real Property Disposition represents the fair market value thereof (as determined in good faith by the board of directors of the Borrower) and all of such consideration is paid in Dollars; 

(g) the Borrower may sell or dispose of its assets (not otherwise permitted hereunder) so long as: 

(i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom; 

(ii) the consideration received with respect to such disposition represents the fair market value of the assets being sold (as determined in good faith by the board of directors of the Borrower) and all of such consideration is paid in Dollars; and 

81

(iii) the aggregate amount of proceeds of all such dispositions for all Companies does not exceed Fifteen Million Dollars 15,000,000) during the Commitment Period; and 

(h) any Dormant Subsidiary may be dissolved. 

Section 5.13. Acquisitions . No Company shall effect an Acquisition; provided that a Company may effect any Acquisition so long as such Acquisition meets all of the following requirements: 

(a) in the case of an Acquisition that involves a merger, amalgamation or other combination including the Borrower, the Borrower shall be the surviving entity; 

(b) in the case of an Acquisition that involves a merger, amalgamation or other combination including a Credit Party (other than the Borrower), a Credit Party shall be the surviving entity; 

(c) the business to be acquired shall be similar, or related to, or incidental or complimentary to the lines of business of the Companies; 

(d) the Companies shall be in full compliance with the Loan Documents both prior to and after giving pro forma effect to such Acquisition; 

(e) no Default or Event of Default shall exist prior to or, after giving pro forma effect to such Acquisition, thereafter shall begin to exist; 

(f) such Acquisition is not actively opposed by the board of directors (or similar governing body) of the selling Persons or the Persons whose equity interests are to be acquired; and 

(g) the Borrower shall have provided to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, at least twenty (20) days prior to such Acquisition, historical financial statements of the target entity; 

(h) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent, at least five (5) days prior to such Acquisition, a pro forma financial statement of the Companies accompanied by a certificate of a Financial Officer showing pro forma compliance with Section 5.7 hereof, both before and after giving effect to the proposed Acquisition; and 

(i) the Leverage Ratio, both prior to and after giving pro forma effect to such Acquisition, is no greater than the ratio that is one-quarter turn (0.25x) below the Leverage Ratio requirement then in effect, as set forth in Section 5.7(a) hereof. 

82

Section 5.14. Notice . The Borrower shall cause a Financial Officer to promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, in writing, whenever any of the following shall occur: 

(a) a Default or Event of Default may occur, or has occurred, hereunder (together with a description in reasonable detail of the events giving rise to such Default or Event of Default) or any representation or warranty made in Article VI hereof or elsewhere in this Agreement or in any Related Writing may for any reason cease in any material respect to be true and complete; 

(b) the Borrower learns of a litigation or proceeding against the Borrower before a court, administrative agency or arbitrator that, if successful, might have a Material Adverse Effect; or 

(c) the Borrower learns that there has occurred or begun to exist any event, condition or thing that is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 5.15. Restricted Payments . No Company shall make or commit itself to make any Restricted Payment at any time, except that, the Companies may make Capital Distributions so long as (a) no Default or Event of Default shall then exist or, after giving pro forma effect to such payment, thereafter shall begin to exist, and (b) both immediately prior to and after giving pro forma effect to such payment, the Borrower is in compliance with the financial covenants pursuant to Section 5.7 hereof. 

Section 5.16. Environmental Compliance . Each Company shall comply in all respects with any and all Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits including, without limitation, all Environmental Laws in jurisdictions in which such Company owns or operates a facility or site, arranges for disposal or treatment of hazardous substances, solid waste or other wastes, accepts for transport any hazardous substances, solid waste or other wastes or holds any interest in real property or otherwise, except where the failure to comply would not result in a material expenditure or loss to such Company. The Borrower shall furnish to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, within ten Business Days after receipt thereof, a copy of any notice any Company may receive from any Governmental Authority or private Person, or otherwise, that any material litigation or proceeding pertaining to any environmental, health or safety matter has been filed or is threatened against such Company, any real property in which such Company holds any interest or any past or present operation of such Company. No Company shall allow the release or disposal of hazardous waste, solid waste or other wastes on, under or to any real property in which any Company holds any ownership interest or performs any of its operations, in violation of any Environmental Law, except where the release or disposal or the failure to comply would not result in a material expenditure or loss to such Company. As used in this Section 5.16, litigation or proceeding means any demand, claim, notice, suit, suit in equity action, administrative action, investigation or inquiry whether brought by any Governmental Authority or private Person, or otherwise. The Borrower shall defend, indemnify and hold the Administrative Agent and the Lenders harmless against all costs, expenses, claims, damages, penalties and liabilities of every kind or nature whatsoever (including attorneys fees) arising out of or resulting from the noncompliance of any Company with any Environmental Law. Such indemnification shall survive any termination of this Agreement. 

83

Section 5.17. Affiliate Transactions . No Company shall, directly or indirectly, enter into or permit to exist any transaction or series of transactions (including, without limitation, the purchase, sale, lease or exchange of any property or the rendering of any service) with any Affiliate of a Company (other than a Company that is a Credit Party) on terms that shall be less favorable to such Company than those that might be obtained at the time in a transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate of a Company; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit the payment of customary and reasonable directors fees to directors who are not employees of a Company or an Affiliate of a Company. 

Section 5.18. Use of Proceeds . The Borrower s use of the proceeds of the Loans shall be for working capital and other general corporate purposes of the Companies, for the refinancing of existing Indebtedness and for Acquisitions permitted hereunder. The Borrower will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Loans and Letters of Credit, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person, (a) (i) to fund any activities or business of or with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions, or (ii) in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions by any Person (including any Person participating in the Loans, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor, or otherwise); or (b) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of Anti-Corruption Laws. 

Section 5.19. Corporate Names and Locations of Collateral . No Company shall (a) change its corporate name, or (b) change its state, province or other jurisdiction, or form of organization, or extend or continue its existence in or to any other jurisdiction (other than its jurisdiction of organization at the date of this Agreement); unless, in each case, the Borrower shall have provided the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with at least ten days prior written notice thereof. The Borrower shall also provide the Administrative Agent with at least ten days prior written notification of (i) any change in any location where any Company s Inventory or Equipment is maintained, and any new locations where any Company s Inventory or Equipment is to be maintained; (ii) any change in the location of the office where any Company s records pertaining to its Accounts are kept; (iii) the location of any new places of business and the changing or closing of any of its existing places of business; and (iv) any change in the location of any Company s chief executive office. In the event of any of the foregoing or if otherwise deemed appropriate by the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized to file new U.C.C. Financing Statements describing the Collateral and otherwise in form and substance sufficient for recordation wherever necessary or appropriate, as determined in the Administrative Agent s sole discretion, to perfect or continue perfected the security interest of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, in the Collateral. The Borrower shall pay all filing and recording fees and taxes in connection with the filing or recordation of such U.C.C. Financing Statements and security interests and shall promptly reimburse the Administrative Agent therefor if the Administrative Agent pays the same. Such amounts not so paid or reimbursed shall be Related Expenses hereunder. 

84

Section 5.20. Subsidiary Guaranties, Security Documents and Pledge of Stock or Other Ownership Interest . 

(a) Guaranties and Security Documents . Each Domestic Subsidiary (that is not a Dormant Subsidiary) created, acquired or held subsequent to the Closing Date, shall promptly execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, a Guaranty of Payment (or a Guaranty of Payment Joinder) of all of the Obligations and a Security Agreement (or a Security Agreement Joinder) and Mortgages, as appropriate, such agreements to be prepared by the Administrative Agent and in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent, along with any such other supporting documentation, Security Documents, corporate governance and authorization documents, and an opinion of counsel as may be deemed necessary or advisable by the Administrative Agent. With respect to a Subsidiary that has been classified as a Dormant Subsidiary, at such time that such Subsidiary no longer meets the requirements of a Dormant Subsidiary, the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent prompt written notice thereof, and shall provide, with respect to such Subsidiary, all of the documents referenced in the foregoing sentence. If at any time a Subsidiary that is a Guarantor of Payment meets the requirements of subparts (b) and (c) set forth in the definition of Dormant Subsidiary, the Borrower may request (approval of such request not to be unreasonably withheld) that the Administrative Agent release such Subsidiary from being a Guarantor of Payment and thereafter be classified as a Dormant Subsidiary. 

(b) Pledge of Stock or Other Ownership Interest . With respect to the creation or acquisition of a Subsidiary (that is not a Subsidiary of a CFC), the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, all of the share certificates (or other evidence of equity) owned by a Credit Party pursuant to the terms of a Pledge Agreement prepared by the Administrative Agent and in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and executed by the appropriate Credit Party; provided that no such pledge shall include shares of voting capital stock or other voting equity interests of any Foreign Subsidiary that is a CFC in excess of sixty-five percent (65 of the total outstanding shares of voting capital stock or other voting equity interest of such Foreign Subsidiary, whether held directly or indirectly through a disregarded entity. 

(c) Perfection or Registration of Interest in Foreign Shares . With respect to any foreign shares pledged to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, on or after the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent shall at all times, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, have the right to perfect, at the Borrower s cost, payable upon request therefor (including, without limitation, any foreign counsel, or foreign notary, filing, registration or similar, fees, costs or expenses), its security interest in such shares in the respective foreign jurisdiction. Such perfection may include the requirement that the applicable Company promptly execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a separate pledge document (prepared by the Administrative Agent and in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), covering such equity interests, that conforms to the requirements of the applicable foreign jurisdiction, together with an opinion of local counsel as to the perfection of the security interest provided for therein, and all other documentation necessary or desirable to effect the foregoing and to permit the Administrative Agent to exercise any of its rights and remedies in respect thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Administrative Agent, in its reasonable discretion, after consultation with the Borrower, determines that the cost of perfecting in a foreign jurisdiction, the security interest of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, in the Pledged Securities relating to any Foreign Subsidiary, (i) is impractical or cost-prohibitive or (ii) the benefits obtained by such action are outweighed by the burdens of obtaining the same, then the Administrative Agent may agree to forego (until such time as the Administrative Agent determines it is practical to so perfect such interest) the foreign perfection of such security interest. 

85

Section 5.21. Collateral . The Borrower shall: 

(a) at all reasonable times and, except after the occurrence of an Event of Default, upon reasonable notice, allow the Administrative Agent by or through any of the Administrative Agent s officers, agents, employees, attorneys or accountants to (i) examine, inspect and make extracts from the Borrower s books and other records, including, without limitation, the tax returns of the Borrower, (ii) arrange for verification of the Borrower s Accounts, under reasonable procedures, directly with Account Debtors or by other methods, and (iii) examine and inspect the Borrower s Inventory and Equipment, wherever located; 

(b) promptly furnish to the Administrative Agent upon request (i) additional statements and information with respect to the Collateral, and all writings and information relating to or evidencing any of the Borrower s Accounts (including, without limitation, computer printouts or typewritten reports listing the mailing addresses of all present Account Debtors), and (ii) any other writings and information as the Administrative Agent or such Lender may request; 

(c) promptly notify the Administrative Agent in writing upon the acquisition or creation by any Company of a Deposit Account or Securities Account not listed on the notice provided to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.19 hereof, and, prior to or simultaneously with the creation of such Deposit Account or Securities Account (unless a longer period is agreed to in writing by the Administrative Agent), provide for the execution of a Deposit Account Control Agreement or Securities Account Control Agreement with respect thereto, if required by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders; provided that a Control Agreement shall not be required for a Deposit Account or Securities Account so long as (i) the balance of such Deposit Account or Securities Account does not exceed One Hundred Thousand Dollars 100,000) at any time, and (ii) the aggregate balance in all such Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts (that are not maintained with the Administrative Agent) that are not subject to a Control Agreement does not exceed One Million Dollars 1,000,000) at any time; 

(d) promptly notify the Administrative Agent in writing whenever the Equipment or Inventory of a Company is located at a location of a third party (other than another Company) that is not listed on Schedule 6.9 hereto and cause to be executed any Landlord s Waiver, Bailee s Waiver, Processor s Waiver, Consignee s Waiver or similar document or notice that may be required by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to deliver a Landlord s Waiver, Bailee s Waiver, Processor s Waiver, Consignee s Waiver or similar document for any Equipment or Inventory located at such location to the extent that (i) the aggregate value of all Equipment and Inventory of all Companies maintained at such location does not exceed Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 500,000), and (ii) the aggregate value of all Equipment and Inventory of all Companies at all third party locations (that are not subject to a Landlord s Waiver, Bailee s Waiver, Processor s Waiver, Consignee s Waiver or similar document) does not exceed Three Million Dollars 3,000,000); 

86

(e) promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in writing of any information that the Borrower has or may receive with respect to the Collateral or the Real Property that might reasonably be determined to materially and adversely affect the value thereof or the rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with respect thereto; 

(f) maintain the Borrower s Equipment in good operating condition and repair, ordinary wear and tear excepted, making all necessary replacements thereof so that the value and operating efficiency thereof shall at all times be maintained and preserved; 

(g) deliver to the Administrative Agent, to hold as security for the Secured Obligations all certificated Investment Property owned by the Borrower, in suitable form for transfer by delivery, or accompanied by duly executed instruments of transfer or assignment in blank, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, or in the event such Investment Property is in the possession of a Securities Intermediary or credited to a Securities Account, execute with the related Securities Intermediary a Securities Account Control Agreement over such Securities Account in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; 

(h) provide to the Administrative Agent, on a quarterly basis (as necessary), a list of any patents, trademarks or copyrights that have been federally registered by the Borrower or a Domestic Subsidiary during such quarter, and provide for the execution of an appropriate Intellectual Property Security Agreement; 

(i) deliver to the Administrative Agent evidence of flood insurance for the 215 Van Vorst Street, Jersey City, New Jersey location of the Borrower if, at any time, the fair market value of personal property located at such location exceeds Ten Thousand Dollars 10,000); and 

(j) upon request of the Administrative Agent, promptly take such action and promptly make, execute and deliver all such additional and further items, deeds, assurances, instruments and any other writings as the Administrative Agent may from time to time deem necessary or appropriate, including, without limitation, chattel paper, to carry into effect the intention of this Agreement, or so as to completely vest in and ensure to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders their respective rights hereunder and in or to the Collateral and the Real Property. 

The Borrower hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, to file U.C.C. Financing Statements or other appropriate notices with respect to the Collateral. If certificates of title or applications for title are issued or outstanding with respect to any of the Inventory or Equipment of the Borrower, the Borrower shall, upon request of the Administrative Agent, (i) execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a short form security agreement, prepared by the Administrative Agent and in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and (ii) deliver such certificate or application to the Administrative Agent and cause the interest of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, to be properly noted thereon. The Borrower hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent or the Administrative Agent s designated agent (but without obligation by the Administrative Agent to do so) to incur Related Expenses (whether prior to, upon, or subsequent to any Default or Event of Default), and the Borrower shall promptly repay, reimburse, and indemnify the Administrative Agent for any and all Related Expenses. If the Borrower fails to keep and maintain its Equipment in good operating condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be required to) so maintain or repair all or any part of the Borrower s Equipment and the cost thereof shall be a Related Expense. All Related Expenses are payable to the Administrative Agent upon demand therefor; the Administrative Agent may, at its option, debit Related Expenses directly to any Deposit Account of a Company located at the Administrative Agent or the Revolving Loans. 

87

Section 5.22. Property Acquired Subsequent to the Closing Date and Right to Take Additional Collateral . 

(a) Generally . The Borrower shall provide the Administrative Agent with prompt written notice with respect to any real or personal property (other than in the ordinary course of business and excluding Accounts, Inventory, Equipment and General Intangibles and other property acquired in the ordinary course of business) acquired by any Company subsequent to the Closing Date. In addition to any other right that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may have pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise, upon written request of the Administrative Agent, whenever made, the Borrower shall, and shall cause each Guarantor of Payment to, grant to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, as additional security for the Secured Obligations, a first Lien on any owned real property (with a fair market value in excess of One Million Dollars 1,000,000)) or personal property of the Borrower and each Guarantor of Payment (other than for leased equipment or equipment subject to a purchase money security interest in which the lessor or purchase money lender of such equipment holds a first priority security interest, in which case, the Administrative Agent shall have the right to obtain a security interest junior only to such lessor or purchase money lender), including, without limitation, such property acquired subsequent to the Closing Date, in which the Administrative Agent does not have a first priority Lien; provided that, if, at any time, the Companies own real property that is not subject to a mortgage and that has an aggregate fair market value of greater than One Million Dollars 1,000,000), the Borrower shall promptly, upon written request of the Administrative Agent, cause one or more Companies to grant to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, a first priority security interest in such real property, so that the aggregate fair market value of owned real property of the Companies that is not subject to a mortgage is less than or equal to One Million Dollars 1,000,000). The Borrower agrees that, within thirty (30) days after the date of such written request (but subject to the timing restrictions set forth in subpart (b) below and unless a longer period is agreed to in writing by the Administrative Agent), to secure all of the Secured Obligations by delivering to the Administrative Agent security agreements, intellectual property security agreements, pledge agreements, mortgages (or deeds of trust, if applicable) or other documents, instruments or agreements or such thereof as the Administrative Agent may require. The Borrower shall pay all recordation, legal and other expenses in connection therewith. 

88

(b) Special Conditions Precedent to the Pledge of Real Propert y. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Credit Party shall pledge any real property until (a) the date that is thirty (30) days after the Administrative Agent or the Borrower has delivered to the Lenders (which may be delivered electronically) the following documents in respect of such real property: (i) a completed flood hazard determination from a third party vendor; (ii) if such real property is located in a special flood hazard area , (A) a notification to the applicable Credit Party of that fact and (if applicable) notification to the applicable Credit Party that flood insurance coverage is not available and (B) evidence of the receipt by the applicable Credit Party of such notice; and (iii) if such notice is required to be provided to the applicable Credit Party and flood insurance is available in the community in which such real property is located, evidence of required flood insurance and (b) the Administrative Agent shall have received written confirmation (which may be delivered electronically) from the Lenders that flood insurance due diligence and flood insurance compliance has been completed by the Lenders (such written confirmation not to be unreasonably conditioned, withheld or delayed). 

Section 5.23. Restrictive Agreements . Except as set forth in this Agreement, the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create or otherwise cause or suffer to exist or become effective any encumbrance or restriction on the ability of any Subsidiary to (a) make, directly or indirectly, any Capital Distribution to the Borrower, (b) make, directly or indirectly, loans or advances or capital contributions to the Borrower or (c) transfer, directly or indirectly, any of the properties or assets of such Subsidiary to the Borrower; except for such encumbrances or restrictions existing under or by reason of (i) applicable law, (ii) customary non-assignment provisions in leases or other agreements entered in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices, or (iii) customary restrictions in security agreements or mortgages securing Indebtedness, or capital leases, of a Company to the extent such restrictions shall only restrict the transfer of the property subject to such security agreement, mortgage or lease. 

Section 5.24. Other Covenants and Provisions . In the event that any Company shall enter into, or shall have entered into, any Material Indebtedness Agreement, wherein the covenants and defaults contained therein shall be more restrictive than the covenants and defaults set forth herein, then the Companies shall immediately be bound hereunder (without further action) by such more restrictive covenants and defaults with the same force and effect as if such covenants and defaults were written herein. In addition to the foregoing, the Borrower shall provide prompt written notice to the Administrative Agent of the creation or existence of any Material Indebtedness Agreement that has such more restrictive covenants and defaults, and shall, within fifteen (15) days thereafter (if requested by the Administrative Agent), execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an amendment to this Agreement that incorporates such more restrictive covenants and defaults, with such amendment to be in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

Section 5.25 Guaranty Under Material Indebtedness Agreement . No Company shall be or become a primary obligor or Guarantor of the Indebtedness incurred pursuant to any Material Indebtedness Agreement unless such Company shall also be a Guarantor of Payment under this Agreement prior to or concurrently therewith. 

89

Section 5.26. Amendment of Organizational Documents . Without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, no Company shall (a) amend its Organizational Documents in any manner adverse to the Lenders, or (b) amend its Organizational Documents to change its name or state, province or other jurisdiction of organization, or its form of organization. 

Section 5.27. Fiscal Year of Borrower . The Borrower shall not change the date of its fiscal year-end without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders. As of the Closing Date, the fiscal year end of the Borrower is December 31 of each year. 

Section 5.28. Further Assurances . The Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Credit Party to, promptly upon request by the Administrative Agent, or the Required Lenders through the Administrative Agent, (a) correct any material defect or error that may be discovered in any Loan Document or in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation thereof, and (b) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent, or the Required Lenders through the Administrative Agent, may reasonably require from time to time in order to carry out more effectively the purposes of the Loan Documents. 

Section 5.29. Flood Hazard . If any portion of any Real Property is at any time located in an area identified by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency) as a special flood hazard area with respect to which flood insurance has been made available under the Flood Insurance Laws, then the Borrower shall, or shall cause the applicable Credit Parties to (a) maintain, or cause to be maintained, with a financially sound and reputable insurer, flood insurance in such reasonable total amount as the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may from time to time reasonably require, and otherwise sufficient to comply with all applicable rules and regulations promulgated pursuant to the Flood Insurance Laws, and (b) promptly upon request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, deliver to the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as applicable, evidence of such compliance in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and such Lender, including, without limitation, evidence of annual renewals of such insurance. Any increase, extension or renewal of the Commitment shall be subject to flood insurance due diligence and flood insurance compliance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

Section 5.30. Beneficial Ownership . Promptly following any request therefor, the Borrower shall provide information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

Section 5.31. Compliance with Laws . The Borrower shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to, comply in all material respects with all Laws, rules, regulations, orders, writs, judgments, injunctions, decrees or awards to which it may be subject including, without limitation, all Environmental Laws, Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. The Borrower shall maintain in effect and enforce such policies and procedures as it has determined to be reasonably necessary to ensure compliance by the Borrower, the Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. 

90

ARTICLE VI. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

Section 6.1. Corporate Existence; Subsidiaries; Foreign Qualification . Each Company is duly organized or incorporated, validly existing, and in good standing (or comparable concept in the applicable jurisdiction) under the Laws of its state or jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, and is duly qualified and authorized to do business and is in good standing (or comparable concept in the applicable jurisdiction) as a foreign entity in the jurisdictions set forth opposite its name on Schedule 6.1 hereto, which are all of the states or jurisdictions where the character of its property or its business activities makes such qualification necessary, except where a failure to so qualify would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Schedule 6.1 hereto sets forth, as of the Closing Date, the Borrower and each Subsidiary of the Borrower (and whether such Subsidiary is a Dormant Subsidiary), its state (or jurisdiction) of formation, its relationship to the Borrower, including the percentage of each class of stock or other equity interest owned by a Company, each Person that owns the stock or other equity interest of each Company, each Company s tax identification number, the location of its chief executive office and its principal place of business. Except as set forth on Schedule 6.1 hereto, the Borrower, directly or indirectly, owns all of the equity interests of each of its Subsidiaries. 

Section 6.2. Corporate Authority . Each Credit Party has the right and power and is duly authorized and empowered to enter into, execute and deliver the Loan Documents to which it is a party and to perform and observe the provisions of the Loan Documents. The Loan Documents to which each Credit Party is a party have been duly authorized and approved by such Credit Party s board of directors or other governing body, as applicable, and are the legal, valid and binding obligations of such Credit Party, enforceable against such Credit Party in accordance with their respective terms. The execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents do not conflict with, result in a breach in any of the provisions of, constitute a default under, or result in the creation of a Lien (other than Liens permitted under Section 5.9 hereof) upon any assets or property of any Company under the provisions of, such Company s Organizational Documents or any material agreement to which such Company is a party. 

Section 6.3. Compliance with Laws and Contracts . Each Company: 

(a) holds permits, certificates, licenses, orders, registrations, franchises, authorizations, and other approvals from any Governmental Authority necessary for the conduct of its business and is in compliance with all applicable Laws relating thereto, except where the failure to do so would not have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(b) is in compliance with all federal, state, local, or foreign applicable statutes, rules, regulations, and orders including, without limitation, those relating to environmental protection, occupational safety and health, and equal employment practices, except where the failure to be in compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect; 

91

(c) is not in violation of or in default under any agreement to which it is a party or by which its assets are subject or bound, except with respect to any violation or default that would not have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(d) has ensured that no Company, or to the knowledge of any Company, any director or officer of a Company, is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled, by Persons that are (i) the subject of any Sanctions, or (ii) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions; 

(e) is in compliance with all applicable Bank Secrecy Act BSA and anti-money laundering Laws and regulations; 

(f) is in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws; and 

(g) is in compliance with the Patriot Act. 

Section 6.4. Litigation and Administrative Proceedings . Except as disclosed on Schedule 6.4 hereto, there are (a) no lawsuits, actions, investigations, examinations or other proceedings pending or threatened against any Company, or in respect of which any Company may have any liability, in any court or before or by any Governmental Authority, arbitration board, or other tribunal, (b) no orders, writs, injunctions, judgments, or decrees of any court or Governmental Authority to which any Company is a party or by which the property or assets of any Company are bound, and (c) no grievances, disputes, or controversies outstanding with any union or other organization of the employees of any Company, or threats of work stoppage, strike, or pending demands for collective bargaining that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect not fully covered by insurance and which is likely to result in any material adverse change in the Borrower s or any Subsidiary s business, operations, properties or assets or its condition, financial or otherwise. 

Section 6.5. Title to Assets . Each Company has good title to and ownership of all property it purports to own, which property is free and clear of all Liens, except those permitted under Section 5.9 hereof. As of the Closing Date, the Companies own the real estate listed on Schedule 6.5(a) hereto. As of the Closing Date the real estate listed on Schedule 6.5(b hereto constitutes Real Property. 

Section 6.6. Liens and Security Interests . On and after the Closing Date, except for Liens permitted pursuant to Section 5.9 hereof, (a) there is and will be no U.C.C. Financing Statement or similar notice of Lien outstanding covering any personal property of any Company; (b) there is and will be no mortgage or charge outstanding covering any real property of any Company; and (c) no real or personal property of any Company is subject to any Lien of any kind. The Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, upon the filing of the U.C.C. Financing Statements and taking such other actions necessary to perfect its Lien against collateral of the corresponding type as authorized hereunder will have a valid and enforceable first Lien on the collateral securing the Secured Obligations. No Company has entered into any contract or agreement (other than a contract or agreement entered into in connection with the purchase or lease of fixed assets that prohibits Liens on such fixed assets or a contract or agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business that does not permit Liens on, or collateral assignment of, the property relating to such contract or agreement) that exists on or after the Closing Date that would prohibit the Administrative Agent or the Lenders from acquiring a Lien on, or a collateral assignment of, any of the property or assets of any Company. 

92

Section 6.7. Tax Returns . All material federal, state and local tax returns and other reports required by law to be filed in respect of the income, business, properties and employees of each Company have been filed and all material taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges that are due and payable have been paid, except as otherwise permitted herein. The provision for taxes on the books of each Company is adequate for all years not closed by applicable statutes and for the current fiscal year. 

Section 6.8. Environmental Laws . Each Company is in compliance with all Environmental Laws, including, without limitation, all Environmental Laws in all jurisdictions in which any Company owns or operates, or has owned or operated, a facility or site, arranges or has arranged for disposal or treatment of hazardous substances, solid waste or other wastes, accepts or has accepted for transport any hazardous substances, solid waste or other wastes or holds or has held any interest in real property or otherwise, except where the release or disposal or the failure to comply would not result in a material expenditure or loss to such Company. No litigation or proceeding arising under, relating to or in connection with any Environmental Law or Environmental Permit is pending or, to the best knowledge of each Company, threatened, against any Company, any real property in which any Company holds or has held an interest or any past or present operation of any Company. No release, threatened release or disposal of hazardous waste, solid waste or other wastes is occurring, or has occurred on, under or to any real property in which any Company holds any interest or performs any of its operations, in violation of any Environmental Law, except where the release or disposal or the failure to comply would not result in a material expenditure or loss to such Company. As used in this Section 6.8, litigation or proceeding means any demand, claim, notice, suit, suit in equity, action, administrative action, investigation or inquiry whether brought by any Governmental Authority or private Person, or otherwise. 

Section 6.9. Locations . As of the Closing Date, the Companies have places of business or maintain their Accounts, Inventory and Equipment at the locations (including third party locations) set forth on Schedule 6.9 hereto, and each Company s chief executive office is set forth on Schedule 6.9 hereto. Schedule 6.9 hereto further specifies whether each location, as of the Closing Date, (a) is owned by the Companies, or (b) is leased by a Company from a third party, and, if leased by a Company from a third party, if a Landlord s Waiver has been requested. As of the Closing Date, Schedule 6.9 hereto correctly identifies the name and address of each third party location where assets of the Companies are located. 

Section 6.10. Continued Business . There exists no actual, pending, or, to the Borrower s knowledge, any threatened termination, cancellation or limitation of, or any modification or change in the business relationship of any Company and any customer or supplier, or any group of customers or suppliers, whose purchases or supplies, individually or in the aggregate, are material to the business of any Company, and there exists no present condition or state of facts or circumstances that would have a Material Adverse Effect or prevent a Company from conducting such business or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in substantially the same manner in which it was previously conducted. 

93

Section 6.11. Employee Benefits Plans . Schedule 6.11 hereto identifies each ERISA Plan as of the Closing Date. No ERISA Event has occurred or is expected to occur with respect to an ERISA Plan. Full payment has been made of all amounts that a Controlled Group member is required, under applicable Law or under the governing documents, to have paid as a contribution to or a benefit under each ERISA Plan. The liability of each Controlled Group member with respect to each ERISA Plan has been fully funded based upon reasonable and proper actuarial assumptions, has been fully insured, or has been fully reserved for on its financial statements. No changes have occurred or are expected to occur that would cause a material increase in the cost of providing benefits under the ERISA Plan. With respect to each ERISA Plan that is intended to be qualified under Code Section 401(a), (a) the ERISA Plan and any associated trust operationally comply in all material respects with the applicable requirements of Code Section 401(a); (b) the ERISA Plan and any associated trust have been amended to comply with all such requirements as currently in effect, other than those requirements for which a retroactive amendment can be made within the remedial amendment period available under Code Section 401(b) (as extended under Treasury Regulations and other Treasury pronouncements upon which taxpayers may rely); (c) the ERISA Plan and any associated trust have received a favorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service stating that the ERISA Plan qualifies under Code Section 401(a), that the associated trust qualifies under Code Section 501(a) and, if applicable, that any cash or deferred arrangement under the ERISA Plan qualifies under Code Section 401(k), unless the ERISA Plan was first adopted at a time for which the above-described remedial amendment period has not yet expired; (d) the ERISA Plan currently satisfies, in all material respects, the requirements of Code Section 410(b), without regard to any retroactive amendment that may be made within the above-described remedial amendment period and (e) no contribution made to the ERISA Plan is subject to a material excise tax under Code Section 4972. With respect to any Pension Plan, the accumulated benefit obligation of Controlled Group members with respect to the Pension Plan (as determined in accordance with Statement of Accounting Standards No. 87, Employers Accounting for Pensions does not exceed the fair market value of Pension Plan assets. Any reference to material in this Section 6.11 shall have the same meaning as material under Section 5.6 hereof. 

Section 6.12. Consents or Approvals . No consent, approval or authorization of, or filing, registration or qualification with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is required to be obtained or completed by any Company in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of any of the Loan Documents, that has not already been obtained or completed. 

Section 6.13. Solvency . The Borrower has received consideration that is the reasonably equivalent value of the obligations and liabilities that the Borrower has incurred to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. The Borrower is not insolvent as defined in any applicable state, federal or relevant foreign statute, nor will the Borrower be rendered insolvent by the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. The Borrower is not engaged or about to engage in any business or transaction for which the assets retained by it are or will be an unreasonably small amount of capital, taking into consideration the obligations to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders incurred hereunder. The Borrower does not intend to, nor does it believe that it will, incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature. 

94

Section 6.14. Financial Statements . The audited Consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 and the unaudited Consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2021, furnished to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, are true and complete, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, and fairly present the financial condition of the Companies as of the dates of such financial statements and the results of their operations for the periods then ending. Since the dates of such statements, there has been no material adverse change in any Company s financial condition, properties or business or any change in any Company s accounting procedures. 

Section 6.15. Regulations . No Company is engaged principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States). Neither the granting of any Loan (or any conversion thereof) or Letter of Credit nor the use of the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit will violate, or be inconsistent with, the provisions of Regulation T, U or X or any other Regulation of such Board of Governors. 

Section 6.16. Material Agreements . Except as disclosed on Schedule 6.16 hereto, as of the Closing Date, no Company is a party to any (a) debt instrument (excluding the Loan Documents); (b) lease (capital, operating or otherwise), whether as lessee or lessor thereunder; (c) contract, commitment, agreement, or other arrangement involving the purchase or sale of any inventory by it, or the license of any right to or by it; (d) contract, commitment, agreement, or other arrangement with any of its Affiliates (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) other than a Company; (e) management or employment contract or contract for personal services with any of its Affiliates that is not otherwise terminable at will or on less than ninety (90) days notice without liability; (f) collective bargaining agreement; or (g) other contract, agreement, understanding, or arrangement with a third party; that, as to subparts (a) through (g) above, if violated, breached, or terminated for any reason, would have or would be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 6.17. Intellectual Property . Each Company owns, or has the right to use, all of the patents, patent applications, industrial designs, designs, trademarks, service marks, copyrights and licenses, and rights with respect to the foregoing, necessary for the conduct of its business without any known conflict with the rights of others. Schedule 6.17 hereto sets forth all federally registered patents, trademarks, copyrights, service marks and license agreements owned by each Company as of the Closing Date. 

Section 6.18. Insurance . Each Company maintains with financially sound and reputable insurers insurance with coverage (including, if applicable, insurance coverage required by the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994) and limits as required by law and as is customary with Persons engaged in the same businesses as the Companies. Schedule 6.18 hereto sets forth all insurance carried by the Companies on the Closing Date, setting forth in detail the amount and type of such insurance. 

95

Section 6.19. Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts . The Borrower has provided to the Administrative Agent a list of all banks, other financial institutions and Securities Intermediaries at which any Company maintains Deposit Accounts or Securities Accounts as of the Closing Date, which list correctly identifies the name, address and telephone number of each such financial institution or Securities Intermediary, the name in which the account is held, a description of the purpose of the account, and the complete account number therefor. 

Section 6.20. Accurate and Complete Statements . Neither the Loan Documents nor any written statement made by any Company in connection with any of the Loan Documents contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein or in the Loan Documents not misleading. After due inquiry by the Borrower, there is no known fact that any Company has not disclosed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 6.21. Investment Company; Other Restrictions . No Company is (a) an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or (b) subject to any foreign, federal, state or local statute or regulation limiting its ability to incur Indebtedness. No Company is an EEA Financial Institution. 

Section 6.22. Defaults . No Default or Event of Default exists, nor will any begin to exist immediately after the execution and delivery hereof. 

Section 6.23. Beneficial Ownership . The information included in each Beneficial Ownership Certification most recently delivered to each Lender is true and correct in all respects. 

ARTICLE VII. SECURITY 

Section 7.1. Security Interest in Collateral . In consideration of and as security for the full and complete payment of all of the Secured Obligations, the Borrower hereby grants to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders (and Affiliates thereof that hold Secured Obligations), a security interest in the Collateral. 

Section 7.2. Collections and Receipt of Proceeds by Borrower . 

(a) Prior to the exercise by the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders of their rights under Article IX hereof, both (i) the lawful collection and enforcement of all of the Borrower s Accounts, and (ii) the lawful receipt and retention by the Borrower of all Proceeds of all of the Borrower s Accounts and Inventory shall be as the agent of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. 

96

(b) Upon written notice to the Borrower from the Administrative Agent after the occurrence of an Event of Default, a Cash Collateral Account shall be opened by the Borrower at the main office of the Administrative Agent (or such other office as shall be designated by the Administrative Agent) and all such lawful collections of the Borrower s Accounts and such Proceeds of the Borrower s Accounts and Inventory shall be remitted daily by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent in the form in which they are received by the Borrower, either by mailing or by delivering such collections and Proceeds to the Administrative Agent, appropriately endorsed for deposit in the Cash Collateral Account. In the event that such notice is given to the Borrower from the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall not commingle such collections or Proceeds with any of the Borrower s other funds or property, but shall hold such collections and Proceeds separate and apart therefrom upon an express trust for the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders. In such case, the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, and shall, at the request of the Required Lenders, at any time and from time to time after the occurrence of an Event of Default, apply all or any portion of the account balance in the Cash Collateral Account as a credit against (i) the outstanding principal or interest of the Loans, or (ii) any other Secured Obligations in accordance with this Agreement. If any remittance shall be dishonored, or if, upon final payment, any claim with respect thereto shall be made against the Administrative Agent on its warranties of collection, the Administrative Agent may charge the amount of such item against the Cash Collateral Account or any other Deposit Account maintained by the Borrower with the Administrative Agent or with any other Lender, and, in any event, retain the same and the Borrower s interest therein as additional security for the Secured Obligations. The Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, at any time and from time to time, release funds from the Cash Collateral Account to the Borrower for use in the Borrower s business. The balance in the Cash Collateral Account may be withdrawn by the Borrower upon termination of this Agreement and payment in full of all of the Secured Obligations. 

(c) After the occurrence of an Event of Default, at the Administrative Agent s written request, the Borrower shall cause all remittances representing collections and Proceeds of Collateral to be mailed to a lockbox at a location acceptable to the Administrative Agent, to which the Administrative Agent shall have access for the processing of such items in accordance with the provisions, terms and conditions of the customary lockbox agreement of the Administrative Agent. 

(d) The Administrative Agent, or the Administrative Agent s designated agent, is hereby constituted and appointed attorney-in-fact for the Borrower with authority and power to endorse, after the occurrence of an Event of Default, any and all instruments, documents, and chattel paper upon the failure of the Borrower to do so. Such authority and power, being coupled with an interest, shall be (i) irrevocable until all of the Secured Obligations are paid, (ii) exercisable by the Administrative Agent at any time and without any request upon the Borrower by the Administrative Agent to so endorse, and (iii) exercisable in the name of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower. The Borrower hereby waives presentment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest, notice of protest, and any and all other similar notices with respect thereto, regardless of the form of any endorsement thereof. Neither the Administrative Agent nor the Lenders shall be bound or obligated to take any action to preserve any rights therein against prior parties thereto. 

97

Section 7.3. Collections and Receipt of Proceeds by Administrative Agent . The Borrower hereby constitutes and appoints the Administrative Agent, or the Administrative Agent s designated agent, as the Borrower s attorney-in-fact to exercise, at any time, after the occurrence of an Event of Default, all or any of the following powers which, being coupled with an interest, shall be irrevocable until the complete and full payment of all of the Secured Obligations: 

(a) to receive, retain, acquire, take, endorse, assign, deliver, accept, and deposit, in the name of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, any and all of the Borrower s cash, instruments, chattel paper, documents, Proceeds of Accounts, Proceeds of Inventory, collection of Accounts, and any other writings relating to any of the Collateral. The Borrower hereby waives presentment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest, notice of protest, and any and all other similar notices with respect thereto, regardless of the form of any endorsement thereof. The Administrative Agent shall not be bound or obligated to take any action to preserve any rights therein against prior parties thereto; 

(b) to transmit to Account Debtors, on any or all of the Borrower s Accounts, notice of assignment to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, thereof and the security interest therein, and to request from such Account Debtors at any time, in the name of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, information concerning the Borrower s Accounts and the amounts owing thereon; 

(c) to transmit to purchasers of any or all of the Borrower s Inventory, notice of the Administrative Agent s security interest therein, and to request from such purchasers at any time, in the name of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, information concerning the Borrower s Inventory and the amounts owing thereon by such purchasers; 

(d) to notify and require Account Debtors on the Borrower s Accounts and purchasers of the Borrower s Inventory to make payment of their indebtedness directly to the Administrative Agent; 

(e) to enter into or assent to such amendment, compromise, extension, release or other modification of any kind of, or substitution for, the Accounts, or any thereof, as the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, may deem to be advisable; 

(f) to enforce the Accounts or any thereof, or any other Collateral, by suit or otherwise, to maintain any such suit or other proceeding in the name of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, and to withdraw any such suit or other proceeding. The Borrower agrees to lend every assistance requested by the Administrative Agent in respect of the foregoing, all at no cost or expense to the Administrative Agent and including, without limitation, the furnishing of such witnesses and of such records and other writings as the Administrative Agent may require in connection with making legal proof of any Account. The Borrower agrees to reimburse the Administrative Agent in full for all court costs and attorneys fees and every other cost, expense or liability, if any, incurred or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing, which obligation of the Borrower shall constitute Obligations, shall be secured by the Collateral and shall bear interest, until paid, at the Default Rate; 

98

(g) to take or bring, in the name of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, all steps, actions, suits, or proceedings deemed by the Administrative Agent necessary or desirable to effect the receipt, enforcement, and collection of the Collateral; and 

(h) to accept all collections in any form relating to the Collateral, including remittances that may reflect deductions, and to deposit the same into the Cash Collateral Account or, at the option of the Administrative Agent, to apply them as a payment against the Loans or any other Secured Obligations in accordance with this Agreement. 

Section 7.4. Administrative Agent s Authority Under Pledged Notes . For the better protection of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder, the Borrower has executed (or will execute, with respect to future Pledged Notes) an appropriate endorsement on (or separate from) each Pledged Note and has deposited (or will deposit, with respect to future Pledged Notes) such Pledged Note with the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders. The Borrower irrevocably authorizes and empowers the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, to (a) ask for, demand, collect and receive all payments of principal of and interest on the Pledged Notes; (b) compromise and settle any dispute arising in respect of the foregoing; (c) execute and deliver vouchers, receipts and acquittances in full discharge of the foregoing; (d) exercise, in the Administrative Agent s discretion, any right, power or privilege granted to the holder of any Pledged Note by the provisions thereof including, without limitation, the right to demand security or to waive any default thereunder; (e) endorse the Borrower s name to each check or other writing received by the Administrative Agent as a payment or other proceeds of or otherwise in connection with any Pledged Note; (f) enforce delivery and payment of the principal and/or interest on the Pledged Notes, in each case by suit or otherwise as the Administrative Agent may desire; and (g) enforce the security, if any, for the Pledged Notes by instituting foreclosure proceedings, by conducting public or other sales or otherwise, and to take all other steps as the Administrative Agent, in its discretion, may deem advisable in connection with the forgoing; provided, however, that nothing contained or implied herein or elsewhere shall obligate the Administrative Agent to institute any action, suit or proceeding or to make or do any other act or thing contemplated by this Section 7.4 or prohibit the Administrative Agent from settling, withdrawing or dismissing any action, suit or proceeding or require the Administrative Agent to preserve any other right of any kind in respect of the Pledged Notes and the security, if any, therefor. 

Section 7.5. Commercial Tort Claims . If the Borrower shall at any time hold or acquire a Commercial Tort Claim, the Borrower shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent thereof in a writing signed by the Borrower, that sets forth the details thereof and grants to the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Lenders) a Lien thereon and on the Proceeds thereof, all upon the terms of this Agreement, with such writing to be prepared by and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

99

Section 7.6. Use of Inventory and Equipment . Until the exercise by the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders of their rights under Article IX hereof, the Borrower may (a) retain possession of and use its Inventory and Equipment in any lawful manner not inconsistent with this Agreement or with the terms, conditions, or provisions of any policy of insurance thereon; (b) sell or lease its Inventory in the ordinary course of business or as otherwise permitted by this Agreement; and (c) use and consume any raw materials or supplies, the use and consumption of which are necessary in order to carry on the Borrower s business. 

ARTICLE VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

Any of the following specified events shall constitute an Event of Default (each an Event of Default ): 

Section 8.1. Payments . If (a) the interest on any Loan, any commitment or other fee, or any other Obligation not listed in subpart (b) hereof, shall not be paid in full when due and payable or within three Business Days thereafter, or (b) the principal of any Loan, any reimbursement obligation under any Letter of Credit that has been drawn, or any amount owing pursuant to Section 2.12 hereof shall not be paid in full when due and payable. 

Section 8.2. Special Covenants . If any Company shall fail or omit to perform and observe Section 5.7, 5.8, 5.9, 5.11, 5.12, 5.13, 5.15, 5.18 or 5.24 hereof. 

Section 8.3. Other Covenants . If any Company shall fail or omit to perform and observe any agreement or other provision (other than those referred to in Section 8.1 or 8.2 hereof) contained or referred to in this Agreement or any other Related Writing that is on such Company s part to be complied with, and that Default shall not have been fully corrected within twenty (20) days after the earlier of (a) any Financial Officer of such Company becomes aware of the occurrence thereof, or (b) the giving of written notice thereof to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders that the specified Default is to be remedied. 

Section 8.4. Representations and Warranties . If any representation, warranty or statement made in or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Related Writing or any other material information furnished by any Company to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, or any thereof, shall be false or erroneous in any material respect. 

Section 8.5. Cross Default . If any Company shall default in the payment of principal or interest due and owing under any Material Indebtedness Agreement beyond any period of grace provided with respect thereto or in the performance or observance of any other agreement, term or condition contained in any agreement under which such obligation is created, if the effect of such default is to allow the acceleration of the maturity of such Indebtedness or to permit the holder thereof to cause such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity. 

Section 8.6. ERISA Default . The occurrence of one or more ERISA Events that (a) the Required Lenders determine could be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or (b) results in a Lien on any of the assets of any Company (except for Liens expressly permitted pursuant to Section 5.9 hereof). 

100

Section 8.7. Change in Control . If any Change in Control shall occur. 

Section 8.8. Judgments . There is entered against any Company: 

(a) a final judgment or order for the payment of money by a court of competent jurisdiction, that remains unpaid or unstayed and undischarged for a period (during which execution shall not be effectively stayed) of thirty (30) days after the date on which the right to appeal has expired, provided that such occurrence shall constitute an Event of Default only if the aggregate of all such judgments for all such Companies, shall exceed One Million Dollars 1,000,000) (less any amount that (i) will be covered by the proceeds of insurance and is not subject to dispute by the insurance provider or (ii) is the subject of an unconditional agreement to indemnify the Company against collection of the judgment, delivered by an indemnitor that has sufficient liquidity to pay the amount of the judgment and that has not contested or disputed its obligation to pay the amount of the judgment); or 

(b) any one or more non-monetary final judgments that are not covered by insurance, or, if covered by insurance, for which the insurance company has not agreed to or acknowledged coverage, and that, in either case, the Required Lenders reasonably determine have, or could be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and, in either case, (i) enforcement proceedings are commenced by the prevailing party or any creditor upon such judgment or order, or (ii) there is a period of three consecutive Business Days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, is not in effect. 

Section 8.9. Material Adverse Change . There shall have occurred any condition or event that the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine has or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 8.10. Security . If any Lien granted in this Agreement or any other Loan Document in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, shall be determined to be (a) void, voidable or invalid, or is subordinated or not otherwise given the priority contemplated by this Agreement and the Borrower (or the appropriate Credit Party) has failed to promptly execute appropriate documents to correct such matters, or (b) unperfected as to any Collateral with an aggregate value in excess of One Million Dollars 1,000,000) (as determined by the Administrative Agent, in its reasonable discretion) and the Borrower (or the appropriate Credit Party) has failed to promptly execute appropriate documents to correct such matters. 

Section 8.11. Validity of Loan Documents . If (a) any material provision, in the sole opinion of the Administrative Agent, of any Loan Document shall at any time cease to be valid, binding and enforceable against any Credit Party; (b) the validity, binding effect or enforceability of any Loan Document against any Credit Party shall be contested by any Credit Party; (c) any Credit Party shall deny that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document; or (d) any Loan Document shall be terminated, invalidated or set aside, or be declared ineffective or inoperative or in any way cease to give or provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders the benefits purported to be created thereby. 

101

Section 8.12. Solvency . If any Company (other than a Dormant Subsidiary) shall (a) except as permitted pursuant to Section 5.12 hereof, discontinue business; (b) generally not pay its debts as such debts become due; (c) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (d) apply for or consent to the appointment of an interim receiver, a receiver, a receiver and manager, an administrator, a sequestrator, a monitor, a custodian, a trustee, an interim trustee, a liquidator, an agent or any other similar official of all or a substantial part of its assets or of such Company; (e) be adjudicated a debtor or insolvent or have entered against it an order for relief under the Bankruptcy Code, or under any other bankruptcy insolvency, liquidation, winding-up, corporate or similar statute or Law, foreign, federal, state or provincial, in any applicable jurisdiction, now or hereafter existing, as any of the foregoing may be amended from time to time, or other applicable statute for jurisdictions outside of the United States, as the case may be; (f) file a voluntary petition under the Bankruptcy Code or seek relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency or analogous Law in any jurisdiction outside of the United States, or file a proposal or notice of intention to file such petition; (g) have an involuntary proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code filed against it and the same shall not be controverted within ten days, or shall continue undismissed for a period of thirty (30) days from commencement of such proceeding or case; (h) file a petition, an answer, an application or a proposal seeking reorganization or an arrangement with creditors or seeking to take advantage of any other Law (whether federal, provincial or state, or, if applicable, other jurisdiction) relating to relief of debtors, or admit (by answer, by default or otherwise) the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or other proceeding (whether federal, provincial or state, or, if applicable, other jurisdiction) relating to relief of debtors; (i) suffer or permit to continue unstayed and in effect for thirty (30) consecutive days any judgment, decree or order entered by a court of competent jurisdiction, that approves a petition or an application or a proposal seeking its reorganization or appoints an interim receiver, a receiver and manager, an administrator, custodian, trustee, interim trustee or liquidator of all or a substantial part of its assets, or of such Company; (j) have an administrative receiver appointed over the whole or substantially the whole of its assets, or of such Company; (k) have assets, the value of which is less than its liabilities; or (l) have a moratorium declared in respect of any of its Indebtedness, or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction. 

ARTICLE IX. REMEDIES UPON DEFAULT 

Notwithstanding any contrary provision or inference herein or elsewhere: 

Section 9.1. Optional Defaults . If any Event of Default referred to in Section 8.1, 8.2, 8.3, 8.4, 8.5, 8.6, 8.7, 8.8, 8.9, 8.10 or 8.11 hereof shall occur, the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, and shall, at the written request of the Required Lenders, give written notice to the Borrower to: 

102

(a) terminate the Commitment, if not previously terminated, and, immediately upon such election, the obligations of the Lenders, and each thereof, to make any further Loan, and the obligation of the Issuing Lender to issue any Letter of Credit, immediately shall be terminated; and/or 

(b) accelerate the maturity of all of the Obligations (if the Obligations are not already due and payable), whereupon all of the Obligations shall become and thereafter be immediately due and payable in full without any presentment or demand and without any further or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. 

Section 9.2. Automatic Defaults . If any Event of Default referred to in Section 8.12 hereof shall occur: 

(a) all of the Commitment shall automatically and immediately terminate, if not previously terminated, and no Lender thereafter shall be under any obligation to grant any further Loan, nor shall the Issuing Lender be obligated to issue any Letter of Credit; and 

(b) the principal of and interest then outstanding on all of the Loans, and all of the other Obligations, shall thereupon become and thereafter be immediately due and payable in full (if the Obligations are not already due and payable), all without any presentment, demand or notice of any kind, which are hereby waived by the Borrower. 

Section 9.3. Letters of Credit . If the maturity of the Obligations shall be accelerated pursuant to Section 9.1 or 9.2 hereof, the Borrower shall immediately deposit with the Administrative Agent, as security for the obligations of the Borrower and any Guarantor of Payment to reimburse the Administrative Agent and the Revolving Lenders for any then outstanding Letters of Credit, Cash Collateral in an amount not less than the Minimum Collateral Amount. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders are hereby authorized, at their option, to deduct any and all such amounts from any deposit balances then owing by any Revolving Lender (or any Affiliate of such Revolving Lender, wherever located) to or for the credit or account of any Company, as security for the obligations of the Borrower and any Guarantor of Payment to reimburse the Administrative Agent and the Revolving Lenders for any then outstanding Letters of Credit. 

Section 9.4. Offsets . 

(a) If there shall occur or exist any Event of Default referred to in Section 8.12 hereof or if the maturity of the Obligations is accelerated pursuant to Section 9.1 or 9.2 hereof, each Lender shall have the right at any time to set off against, and to appropriate and apply toward the payment of, any and all of the Obligations then owing by the Borrower or a Guarantor of Payment to such Lender (including, without limitation, any participation purchased or to be purchased pursuant to Section 2.2(b), 2.2(c) or 9.5 hereof), whether or not the same shall then have matured, any and all deposit (general or special) balances and all other indebtedness then held or owing by such Lender (including, without limitation, by branches and agencies or any Affiliate of such Lender, wherever located) to or for the credit or account of the Borrower or any Guarantor of Payment, all without notice to or demand upon the Borrower or any other Person, all such notices and demands being hereby expressly waived by the Borrower. 

103

(b) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if a Lender acts as a Securities Intermediary or a depository institution for a Credit Party, and the applicable Securities Accounts or Deposit Accounts of such Credit Party with such Lender (or an Affiliate of a Lender) are not subject to a Control Agreement, then such Lender agrees that such accounts are subject to the Lien of the Administrative Agent (to the extent granted pursuant to the Security Documents) and it will not set off against or appropriate toward the payment of, any Indebtedness owing to such Lender that does not constitute Obligations (other than Customary Setoffs with respect to such Deposit Accounts or Securities Accounts). 

Section 9.5. Equalization Provisions . Each Lender agrees with the other Lenders that, if it at any time shall obtain any Advantage over the other Lenders, or any thereof, in respect of the Obligations (except as to Swing Loans and Letters of Credit prior to the Administrative Agent s giving of notice to participate and except under Article III hereof), it shall purchase from the other Lenders, for cash and at par, such additional participation in the Obligations as shall be necessary to nullify such Advantage. If any such Advantage resulting in the purchase of an additional participation as aforesaid shall be recovered in whole or in part from the Lender receiving such Advantage, each such purchase shall be rescinded, and the purchase price restored (but without interest unless the Lender receiving such Advantage is required to pay interest on such Advantage to the Person recovering such Advantage from such Lender) ratably to the extent of the recovery. Each Lender further agrees with the other Lenders that if it at any time shall receive any payment for or on behalf of the Borrower (or through any Guarantor of Payment) on any Indebtedness owing by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement (whether by voluntary payment, by realization upon security, by reason of offset of any deposit or other indebtedness, by counterclaim or cross-action, by the enforcement of any right under any Loan Document, or otherwise), it will apply such payment first to any and all Obligations owing by the Borrower to that Lender (including, without limitation, any participation purchased or to be purchased pursuant to this Section 9.5 or any other section of this Agreement). Each Credit Party agrees that any Lender so purchasing a participation from the other Lenders or any thereof pursuant to this Section 9.5 may exercise all of its rights of payment (including the right of set off) with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Credit Party in the amount of such participation. 

Section 9.6. Collateral . The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall at all times have the rights and remedies of a secured party under the U.C.C., in addition to the rights and remedies of a secured party provided elsewhere within this Agreement, in any other Related Writing executed by the Borrower or otherwise provided in law or equity. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and at all times thereafter, the Administrative Agent may require the Borrower to assemble the collateral securing the Secured Obligations, which the Borrower agrees to do, and make it available to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders at a reasonably convenient place to be designated by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent may, with or without notice to or demand upon the Borrower and with or without the aid of legal process, make use of such force as may be necessary to enter any premises where such collateral, or any portion thereof, may be found and to take possession thereof (including anything found in or on such collateral that is not specifically described in this Agreement, each of which findings shall be considered to be an accession to and a part of such collateral) and for that purpose may pursue such collateral wherever the same may be found, without liability for trespass or damage caused thereby to the Borrower. After any delivery or taking of possession of the collateral securing the Secured Obligations, or any portion thereof, pursuant to this Agreement, then, with or without resort to the Borrower personally or any other Person or property, all of which the Borrower hereby waives, and upon such terms and in such manner as the Administrative Agent may deem advisable, the Administrative Agent, in its discretion, may sell, assign, transfer and deliver any of such collateral at any time, or from time to time. No prior notice need be given to the Borrower or to any other Person in the case of any sale of such collateral that the Administrative Agent determines to be perishable or to be declining speedily in value or that is customarily sold in any recognized market, but in any other case the Administrative Agent shall give the Borrower not fewer than ten days prior notice of either the time and place of any public sale of such collateral or of the time after which any private sale or other intended disposition thereof is to be made. The Borrower waives advertisement of any such sale and (except to the extent specifically required by the preceding sentence) waives notice of any kind in respect of any such sale. At any such public sale, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders may purchase such collateral, or any part thereof, free from any right of redemption, all of which rights the Borrower hereby waives and releases. After deducting all Related Expenses, and after paying all claims, if any, secured by Liens having precedence over this Agreement, the Administrative Agent may apply the net proceeds of each such sale to or toward the payment of the Secured Obligations, whether or not then due, in such order and by such division as the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, may deem advisable. Any excess, to the extent permitted by law, shall be paid to the Borrower, and the Borrower shall remain liable for any deficiency. In addition, the Administrative Agent shall at all times have the right to obtain new appraisals of the Borrower or any collateral securing the Secured Obligations, the cost of which shall be paid by the Borrower. 

104

Section 9.7. Other Remedies . The remedies in this Article IX are in addition to, and not in limitation of, any other right, power, privilege, or remedy, either in law, in equity, or otherwise, to which the Lenders may be entitled. The Administrative Agent shall exercise the rights under this Article IX and all other collection efforts on behalf of the Lenders and no Lender shall act independently with respect thereto, except as otherwise specifically set forth in this Agreement. In addition, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to exercise remedies, pursuant to the Loan Documents, against collateral securing the Secured Obligations, on behalf of any Affiliate of a Lender that holds Secured Obligations, and no Affiliate of a Lender shall act independently with respect thereto, except as otherwise specifically set forth in this Agreement. 

Section 9.8. Application of Proceeds . 

(a) Payments Prior to Exercise of Remedies . Prior to the exercise by the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, of remedies under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, all monies received by the Administrative Agent in connection with the Revolving Credit Commitment shall be applied, unless otherwise required by the terms of the other Loan Documents or by applicable Law, to the Loans and Letters of Credit, as appropriate; provided that the Administrative Agent shall have the right at all times to apply any payment received from the Borrower first to the payment of all obligations (to the extent not paid by the Borrower) incurred by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Sections 11.5 and 11.6 hereof and to the payment of Related Expenses. 

105

(b) Payments Subsequent to Exercise of Remedies . After the exercise by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders of remedies under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, all monies received by the Administrative Agent shall be applied, unless otherwise required by the terms of the other Loan Documents or by applicable law, as follows: 

(i) first, to the payment of all obligations (to the extent not paid by the Borrower) incurred by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Sections 11.5 and 11.6 hereof and to the payment of Related Expenses to the Administrative Agent; 

(ii) second, to the payment pro rata of (A) interest then accrued and payable on the outstanding Loans, (B) any fees then accrued and payable to the Administrative Agent, (C) any fees then accrued and payable to the Issuing Lender or the holders of the Letter of Credit Commitment in respect of the Letter of Credit Exposure, (D) any commitment fees, amendment fees and similar fees shared pro rata among the Lenders under this Agreement that are then accrued and payable, and (E) to the extent not paid by the Borrower, to the obligations incurred by the Lenders (other than the Administrative Agent) pursuant to Sections 11.5 and 11.6 hereof; 

(iii) third, for payment of (A) principal outstanding on the Loans and the Letter of Credit Exposure, on a pro rata basis to the Lenders, based upon each such Lender s Commitment Percentage, provided that the amounts payable in respect of the Letter of Credit Exposure shall be held and applied by the Administrative Agent as security for the reimbursement obligations in respect thereof, and, if any Letter of Credit shall expire without being drawn, then the amount with respect to such Letter of Credit shall be distributed to the Lenders, on a pro rata basis in accordance with this subpart (iii), (B) the Indebtedness under any Hedge Agreement with a Lender (or an entity that is an Affiliate of a then existing Lender), such amount to be based upon the net termination obligation of the Borrower under such Hedge Agreement, and (C) the Bank Product Obligations owing to a Lender (or an entity that is an Affiliate of a then existing Lender) under Bank Product Agreements; with such payment to be pro rata among (A), (B) and (C) of this subpart (iii); 

(iv) fourth, to any remaining Secured Obligations; and 

(v) finally, any remaining surplus after all of the Secured Obligations have been paid in full, to the Borrower or to whomsoever shall be lawfully entitled thereto. 

Each Lender hereby agrees to promptly provide all information reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent regarding any Bank Product Obligations owing to such Lender (or Affiliate of such Lender) or any Hedge Agreement entered into by a Company with such Lender (or Affiliate of such Lender), and each such Lender, on behalf of itself and any of its Affiliates, hereby agrees to promptly provide notice to the Administrative Agent upon such Lender (or any of its Affiliates) entering into any such Hedge Agreement or cash management services agreement. 

106

Section 9.9. Alternate Currency Loans Conversion . If the principal outstanding of any Loan denominated in an Alternate Currency is not paid in full in such Alternate Currency on the date of its stated maturity, the Administrative Agent shall have the option to convert the principal and interest outstanding of such Loan to its Dollar Equivalent as calculated on the date of such maturity (and thereafter all Obligations owing under such Loan shall be in Dollars). 

ARTICLE X. THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 

The Lenders authorize KeyBank and KeyBank hereby agrees to act as agent for the Lenders in respect of this Agreement upon the terms and conditions set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, and upon the following terms and conditions: 

Section 10.1. Appointment and Authorization . 

(a) Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers hereunder as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Affiliates, directors, officers, attorneys or employees shall (a) be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it or them hereunder or in connection herewith, except for its or their own gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction), or be responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for the effectiveness, enforceability, genuineness, validity or due execution of this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, (b) be under any obligation to any Lender to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions hereof or thereof on the part of the Borrower or any other Company, or the financial condition of the Borrower or any other Company, or (c) be liable to any of the Companies for consequential damages resulting from any breach of contract, tort or other wrong in connection with the negotiation, documentation, administration or collection of the Loans or Letters of Credit or any of the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility except those expressly set forth herein, nor shall the Administrative Agent have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender or participant, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against the Administrative Agent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, the use of the term agent herein and in other Loan Documents with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties. 

107

(b) Bank Products and Hedging Products . Each Lender that is providing Bank Products or products in connection with a Hedge Agreement (or whose Affiliate is providing such products) hereby irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf (and its Affiliate s behalf) with respect to the Collateral and the realization of payments with respect thereto pursuant to Section 9.8(b)(iii) hereof. The Borrower and each Lender agree that the indemnification and reimbursement provisions of this Agreement shall be equally applicable to the actions of the Administrative Agent pursuant to this subsection (b). Each Lender hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent that it has the authority to authorize the Administrative Agent as set forth above. 

Section 10.2. Note Holders . The Administrative Agent may treat the payee of any Note as the holder thereof (or, if there is no Note, the holder of the interest as reflected on the books and records of the Administrative Agent) until written notice of transfer shall have been filed with the Administrative Agent, signed by such payee and in form satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (such transfer to have been made in accordance with Section 11.9 hereof). 

Section 10.3. Consultation With Counsel . The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel selected by the Administrative Agent and shall not be liable for any action taken or suffered in good faith by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the opinion of such counsel. 

Section 10.4. Documents . The Administrative Agent shall not be under any duty to examine into or pass upon the validity, effectiveness, genuineness or value of any Loan Document or any other Related Writing furnished pursuant hereto or in connection herewith or the value of any collateral obtained hereunder, and the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to assume that the same are valid, effective and genuine and what they purport to be. 

Section 10.5. Administrative Agent and Affiliates . KeyBank and its Affiliates may make loans to, issue letters of credit for the account of, accept deposits from, acquire equity interests in and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial advisory, underwriting or other business with the Companies and Affiliates as though KeyBank were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without notice to or consent of any Lender. Each Lender acknowledges that, pursuant to such activities, KeyBank or its Affiliates may receive information regarding any Company or any Affiliate (including information that may be subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of such Company or such Company s Affiliate) and acknowledge that the Administrative Agent shall be under no obligation to provide such information to other Lenders. With respect to Loans and Letters of Credit (if any), KeyBank and its Affiliates shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though KeyBank were not the Administrative Agent, and the terms Lender and Lenders include KeyBank and its Affiliates, to the extent applicable, in their individual capacities. 

Section 10.6. Knowledge or Notice of Default . The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default unless the Administrative Agent has received written notice from a Lender or the Borrower referring to this Agreement, describing such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default . In the event that the Administrative Agent receives such a notice, the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as shall be reasonably directed by the Required Lenders (or, if so specified by this Agreement, all Lenders); provided that, unless and until the Administrative Agent shall have received such directions, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it shall deem advisable, in its discretion, for the protection of the interests of the Lenders. 

108

Section 10.7. Action by Administrative Agent . Subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, so long as the Administrative Agent shall be entitled, pursuant to Section 10.6 hereof, to assume that no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to use its discretion with respect to exercising or refraining from exercising any rights that may be vested in it by, or with respect to taking or refraining from taking any action or actions that it may be able to take under or in respect of, this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement by acting upon any notice, certificate, warranty or other paper or instrument believed by it to be genuine or authentic or to be signed by the proper party or parties, or with respect to anything that it may do or refrain from doing in the reasonable exercise of its judgment, or that may seem to it to be necessary or desirable in the premises. Without limiting the foregoing, no Lender shall have any right of action whatsoever against the Administrative Agent as a result of the Administrative Agent s acting or refraining from acting hereunder in accordance with the instructions of the Required Lenders. 

Section 10.8. Release of Collateral or Guarantor of Payment . In the event of a merger, transfer of assets or other transaction permitted pursuant to Section 5.12 hereof (or otherwise permitted pursuant to this Agreement) where the proceeds of such merger, transfer or other transaction are applied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to the extent required to be so applied, or in the event of a merger, consolidation, dissolution or similar event, permitted pursuant to this Agreement, the Administrative Agent, at the request and expense of the Borrower, is hereby authorized by the Lenders to (a) release the relevant Collateral from this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (b) release a Guarantor of Payment in connection with such permitted transfer or event, and (c) duly assign, transfer and deliver to the affected Person (without recourse and without any representation or warranty) such Collateral as is then (or has been) so transferred or released and as may be in the possession of the Administrative Agent and has not theretofore been released pursuant to this Agreement. 

Section 10.9. Delegation of Duties . The Administrative Agent may execute any of its duties under this Agreement or any other Loan Document by or through agents, employees or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel and other consultants or experts concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agent or attorney-in-fact that it selects in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by a final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 

Section 10.10. Indemnification of Administrative Agent . The Lenders agree to indemnify the Administrative Agent (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower) ratably, according to their respective Commitment Percentages, from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses (including attorneys fees and expenses) or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever that may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent in its capacity as agent in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any action taken or omitted by the Administrative Agent with respect to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, provided that no Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses (including attorneys fees and expenses) or disbursements resulting from the Administrative Agent s gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, or from any action taken or omitted by the Administrative Agent in any capacity other than as agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. No action taken in accordance with the directions of the Required Lenders shall be deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct for purposes of this Section 10.10. The undertaking in this Section 10.10 shall survive repayment of the Loans, cancellation of the Notes, if any, expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit, termination of the Commitment, any foreclosure under, or modification, release or discharge of, any or all of the Loan Documents, termination of this Agreement and the resignation or replacement of the agent. 

109

Section 10.11. Successor Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent may resign as agent hereunder by giving not fewer than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Borrower and the Lenders. If the Administrative Agent shall resign under this Agreement, then either (a) the Required Lenders shall appoint from among the Lenders a successor agent for the Lenders (with the consent of the Borrower so long as an Event of Default does not exist and which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), or (b) if a successor agent shall not be so appointed and approved within the thirty (30) day period following the Administrative Agent s notice to the Lenders of its resignation, then the Administrative Agent shall appoint a successor agent that shall serve as agent until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor agent. If no successor agent has accepted appointment as the Administrative Agent by the date that is thirty (30) days following a retiring Administrative Agent s notice of resignation, the retiring Administrative Agent s resignation shall nevertheless thereupon become effective (except that in the case of any collateral security held by Administrative Agent on behalf of any Lender under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed), and the Lenders shall assume and perform all of the duties of the Administrative Agent hereunder until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor agent as provided for above . Upon its appointment, such successor agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties as agent, and the term Administrative Agent means such successor effective upon its appointment, and the former agent s rights, powers and duties as agent shall be terminated without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former agent or any of the parties to this Agreement. After any retiring Administrative Agent s resignation as the Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Article X shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was the Administrative Agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

110

Section 10.12. Issuing Lender . The Issuing Lender shall act on behalf of the Revolving Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by the Issuing Lender and the documents associated therewith. The Issuing Lender shall have all of the benefits and immunities (a) provided to the Administrative Agent in this Article X with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the Issuing Lender in connection with the Letters of Credit and the applications and agreements for letters of credit pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Administrative Agent , as used in this Article X, included the Issuing Lender with respect to such acts or omissions, and (b) as additionally provided in this Agreement with respect to the Issuing Lender. 

Section 10.13. Swing Line Lender . The Swing Line Lender shall act on behalf of the Revolving Lenders with respect to any Swing Loans. The Swing Line Lender shall have all of the benefits and immunities (a) provided to the Administrative Agent in this Article X with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the Swing Line Lender in connection with the Swing Loans as fully as if the term Administrative Agent , as used in this Article X, included the Swing Line Lender with respect to such acts or omissions, and (b) as additionally provided in this Agreement with respect to the Swing Line Lender. 

Section 10.14. Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim . In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or other judicial proceeding relative to any Credit Party, (a) the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise, to (i) file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent) allowed in such judicial proceedings, and (ii) collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; and (b) any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. 

Section 10.15. No Reliance on Administrative Agent s Customer Identification Program . Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that neither such Lender, nor any of its Affiliates, participants or assignees, may rely on the Administrative Agent to carry out such Lender s or its Affiliate s, participant s or assignee s customer identification program, or other obligations required or imposed under or pursuant to the Patriot Act or the regulations thereunder, including the regulations contained in 31 CFR 103.121 (as hereafter amended or replaced, the CIP Regulations ), or any other anti-terrorism Law, including any programs involving any of the following items relating to or in connection with the Borrower, its Affiliates or agents, the Loan Documents or the transactions hereunder: (a) any identity verification procedures, (b) any record keeping, (c) any comparisons with government lists, (d) any customer notices or (e) any other procedures required under the CIP Regulations or such other Laws. 

111

Section 10.16. Other Agents . The Administrative Agent shall have the continuing right from time to time to designate one or more Lenders (or its or their Affiliates) as syndication agent , co-syndication agent , documentation agent , co-documentation agent , book runner , lead arranger , joint lead arranger , arrangers or other designations for purposes hereof. Any such designation referenced in the previous sentence or listed on the cover of this Agreement shall have no substantive effect, and any such Lender and its Affiliates so referenced or listed shall have no additional powers, duties, responsibilities or liabilities as a result thereof, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender, the Swing Line Lender or the Issuing Lender hereunder. 

Section 10.17. Platform . 

(a) Each Credit Party agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make the Communications (as defined below) available to the Issuing Lender, the Swing Line Lender and the other Lenders by posting the Communications on the Platform. 

(b) The Platform is provided as is and as available. The Agent Parties (as defined below) do not warrant the adequacy of the Platform and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the Communications. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any Agent Party in connection with the Communications or the Platform. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to the Borrower or the other Credit Parties, any Lender or any other Person or entity for damages of any kind, including, without limitation, direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower s , any Credit Party s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of communications through the Platform. Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Credit Party pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein that is distributed to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the Issuing Lender or the Swing Line Lender by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through the Platform. 

112

Section 10.18. Acknowledgements Regarding Erroneous Payments . 

(a) If the Administrative Agent notifies a Lender or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender such Lender (any such Lender or other recipient, a Payment Recipient that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under immediately succeeding clause (b)) that any funds received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment and demands the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and such Lender shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than two (2) Business Days thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

(b) Without limiting immediately preceding clause (a), each Lender or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender such Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise) from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (i) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (ii) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (iii) that such Lender or other such recipient, otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part) in each case: 

(A) (1) in the case of immediately preceding clauses (i) or (ii), an error shall be presumed to have been made (absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (2) an error has been made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (iii)), in each case, with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment; and 

(B) such Lender shall (and shall cause any other recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within one (1) Business Day of its knowledge of such error) notify the Administrative Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 10.18(b). 

113

(c) Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender from any source, against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under immediately preceding clause (a) or under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement. 

(d) In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by the Administrative Agent for any reason, after demand therefor by the Administrative Agent in accordance with immediately preceding clause (a), from any Lender that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) (and/or from any Payment Recipient who received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) on its respective behalf) (such unrecovered amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency ), upon the Administrative Agent s notice to such Lender at any time, (i) such Lender shall be deemed to have assigned its Loans (but not its Commitments) of the relevant Loans with respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made (the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class in an amount equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as the Administrative Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Loans (but not Commitments) of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class, the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment at par plus any accrued and unpaid interest (with the assignment fee to be waived by the Administrative Agent in such instance), and is hereby (together with the Borrower) deemed to execute and deliver an Assignment Agreement with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and such Lender shall deliver any Notes evidencing such Loans to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, (ii) the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall be deemed to acquire the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, (iii) upon such deemed acquisition, the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall become a Lender, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and the assigning Lender shall cease to be a Lender, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, its obligations under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement and its applicable Commitments which shall survive as to such assigning Lender and (iv) the Administrative Agent may reflect in the Register its ownership interest in the Loans subject to the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. The Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, sell any Loans acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and upon receipt of the proceeds of such sale, the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by the applicable Lender shall be reduced by the net proceeds of the sale of such Loan (or portion thereof), and the Administrative Agent shall retain all other rights, remedies and claims against such Lender (and/or against any recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf). For the avoidance of doubt, no Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment will reduce the Commitments of any Lender and such Commitments shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. In addition, each party hereto agrees that, except to the extent that the Administrative Agent has sold a Loan (or portion thereof) acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, the Administrative Agent shall be contractually subrogated to all the rights and interests of the applicable Lender under the Loan Documents with respect to each Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights ). 

114

(e) The parties hereto agree that an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Credit Party, except, in each case, to the extent such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower or any other Credit Party for the purpose of making such Erroneous Payment. 

(f) To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 

(g) Each party s obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 10.18 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender or Issuing Lender, the termination of the Commitments and/or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document. 

ARTICLE XI. MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 11.1. Lenders Independent Investigation . Each Lender, by its signature to this Agreement, acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent has made no representation or warranty, express or implied, with respect to the creditworthiness, financial condition, or any other condition of any Company or with respect to the statements contained in any information memorandum furnished in connection herewith or in any other oral or written communication between the Administrative Agent and such Lender. Each Lender represents that it has made and shall continue to make its own independent investigation of the creditworthiness, financial condition and affairs of the Companies in connection with the extension of credit hereunder, and agrees that the Administrative Agent has no duty or responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis, to provide any Lender with any credit or other information with respect thereto (other than such notices as may be expressly required to be given by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders hereunder), whether coming into its possession before the first Credit Event hereunder or at any time or times thereafter. Each Lender further represents that it has reviewed each of the Loan Documents. 

Section 11.2. No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies . No omission or course of dealing on the part of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the holder of any Note (or, if there is no Note, the holder of the interest as reflected on the books and records of the Administrative Agent) in exercising any right, power or remedy hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy hereunder or under any of the Loan Documents. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and in addition to any other rights, powers or privileges held under any of the Loan Documents or by operation of law, by contract or otherwise. 

115

Section 11.3. Amendments, Waivers and Consents . 

(a) General Rule . Except as set forth in Section 3.8 hereof, no amendment, modification, termination, or waiver of any provision of any Loan Document nor consent to any variance therefrom, shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Required Lenders and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given. 

(b) Exceptions to the General Rule . Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (a) of this Section 11.3: 

(i) Consent of Affected Lenders Required . No amendment, modification, waiver or consent shall (A) extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender, (B) extend the date scheduled for payment of any principal (excluding mandatory prepayments) of or interest on the Loans or Letter of Credit reimbursement obligations or commitment fees payable hereunder without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, (C) reduce the principal amount of any Loan, the stated rate of interest thereon (provided that the institution of the Default Rate or post default interest and a subsequent removal of the Default Rate or post default interest shall not constitute a decrease in interest rate pursuant to this Section 11.3) or the stated rate of commitment fees or Letter of Credit Fees payable hereunder, without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, (D) change the manner of pro rata application of any payments made by the Borrower to the Lenders hereunder, without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, (E) change the method of computing interest or fees on the Loans without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, (F) without the unanimous consent of the Lenders, change any percentage voting requirement, voting rights, or the Required Lenders definition in this Agreement, (G) without the unanimous consent of the Lenders, release the Borrower or any Guarantor of Payment or release or subordinate any material amount of collateral securing the Secured Obligations, except in connection with a transaction specifically permitted hereunder, (H) amend the definition of Alternate Currency or add additional alternate currency options without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, or (I) without the unanimous consent of the Lenders, amend this Section 11.3 or Sections 9.5 or 9.8 hereof. 

(ii) Provisions Relating to Special Rights and Duties . No provision of this Agreement affecting the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such shall be amended, modified or waived without the consent of the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent Fee Letter may be amended or modified by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower without the consent of any other Lender. No provision of this Agreement relating to the rights or duties of the Issuing Lender in its capacity as such shall be amended, modified or waived without the consent of the Issuing Lender. No provision of this Agreement relating to the rights or duties of the Swing Line Lender in its capacity as such shall be amended, modified or waived without the consent of the Swing Line Lender. 

116

(iii) Technical and Conforming Modifications . Notwithstanding the foregoing, technical and conforming modifications to the Loan Documents may be made with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (A) if such modifications are not adverse to the Lenders and are requested by Governmental Authorities, (B) to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency, or (C) to the extent necessary to integrate any increase in the Commitment or new Loans pursuant to Section 2.10(b) or (c) hereof. 

(c) Replacement of Non-Consenting Lender . If, in connection with any proposed amendment, waiver or consent hereunder, the consent of all affected Lenders is required, but only the consent of Required Lenders is obtained, (any Lender withholding consent as described in this subsection (c) being referred to as a Non-Consenting Lender ), then, so long as the Administrative Agent is not the Non-Consenting Lender, the Administrative Agent may (and shall, if requested by the Borrower), at the sole expense of the Borrower, upon notice to such Non-Consenting Lender and the Borrower, require such Non-Consenting Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with the restrictions contained in Section 11.9 hereof) all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to a financial institution acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that (i) such Non-Consenting Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from such financial institution (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts, including any breakage compensation under Article III hereof), and (ii) the applicable assignee shall have consented to the proposed amendment, waiver or consent at issue. 

(d) Generally . Notice of amendments, waivers or consents ratified by the Lenders hereunder shall be forwarded by the Administrative Agent to all of the Lenders. Each Lender or other holder of a Note, or if there is no Note, the holder of the interest as reflected on the books and records of the Administrative Agent (or interest in any Loan or Letter of Credit) shall be bound by any amendment, waiver or consent obtained as authorized by this Section 11.3, regardless of its failure to agree thereto. 

Section 11.4. Notices . All notices, requests, demands and other communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing and, if to the Borrower, mailed or delivered to it, addressed to it at the address specified on the signature pages of this Agreement, if to the Administrative Agent or a Lender, mailed or delivered to it, addressed to the address of the Administrative Agent or such Lender specified on the signature pages of this Agreement, or, as to each party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to each of the other parties. All notices, statements, requests, demands and other communications provided for hereunder shall be deemed to be given or made when delivered (if received during normal business hours on a Business Day, such Business Day or otherwise the following Business Day), or two Business Days after being deposited in the mails with postage prepaid by registered or certified mail, addressed as aforesaid, or sent by facsimile or electronic communication, in each case of facsimile or electronic communication with telephonic confirmation of receipt. All notices from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders pursuant to any of the provisions hereof shall not be effective until received by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, as the case may be. For purposes of Article II hereof, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely on telephonic instructions from any person that the Administrative Agent in good faith believes is an Authorized Officer, and the Borrower shall hold the Administrative Agent and each Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense resulting from any such reliance. 

117

Section 11.5. Costs, Expenses and Documentary Taxes . The Borrower agrees to pay on demand all costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent and all Related Expenses, including but not limited to (a) syndication, administration, travel and out-of-pocket expenses, including but not limited to attorneys fees and expenses, of the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, negotiation and closing of the Loan Documents and the administration of the Loan Documents, and the collection and disbursement of all funds hereunder and the other instruments and documents to be delivered hereunder, (b) extraordinary expenses of the Administrative Agent in connection with the administration of the Loan Documents and the other instruments and documents to be delivered hereunder, and (c) the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of special counsel for the Administrative Agent, with respect to the foregoing, and of local counsel, if any, who may be retained by said special counsel with respect thereto. The Borrower also agrees to pay on demand all costs and expenses (including Related Expenses) of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, in connection with the restructuring or enforcement of the Obligations, this Agreement or any other Related Writing. In addition, the Borrower shall pay any and all stamp, transfer, documentary and other taxes, assessments, charges and fees payable or determined to be payable in connection with the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents, and the other instruments and documents to be delivered hereunder, and agrees to hold the Administrative Agent and each Lender harmless from and against any and all liabilities with respect to or resulting from any delay in paying or failure to pay such taxes or fees. All obligations provided for in this Section 11.5 shall survive any termination of this Agreement. 

Section 11.6. Indemnification . The Borrower agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (and their respective Affiliates, officers, directors, attorneys, agents and employees) from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses (including attorneys fees or disbursements) of any kind or nature whatsoever that may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with any investigative, administrative or judicial proceeding (whether or not such Lender or the Administrative Agent shall be designated a party thereto) or any other claim by any Person relating to or arising out of any Loan Document or any actual or proposed use of proceeds of the Loans or any of the Obligations, or any activities of any Company or its Affiliates; provided that no Lender nor the Administrative Agent shall have the right to be indemnified under this Section 11.6 for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. All obligations provided for in this Section 11.6 shall survive any termination of this Agreement. 

118

Section 11.7. Obligations Several; No Fiduciary Obligations . The obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several and not joint. Nothing contained in this Agreement and no action taken by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders pursuant hereto shall be deemed to constitute the Administrative Agent or the Lenders a partnership, association, joint venture or other entity. No default by any Lender hereunder shall excuse the other Lenders from any obligation under this Agreement; but no Lender shall have or acquire any additional obligation of any kind by reason of such default. The relationship between the Borrower and the Lenders with respect to the Loan Documents and the other Related Writings is and shall be solely that of debtor and creditors, respectively, and neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any fiduciary obligation toward any Credit Party with respect to any such documents or the transactions contemplated thereby. 

Section 11.8. Execution in Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, and by facsimile or other electronic signature, each of which counterparts when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same agreement. 

Section 11.9. Successors and Assigns . 

(a) Successors and Assigns Generally . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that neither the Borrower nor any other Credit Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender, and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section 11.9, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section 11.9, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (e) of this Section 11.9 (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section 11.9 and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

(b) Assignments by Lenders . Any Lender may at any time assign to one (1) or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation (i) such Lender s Commitment, (ii) all Loans made by such Lender, (iii) such Lender s Notes (if any), and (iv) such Lender s interest in any Letter of Credit or Swing Loan); provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions: 

119

(i) Minimum Amounts . 

(A) no minimum amount is required to be assigned in the case of (x) an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment (to the extent the Commitment is still in effect) and the Loans at the time owing to such Lender, (y) contemporaneous assignments to related Approved Funds (determined after giving effect to such assignments) that equal at least the amount specified in subpart (b)(i)(B) of this Section 11.9 in the aggregate, or (z) in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; and 

(B) in any case not described in subpart (b)(i)(A) of this Section 11.9, the aggregate amount of each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment Agreement with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent (or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment Agreement, as of the Trade Date) shall not be less than Five Million Dollars 5,000,000), unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 

(ii) Proportionate Amounts . Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the portion of such Lender s Commitment assigned, except that this subpart (ii) shall not prohibit any Lender from assigning all or a portion of its rights and obligations with respect to separate facilities on a non-pro rata basis. 

(iii) Required Consents . No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) of this Section 11.9 and, in addition: 

(A) the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (1) a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment, or (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after having received notice thereof, and provided further that the Borrower shall not be deemed to have unreasonably withheld consent to an assignment to any Person that (x) is a competitor of the Borrower in the same industry or a substantially similar industry as the Borrower or (y) is not a commercial bank, insurance company, investment or mutual fund institution or other institutional lender that extends credit for or buys loans of the type made hereunder as part of its principal business; 

(B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for assignments to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; and 

120

(C) the consent of the Issuing Lender and the Swing Line Lender shall be required for any assignment in respect of the Revolving Credit Commitment. 

(iv) Assignment Agreement . The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment Agreement, together with a processing and recordation fee of Three Thousand Five Hundred Dollars 3,500); provided that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 

(v) No Assignment to Certain Persons . No such assignment shall be made to (A) the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries, or (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any Person that, upon becoming a Lender, would constitute a Defaulting Lender. 

(vi) No Assignment to Natural Persons . No such assignment shall be made to a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person). 

(vii) Certain Additional Payments . In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (A) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, the Swing Line Lender and each other Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon), and (B) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Loans in accordance with its Commitment Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this subpart (vii), then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 

(viii) Treatment as Lenders . Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section 11.9, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment Agreement, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement, and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment Agreement, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment Agreement, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment Agreement covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Article III and Sections 11.5 and 11.6 hereof with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment; provided that, except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subpart shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with subsection (d) of this Section 11.9. 

121

(c) Register . The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one (1) of its offices a copy of each Assignment Agreement delivered to it and a register (the Register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to, each Lender from time to time. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 

(d) Participations . Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person, or the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, all or a portion of the Commitment and the Loans and participations owing to it and the Notes, if any, held by it); provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, the Swing Line Lender and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 10.10 with respect to any payments made by such Lender to any of its Participants. 

Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver with respect to the following (to the extent that it affects such Participant): (i) any increase in the portion of the participation amount of any Participant over the amount thereof then in effect, or any extension of the Commitment Period; or (ii) any reduction of the principal amount of or extension of the time for any payment of principal on any Loan, or the reduction of the rate of interest or extension of the time for payment of interest on any Loan, or the reduction of the commitment fee. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Article III hereof (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 3.2(e) hereof (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.2(e) hereof shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section 11.9; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 3.4 and 3.6 hereof as if it were an assignee under subsection (b) of this Section 11.9; and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Article III hereof, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower's request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.6 hereof with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.4 hereof as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 9.5 hereof as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which such Lender enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 

122

(e) Certain Pledges . Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 

Section 11.10. Defaulting Lenders . 

(a) Defaulting Lender Adjustments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law: 

123

(i) Waivers and Amendments . Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders. Any amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent of all the Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms effects any Defaulting Lender more adversely than the other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. 

(ii) Defaulting Lender Waterfall . Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article IX hereof or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.5 hereof shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: (A) first, to the payment of amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; (B) second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Issuing Lender or Swing Line Lender hereunder; (C) third, to Cash Collateralize the Issuing Lender s Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 2.16 hereof; (D) fourth, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; (E) fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (1) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement, and (2) Cash Collateralize the Issuing Lender s future Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.14 hereof; (F) sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Lender or the Swing Line Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the Issuing Lender or the Swing Line Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; (G) seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and (H) eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that, if (y) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or any Letters of Credit in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (z) such Loans were made or reimbursement of any payment on any Letters of Credit were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.1 hereof were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and the Letter of Credit Exposure owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or Letter of Credit Exposure owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in the Letter of Credit Exposure and Swing Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitment under the applicable facility without giving effect to Section 11.10(a)(iv) hereof. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 11.10(a)(ii) hereof shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 

124

(iii) Certain Fees . 

(A) No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any commitment fee pursuant to Section 2.9(a) hereof for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). 

(B) Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive letter of credit fees, as set forth in Section 2.2(b) hereof for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its Commitment Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.14 hereof. 

(C) With respect to any fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to subpart (A) or (B) above, the Borrower shall (1) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lender s participation in the Letter of Credit Exposure or Swing Loans that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to subpart (iv) below, (2) pay to the Issuing Lender and Swing Line Lender, as applicable, the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to the Issuing Lender s or Swing Line Lender s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (3) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee. 

(iv) Reallocation of Participations to Reduce Fronting Exposure . All or any part of such Defaulting Lender s participation in the Letter of Credit Exposure and Swing Loans shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitment Percentages with respect thereto (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender s Commitment) but only to the extent that such reallocation does not cause the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender s Commitment Percentage with respect to the Revolving Credit Commitment. No reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation. 

(v) Cash Collateral, Repayment of Swing Loans . If the reallocation described in subpart (iv) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under law, (y) first, prepay Swing Loans in an amount equal to the Swing Line Lender s Fronting Exposure and (z) second, Cash Collateralize the Issuing Lender s Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.14 hereof. 

125

(b) Defaulting Lender Cure . If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender and the Issuing Lender agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), such Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be reasonably necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Loans to be held pro rata by the Lenders in accordance with the Commitments under the applicable facility (without giving effect to Section 11.10(a)(iv) hereof), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that (i) no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender, and (ii) except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 

(c) New Swing Loan and Letters of Credit . So long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, (i) the Swing Line Lender shall not be required to fund any Swing Loan unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect to such Swing Loan, and (ii) the Issuing Lender shall not be required to issue, extend, renew or increase any Letter of Credit unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect thereto. 

(d) Replacement of Defaulting Lenders . Each Lender agrees that, during the time in which any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent shall have the right (and the Administrative Agent shall, if requested by the Borrower), at the sole expense of the Borrower, upon notice to such Defaulting Lender and the Borrower, to require that such Defaulting Lender assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with the restrictions contained in Section 11.9 hereof), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to an Eligible Assignee, approved by the Borrower (unless an Event of Default shall exist) and the Administrative Agent, that shall assume such obligations. 

Section 11.11. Patriot Act Notice . Each Lender, and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any other party), hereby notifies the Credit Parties that, pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, such Lender and the Administrative Agent are required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Credit Parties, which information includes the name and address of each of the Credit Parties and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Credit Parties in accordance with the Patriot Act. The Borrower shall provide, to the extent commercially reasonable, such information and take such actions as are reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or a Lender in order to assist the Administrative Agent or such Lender in maintaining compliance with the Patriot Act. 

126

Section 11.12. Severability of Provisions; Captions; Attachments . Any provision of this Agreement that shall be prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. The several captions to sections and subsections herein are inserted for convenience only and shall be ignored in interpreting the provisions of this Agreement. Each schedule or exhibit attached to this Agreement shall be incorporated herein and shall be deemed to be a part hereof. 

Section 11.13. Investment Purpose . Each of the Lenders represents and warrants to the Borrower that such Lender is entering into this Agreement with the present intention of acquiring any Note issued pursuant hereto (or, if there is no Note, the interest as reflected on the books and records of the Administrative Agent) for investment purposes only and not for the purpose of distribution or resale, it being understood, however, that each Lender shall at all times retain full control over the disposition of its assets. 

Section 11.14. Entire Agreement . This Agreement, any Note and any other Loan Document or other agreement, document or instrument attached hereto or executed on or as of the Closing Date integrate all of the terms and conditions mentioned herein or incidental hereto and supersede all oral representations and negotiations and prior writings with respect to the subject matter hereof (except with respect to any provisions of the Administrative Agent Fee Letter or any commitment letter between the Borrower and KeyBank which by their terms survive the termination of such agreements, in each case, which shall remain in full force and effect after the Closing Date). 

Section 11.15. Limitations on Liability of the Issuing Lender . The Borrower assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee of any Letter of Credit with respect to its use of such Letters of Credit. Neither the Issuing Lender nor any of its officers or directors shall be liable or responsible for (a) the use that may be made of any Letter of Credit or any acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee in connection therewith; (b) the validity, sufficiency or genuineness of documents, or of any endorsement thereon, even if such documents should prove to be in any or all respects invalid, insufficient, fraudulent or forged; (c) payment by the Issuing Lender against presentation of documents that do not comply with the terms of a Letter of Credit, including failure of any documents to bear any reference or adequate reference to such Letter of Credit; or (d) any other circumstances whatsoever in making or failing to make payment under any Letter of Credit, except that the account party on such Letter of Credit shall have a claim against the Issuing Lender, and the Issuing Lender shall be liable to such account party, to the extent of any direct, but not consequential, damages suffered by such account party that such account party proves were caused by (i) the Issuing Lender s willful misconduct or gross negligence (as determined by a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction) in determining whether documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, or (ii) the Issuing Lender s willful failure to make lawful payment under any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it of documentation strictly complying with the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the Issuing Lender may accept documents that appear on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation. 

127

Section 11.16. General Limitation of Liability . No claim may be made by any Credit Party or any other Person against the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, or any other Lender or the Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, attorneys or agents of any of them for any damages other than actual compensatory damages in respect of any claim for breach of contract or any other theory of liability arising out of or related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, or any act, omission or event occurring in connection therewith; and the Borrower, each Lender, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender hereby, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable Law, waive, release and agree not to sue or counterclaim upon any such claim for any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, whether or not accrued and whether or not known or suspected to exist in their favor and regardless of whether any Lender, Issuing Lender, or the Administrative Agent has been advised of the likelihood of such loss of damage. 

Section 11.17. No Duty . All attorneys, accountants, appraisers, consultants and other professional persons (including the firms or other entities on behalf of which any such Person may act) retained by the Administrative Agent or any Lender with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents shall have the right to act exclusively in the interest of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, and shall have no duty of disclosure, duty of loyalty, duty of care, or other duty or obligation of any type or nature whatsoever to the Borrower, any other Companies, or any other Person, with respect to any matters within the scope of such representation or related to their activities in connection with such representation. The Borrower agrees, on behalf of itself and its Subsidiaries, not to assert any claim or counterclaim against any such persons with regard to such matters, all such claims and counterclaims, now existing or hereafter arising, whether known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseeable, being hereby waived, released and forever discharged. 

Section 11.18. Legal Representation of Parties . The Loan Documents were negotiated by the parties with the benefit of legal representation and any rule of construction or interpretation otherwise requiring this Agreement or any other Loan Document to be construed or interpreted against any party shall not apply to any construction or interpretation hereof or thereof. 

Section 11.19. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction . 

(a) Governing Law . This Agreement, each of the Notes and any other Related Writing shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and the respective rights and obligations of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders shall be governed by New York law. 

(b) Submission to Jurisdiction . The Borrower hereby irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any New York state or federal court sitting in New York County, New York, over any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Obligations or any other Related Writing, and the Borrower hereby irrevocably agrees that all claims in respect of such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York state or federal court. The Borrower, on behalf of itself and its Subsidiaries, hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue in any action or proceeding in any such court as well as any right it may now or hereafter have to remove such action or proceeding, once commenced, to another court on the grounds of FORUM NON CONVENIENS or otherwise. The Borrower agrees that a final, non-appealable judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. 

128

Section 11.20. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

Section 11.21. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Hedge Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 

129

(a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 

Section 11.22. Certain ERISA Matters 

(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Credit Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement, 

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 

(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84 14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 

130

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 

(b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Credit Party, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 

Section 11.23. Judgment Currency . 

(a) This in an international transaction in which the obligations of the Credit Parties under this Agreement to make payment to or for account of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders in a specified currency Original Currency shall not be discharged or satisfied by any tender or recovery pursuant to any judgment expressed in or converted into any other currency Judgment Currency except to the extent that such tender or recovery results in the effective receipt by the Administrative Agent or such Lender of the full amount in Original Currency payable to the Administrative Agent or such Lender under this Agreement. 

(b) If the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, or any other holder of the Obligations (the Applicable Creditor ), obtains a judgment or judgments against any Credit Party in respect of any sum adjudged to be due to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders hereunder or under the Notes (the Judgment Amount in a Judgment Currency other than the Original Currency, the obligations of such Credit Party in connection with such judgment shall be discharged only to the extent that (i) on the Business Day following receipt by the Applicable Creditor of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, such Applicable Creditor, in accordance with the normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction, can purchase the Original Currency with the Judgment Currency, and (ii) if the amount of Original Currency that could have been purchased pursuant to subpart (i) above is less than the amount of Original Currency that could have been purchased with the Judgment Amount on the date or dates the Judgment Currency was originally due and owing to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders hereunder (the Loss ), such Credit Party or the Borrower, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, indemnifies the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, against such Loss. The Borrower hereby agrees to such indemnification. For purposes of determining the equivalent in one currency of another currency as provided in this Section 11.23, such amount shall include any premium and costs payable in connection with the conversion into or from any currency. The obligations of the Credit Parties contained in this Section 11.23 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of all other amounts owing hereunder. 

[Remainder of page left intentionally blank] 

131

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.8>
 5
 ex_484277.htm
 AMENDED CONFIRMATION OF TRANSACTION, BY AND BETWEEN BEL FUSE INC. AND PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, DATED AS OF JANUARY 18, 2023.

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 10.8 

January 18, 2023 

BEL FUSE INC 

206 VAN VORST ST 

JERSEY CITY, NJ 07302-4421 

Attn: 

Marc Pryor, Farouq Tuweiq 

Email: 

Marc.pryor@belf.com; Farouq.Tuweiq@belf.com 

From: 

Matthew Gelles 

Phone: 

215-585-1434 

Reference: 

MX_356673 

UTI: 

AD6GFRVSDT01YPT1CS68MX356673 

The purpose of this letter agreement (this Confirmation is to confirm the terms and conditions of the Interest Rate Swap transaction (the "Transaction") entered into between BEL FUSE INC ("COUNTERPARTY") and PNC Bank, National Association ("PNC") on the Trade Date specified below. 

1. 

The definitions and provisions contained in the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ISDA )) are incorporated into this Confirmation. In the event of any inconsistency between those definitions and this Confirmation, this Confirmation will govern. 

2. 

This Confirmation constitutes a Confirmation as referred to in, and supplements, forms part of and is subject to, that certain ISDA Master Agreement and related Schedule between COUNTERPARTY and PNC, dated as of November 10, 2021 (as amended, modified, supplemented, renewed or restated from time to time, the "ISDA Master Agreement"). All provisions contained in or incorporated by reference in the ISDA Master Agreement shall supersede all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and the ISDA Master Agreement shall govern this Confirmation and the Transaction evidenced hereby (except as expressly modified below). In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of the ISDA Master Agreement and this Confirmation, this Confirmation will govern for purposes of the Transaction. 

3. 

Each party represents to the other party that: 

(a) 

It is acting for its own account as principal, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into the ISDA Master Agreement and the Transaction and as to whether the ISDA Master Agreement and the Transaction each is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary to permit it to evaluate the merits and risks of the ISDA Master Agreement and the Transaction. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into the ISDA Master Agreement or the Transaction; it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of the ISDA Master Agreement or the Transaction shall not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into the ISDA Master Agreement or the Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other party shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of the ISDA Master Agreement or the Transaction. 

(b) 

It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of the ISDA Master Agreement and the Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of the ISDA Master Agreement and the Transaction. 

(c) 

The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or an adviser to it in respect of the ISDA Master Agreement or the Transaction. 

(d) 

It is an eligible contract participant , as that term is defined in Section 1a(18) of the Commodity Exchange Act and applicable regulations there under. 

4. 

Counterparty represents to PNC that Counterparty has entered into the Transaction for purposes of hedging against exposure from one or more cash market financial products (including, but not limited to, loans, bonds, mortgages, notes or money market instruments) that reference the same Floating Rate Option as set forth below; in connection with a line of its business; and not for the purpose of speculation. 

5. 

The terms of the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates are as follows: 

Type Of Transaction: 

Interest Rate Swap 

Notional Amount: 

USD 30,000,000.00 

Trade Date: 

January 18, 2023 

Effective Date: 

January 31, 2023 

Termination Date: 

August 31, 2026, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Modified Following Business Day Convention. 

Fixed Amounts: 

Fixed Amount Payer: 

COUNTERPARTY 

Fixed Amount Payer Period End Dates: 

The initial Calculation Period will be from and including the Effective Date to but excluding February 28, 2023. Thereafter, from and including the last day of each month to but excluding the last day of the following month. With the final Calculation Period being from and including July 31, 2026, to but excluding the Termination Date. Each calculation period subject to adjustment in accordance with the Modified Following Business Day Convention. 

Fixed Amount Payer Payment Dates: 

The initial payment will commence on February 28, 2023, and thereafter on the last day of each month, and ending on the Termination Date, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Modified Following Business Day Convention. 

Fixed Rate: 

1.334 

Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction: 

Actual/360 

Business Days: 

New York and U.S. Government Securities Business Days 

Floating Amounts: 

Floating Amount Payer: 

PNC 

Floating Amount Payer Period End Dates: 

The initial Calculation Period will be from and including the Effective Date to but excluding February 28, 2023. Thereafter, from and including the last day of each month to but excluding the last day of the following month. With the final Calculation Period being from and including July 31, 2026, to but excluding the Termination Date. Each calculation period subject to adjustment in accordance with the Modified Following Business Day Convention. 

Floating Amount Payer Payment Dates: 

The initial payment will commence on February 28, 2023, and thereafter on the last day of each month, and ending on the Termination Date, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Modified Following Business Day Convention. 

Reset Dates: 

The last day of each Floating Rate Calculation Period, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Preceding Business Day Convention. 

Floating Rate Option: 

USD-SOFR; Where in no event shall Floating Rate Option be below -0.1 . 

Spread: 

0.10 

Floating Rate Day Count Fraction: 

Actual/360 

Method of Averaging: 

Averaging with Lookback 

Lookback: 

Five (5) Applicable Business Days 

Applicable Business Days: 

New York and U.S. Government Securities Business Days 

Business Days: 

New York and U.S. Government Securities Business Days 

General Terms: 

Calculation Agent: 

As set forth by the ISDA Master Agreement. 

Acknowledgement of Related Termination and Agreement: 

In connection with this Transaction, reference is made to that certain Confirmation dated December 6, 2021 between COUNTERPARTY and PNC regarding a Transaction with reference number MX_306526, a Trade Date of December 6, 2021, and Effective Date of December 31, 2021, and a Termination Date of August 31, 2026 Prior Confirmation ). COUNTERPARTY and PNC have agreed, effective January 18, 2023, to amend the Termination Date defined on the Prior Confirmation to be January 31, 2023 (the Amendment ). The Amendment will result in a value payable to COUNTERPARTY by PNC. At the request of COUNTERPARTY, PNC has agreed to apply the value to this Transaction by way of a decrease to the Fixed Rate. 

Jury Waiver: 

EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE ISDA MASTER AGREEMENT, ANY CREDIT SUPPORT DOCUMENT, THIS CONFIRMATION OR THE TRANSACTION EVIDENCED HEREBY. 

Governing Law: 

The Transaction shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without reference to the choice of law doctrine. 

Execution in Counterparts: 

This Confirmation may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be an original and both of which when taken together shall constitute the same agreement. Transmission by facsimile, e-mail or other form of electronic transmission of an executed counterpart of this Confirmation shall be deemed to constitute due and sufficient delivery of such counterpart. 

Electronic Records and Signatures: 

It is agreed by the parties that the use of electronic signatures and the keeping of records in electronic form be granted the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a signature affixed by hand or the use of a paper-based record keeping system (as the case may be) to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law. 

Periodic Interest Rate Swap Payment 

Pay by Automatic Debit or Credit 

I hereby Authorize PNC Bank to deposit or withdraw any amounts owed to me or by me by initiating credit or debit entries to my account at the Financial Institution indicated below. Further, I authorize my Financial Institution to accept and to credit or debit any entries initiated by PNC Bank to my account. In the event that PNC Bank deposits funds erroneously into my account, I authorize PNC Bank to debit my account for an amount not to exceed the original amount of the credit. 

Bank Name: 

ABA: 

Account #: 

Checking or Savings: 

This authorization is to remain in full force and effect until PNC Bank and/or my Financial Institution has received written notice from me of its termination in such time and in such manner as to afford PNC Bank and/or my Financial Institution a reasonable opportunity to act on it. 

Please confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth the terms of our agreement concerning the transaction by signing this Confirmation where indicated below and returning a signed copy to Matthew Close either by email (derivatives.operations@pnc.com) or fax (1-855-568-4533) or by overnight delivery (c/o PNC Investment Operations 249 Fifth Avenue, P1-POPP-11-A, Pittsburgh, PA 15222, Attn: Matthew Close). By signing below, COUNTERPARTY acknowledges that it has consented to receive this Confirmation via electronic mail. 

Please retain a signed copy of this Confirmation for your records. Should you have any questions, please call Matthew Close at 412-237-0532. 

Yours Sincerely, 

Accepted and agreed as of the date first above written: 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

BEL FUSE INC 

/s/ Brandon A. Mayo 

By: 
			 
			 /s/ Marc Pryor 

Brandon A. Mayo AVP 

Name: 
			 
			 Marc Pryor 

PNC Bank, National Association 

Title: 
			 
			 Corporate Treasurer 

By: 
			 
			 /s/ Farouq Tuweiq 

Name: 
			 
			 Farouq Tuweiq 

Title: 
			 
			 CFO 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.9>
 6
 ex_484276.htm
 AMENDED CONFIRMATION OF TRANSACTION, BY AND BETWEEN BEL FUSE INC. AND KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, DATED AS OF JANUARY 18, 2023.

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 10.9 

KeyBank 

AMENDED CONFIRMATION 

Date: 
			 
			 18-Jan-23 

To: 
			 BEL FUSE INC. ("Counterparty") 

Attention: 
			 Marc Pryor, Farouq Tuweig 

Email: 
			 Marc.Pryor@belf.com; Farouq.Tuweig@belf.com 

From: 
			 KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ("KeyBank") 

Re: 
			 Interest Rate Swap Transaction ("Transaction") (Deal# 404265 404270 /Tran# 404265 404270) 

UTI: 
			 HUX2X73FUCYHUVH1BK78404265RA44942466070000 

HUX2X73FUCYHUVH1BK78404270RA44942470390000 

This Confirmation amends, supersedes, and replaces the Confirmation between us with a Trade Date of December 6, 2021 with the reference number of 387930 387931. KeyBank National Association agrees to settle the remaining January] 31, 2023 payment in the amount of 81,748.53 per the terms of the original confirm. 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

The purpose of this letter agreement is to set forth the terms and conditions of the Transaction entered into between us on the Trade Date specified below. This letter agreement constitutes a "Confirmation" as referred to in the ISDA Master Agreement specified below. 

The definitions and provisions contained in the 2006 ISDA Definitions (the "Definitions") as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA"), and amended from time to time, are incorporated into this Confirmation. In the event of any inconsistency between this Confirmation and the Definitions, this Confirmation will govern. 

This Confirmation supplements, forms part of and is subject to, the ISDA Master Agreement dated as of November 16, 2021 as amended and supplemented from time to time (the "Agreement"), between you and us. All provisions contained in the Agreement shall govern this Confirmation except as expressly modified below. 

Each party represents to the other party that: 

(a) Non-Reliance . It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into this Transaction and as to whether this Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into this Transaction, it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction will not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into this Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other party will be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of this Transaction. 

(b) Assessment and Understanding . It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of this Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of this Transaction. 

(c) Status of Parties . The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or an adviser to it in respect of this Transaction. 

(d) Eligible Contract Participant Status . It is an "eligible contract participant", as that term is defined in Section la(18) of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and the applicable regulations related thereto. 

The terms of the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates are as follows: 

1. 

General Terms: 

Notional Amount: 
			 30,000,000.00 USD 

Trade Date: 
			 18-Jan-23 

Effective Date: 
			 31-Jan-23 

Termination Date: 
			 31-Aug-26 

Business Days: 
			 New York 

Fixed Amount Details: 

Fixed Rate Payer: 
			 Counterparty 

Payment Date: 
			 Monthly, on the last business day, commencing on 28-Feb-23 , up to and including the Termination Date, subject to adjustment in accordance with Modified Following Business Day Convention 

Fixed Rate: 
			 1.34800 

Day Count Fraction: 
			 Act/360 

Floating Amount Details: 

Floating Rate Payer: 
			 KeyBank 

Payment Date: 
			 
			 Monthly, on the last business day, commencing on 28-Feb-23, up to and including the Termination Date, subject to adjustment in accordance with Modified Following Business Day Convention 

Floating Rate for initial Calculation Period including Spread: 

To be determined 

Designated Maturity: 
			 Daily 

Spread: 
			 0.10 

Floating Rate Option: 
			 USD-SOFR however, at no time will this rate fall below 0.00 percent per annum 

Reset Dates: 
			 The last day of each Calculation Period 

Day Count Fraction: 
			 Act/360 

Averaging: 
			 Averaging with Lookback 

Lookback: 
			 Five (5) Applicable Business Days 

2. 
			 Calculation Agent: 
			 As per the Agreement, or if not specified therein, KeyBank 

3. 
			 Account Details: 

Payment Method: 
			 FEDWIRE 

Please pay us at: 
			 _________________________ 

_________________________ 

_________________________ 

_________________________ 

We will Pay You at: 
			 _________________________ 

_________________________ 

_________________________ 

_________________________ 

4. 
			 Other Provisions: 

5. 
			 Counterparty Portal Access: 

KeyBank will provide access to view the daily mid-market marks of your outstanding Transactions through a secured website, Key Derivatives On-line ("KDO"). Unless you notify KeyBank in writing that you do not agree to receive the daily mid-market marks via KDO, you agree that KDO is an acceptable and reliable manner of disclosure. 

The following individuals will receive logon information and access to KDO once the Confirmation has been executed by an authorized signer(s) and returned to KeyBank. Please provide additional names and contact information in writing as required. 

Name 
			 Email Address 

Marc Pryor 
			 Marc.Pryor@Belf.com 

Farouq Tuweiq 
			 Farouq.Tuweiq@Belf.com 

Please confirm the foregoing correctly sets forth the terms of our agreement by responding within two (2) Business Days by returning an executed copy of this Confirmation to the attention of Derivative Operations at Derivatives_Documents@KeyBank.com or facsimile at (216) 370-6210. Failure to respond within such period shall not affect the validity or enforceability of this Transaction, and shall be deemed to be an affirmation of the terms and conditions contained herein, absent manifest error. 

Regards, 

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

By: 

/s/ Mary Chudzinski 

Name: Mary Chudzinski 

Title: Authorized Signature 

Accepted and Confirmed as of the Trade Date 

BEL FUSE INC. 

By: 

/s/ Farouq Tuweiq 

Name: Farouq Tuweiq 

Title: CFO 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.13>
 7
 ex_484314.htm
 OFFER LETTER, DATED OCTOBER 25, 2022, BETWEEN BEL FUSE INC. AND SUZANNE KOZLOVSKY.

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 10.13 

October 25, 2022 

Suzanne Kozlovsky 

 Carol Stream, IL 60188 

Dear Suzanne, 

Thank you for your interest in Bel Fuse Inc. We are pleased to confirm our offer of employment to you for the position of Global Head of People for Bel Fuse Inc. under the following terms and conditions: 

This position will report directly to Dan Bernstein, President and CEO of Bel Fuse Inc. 

As Bel Fuse Inc. is an At Will employer, this offer is for a non-specified period of time. 

Place of work will be 1700 Finley Road, Lombard, IL 60148 or at other group locations if business reasons demand it. 

Your first day of employment will be November 15, 2022. 

Your annual salary will be 275,000 to be paid out semi-monthly in equal manner over the course of the year. 

Pay periods are semi-monthly (standard pay periods are Monday through Sunday) and includes 86.67 hours of pay. Your first paycheck will be on November 30, 2022 and will include 86.67 hours of pay or hours actually worked. Pay dates are the 15 th of the month and the last day of the month. 

Your position is exempt from minimum wage, overtime, and other provisions under state and/or federal law. 

Bel conducts a yearend review, and a bonus amount is determined for each employee commensurate with the individual and Bel s performance. Said bonus is generally paid out in January following the completion of Bel s fiscal year. For your first full year, calendar year 2023, your bonus will be guaranteed at no less than 25 of your annual base pay but has upside opportunity in-range with your peer group and individual performance. 

You are eligible for a one-time sign-on bonus payment of 40,000.00 which will paid with on the November 30, 2022, pay cycle with the expectation that you will be an active Bel employee no later than November 15, 2022. If you leave Bel on your own accord within 12 months, you are required to reimburse the company the full amount. 

Your work hours are generally 8:00am - 5:00pm, Monday-Friday and you are eligible for the hybrid remote work as appropriate and in-range with the broader Company. Currently this program allows for office work Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday at your home office. This policy may change at the discretion of the CEO. 

You will be nominated at the May 2023 Bel Fuse Inc. Board Meeting for a Restricted Stock Grant of 10,000 shares which are at no cost to you. This is a five-year vesting with 25 vesting in year two and each year thereafter to be vested 100 at year five. 

You will be nominated at the May 2023 for participation in the Deferred Compensation program. While employer contributions are discretionary and subject to change, the current intent is for the Company to contribute 25,000 per year (funded quarterly) for each of the first four years of participation in the plan and then 10 of your base salary contributed each year thereafter (also funded quarterly). The Plan provides for 100 cliff vesting at age 65 (i.e. termination of employment prior to age 65 would result in forfeiture of the full account balance). Under the terms of the Plan, vesting would be accelerated in cases of disability, death or change in control of the Company, as defined in the plan documents. The funds in your individual account will be self-directed, meaning you will be able to manage how they are invested, much like your 401k plan. 

Your initial vacation accrual will be at the rate of 6.67 hours (20 days Annualized) per semi-monthly pay period, which is an enhanced benefit from the standard. 

Your sick leave accrual will be 1.67 hours (5 days Annualized) per semi-monthly pay period. 

Your personal time accrual will be 1.0 hours (3 days Annualized) per semi-monthly pay period. 

You and your eligible dependents will be eligible for Medical, Dental, Vision, Flexible Spending or Health Savings Accounts, Supplemental Life and Supplemental Accidental Death and Dismemberment benefits. A summary of these benefits is enclosed, and deductions will be taken from your paycheck for these benefits. These deductions are based upon actual benefit selections. 

You will be eligible to participate in the Bel Fuse Inc. 401(k) Savings Plan. Bel matches 100 of the first 1 of gross pay that you contribute plus 50 of the next 5 of gross pay that you contribute. An employee contribution of 6 results in the maximum employer match. Employer matching contributions will be invested in the plan s Employer Class A Common Stock Fund. 

As per the 2022 Benefit Guide, the company will provide at no cost to you Basic Life and Accidental Death and Dismemberment Coverage in the amount of two times your annual base salary. You will also be provided at no cost Short-Term (75 of base pay for up to 26 weeks) and Long-Term Disability coverage (60 of base pay subject to Social Security/Disability Benefit Eligibility). 

You are eligible to participate in the various benefits plans sponsored by the company. These plans are reviewed annually and may be amended from time to time at the company s discretion. For your convenience, I have included an abbreviated summary of the Bel Fuse Inc. Benefits Plans, some benefits requiring employee contributions, for which you will become eligible in the normal course of your employment. Details of these plans will be provided to you during your first day of work. 

As a condition of employment, you will be expected to complete and sign the Employment Eligibility Verification Form (I-9) from our federal government. (Federal law prohibits us from hiring any individual without verifying that the individual is authorized to work in the United States.) Upon hire, the company will use the E-Verify system operated by USCIS and Social Security Administration (SSA) to compare information entered on the I-9 with records contained in the SSA and Department of Homeland Security (DHS) databases to help verify the identify and employment eligibility of newly hired employees. A list of acceptable identification is included, which you should bring with you on your first day of work. 

It is our sincere hope that your career with Bel Fuse will be both successful and rewarding. However, continued employment with the Company will be contingent on satisfactory work performance and the market conditions under which the Company must operate and is always to be considered At Will. At Will means that both you and the Company have the unrestricted right to end the employment relationship at any time you or the Company may determine to be appropriate. Neither this letter nor any benefit plan nor any conversation you may have had with any member of Management is to be considered a guarantee of employment for any period of time or in any other manner an employment contract. 

Drug Screen and Background check : This offer is contingent upon the satisfactory results of a drug screen and completion of a background check. You will receive an email to complete this online. Please complete this as soon as possible as to not delay your start date. 

The Company wants to provide employees with a flexible work environment that inspires productivity while ensuring that a professional, business-like image is projected throughout the company. Business casual attire is acceptable for those employees whose primary job function is in the office area. Production areas follow casual work attire guidelines. 

The policies and procedures of the Company may be changed from time to time, and you will be notified of those changes. I believe that the position will offer you opportunities for both personal and professional development, and I look forward to your formal acceptance of this offer. If the foregoing is acceptable, please sign the original offer letter and return it to my attention. Please return the executed offer letter and related forms via email to farouq.tuweiq@belf.com by close of business October 30, 2022. We look forward to hearing from you. 

I have also included a copy of the Employee Intellectual Property and Confidential Information Agreement you will be required to sign during the first few days of employment. 

We are truly excited by the prospect of your joining the team and continuing our transformation. Please feel free to call me if you have any questions regarding the offer or any other matter; I may be reached at 201-432-0463. 

Sincerely, 

Dan Bernstein 

/s/ Daniel Bernstein 

 President CEO 

Enclosures: Employee Intellectual Property and Confidential Information Agreement and Employment Eligibility and Compliance Questionnaire 

I have read this offer of employment, understand it, and accept employment of the basis set forth in this offer . 

/s/ Suzanne Kozlovsky October 28, 2022 

 Suzanne Kozlovsky Date 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-21.1>
 8
 ex_450576.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

ex_450576.htm 

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Bel Components Ltd. 

Hong Kong 

Bel Connector Inc. 

Delaware 

Bel Fuse (Macao Commercial Offshore) Limited 

Macao 

Bel Fuse Limited 

Hong Kong 

Bel Guangxi Electronics Co. Ltd. 
			 PRC 

Bel Power (Hangzhou) Co. Ltd. 

PRC 

Bel Power Europe S.r.l. 

Italy 

Bel Power Inc. 

Massachusetts 

Bel Power Solutions Co. Ltd. 

China 

Bel Power Solutions GmbH 

Switzerland 

Bel Power Solutions Inc. 

Delaware 

Bel Power Solutions Ireland Limited 

Ireland 

Bel Power Solutions s.r.o. 

Slovakia 

Bel Sales (Hong Kong) Ltd. 

Hong Kong 

Bel Stewart GmbH 

Germany 

Bel Stewart s.r.o. 

Czech Republic 

Bel Transformer Inc. 

Delaware 

Bel Ventures Inc. 

Delaware 

BPS Asia Pacific Electronics (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd. 

China 

BPS Cooperatief U.A. 

Netherlands 

Cinch Connectivity Solutions LTD 

England and Wales 

Cinch Connectivity Solutions, Inc. 

Delaware 

Cinch Connectors de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 

Mexico 

Cinch Connectors Limited 

England and Wales 

Dongguan Transpower Electric Products Co., Ltd. 

PRC 

EOS Power India Private Limited 
			 India 

PAI Capital LLC 

Delaware 

Shireoaks Worksop Holdings Ltd. 

England and Wales 

Signal Dominicana, S.R.L. 

Dominican Republic 

Stewart Connector Systems de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 

Mexico 

Stratos International, LLC 

Delaware 

Stratos Lightwave LLC 

Delaware 

Stratos Lightwave-Florida LLC 

Delaware 

Transpower Cooperatief U.A. 

Netherlands 

Transpower Technologies (HK) Limited 

Hong Kong 

Trompeter Electronics, Inc. 

Delaware 

TRP Connector B.V. 

Netherlands 

TRP Connector Limited 

Macao 

TRP International 

PRC 

Winsonko (Guangxi Pingguo) Electron Co., Ltd. 

PRC 

TRP International is a China Business Trust 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 9
 ex_450577.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

ex_450577.htm 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We have issued our reports dated March 10, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of Bel Fuse Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of Bel Fuse Inc. on Form S-3 (File No. 333-239189) and on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-180340 and File No. 333-239267). 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 

Iselin, New Jersey 

 March 10, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 ex_450579.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_450579.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Daniel Bernstein, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Bel Fuse Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 10, 2023 

/s/ Daniel Bernstein 

Daniel Bernstein 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

			 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 ex_450580.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_450580.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Farouq Tuweiq, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Bel Fuse Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 10, 2023 

/s/ Farouq Tuweiq 

Farouq Tuweiq 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 ex_450581.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_450581.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of Bel Fuse Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Report"), I, Daniel Bernstein, as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the dates presented and consolidated results of operations of the Company for the periods presented. 

Date: March 10, 2023 

/s/ Daniel Bernstein 

Daniel Bernstein 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

			 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 ex_450582.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_450582.htm 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of Bel Fuse Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Report"), I, Farouq Tuweiq, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the dates presented and consolidated results of operations of the Company for the periods presented. 

Date: March 10, 2023 

/s/ Farouq Tuweiq 

Farouq Tuweiq 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 belfa-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 belfa-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 belfa-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 belfa-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 belfa-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

