<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230315_10-K_edgar_data_1085913_0001140361-23-011796.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>25209570</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>439058</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2188336</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13569986</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3777011</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4193563</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-011796.hdr.sgml : 20230315
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230315153207
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-011796
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230315
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FARMERS & MERCHANTS BANCORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001085913
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				943327828
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26099
		FILM NUMBER:		23734927

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FARMERS AND MERCHANTS BANCORP
		STREET 2:		121 WEST PINE ST
		CITY:			LODI
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95240-2184
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2093672411

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FARMERS AND MERCHANTS BANCORP
		STREET 2:		121 WEST PINE ST
		CITY:			LODI
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95240-2184

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-011796.txt : 20230315

10-K
 1
 brhc10049536_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 

THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

or

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from ___________ to_____________

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

None 

Not Applicable 

Not Applicable

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of
 this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth
 company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
 accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its
 internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered
 pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any
 of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the Registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates on June 30, 2022 (based on the last reported trade on June 30, 2022) was .

The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of February 28, 2023: 

Documents Incorporated by Reference:

Portions of the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A are
 incorporated by reference in Part III, Items 10 through 14.

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

FORM 10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Page 

Introduction 

3 

Item 1.

Business 

4 

Item 1A.

Risk Factors 

21

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments 

35

Item 2.

Properties 

35

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings 

35

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

35

PART II 

Item 5.

Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

36

Item 6.

Reserved 

40

Item 7.

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

40 

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

66

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

69 

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

122 

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures 

122

Item 9B.

Other Information 

124

Item 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

124

PART III 

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

125

Item 11.

Executive Compensation 

125

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

125 

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

125

Item 14.

Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

126

PART IV 

Item 15.

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

126

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary 

127

Signatures 

128

2 

Table of Contents 

Introduction Forward Looking Statements

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains various forward-looking statements, usually containing the words estimate, project, expect, objective, goal, or similar expressions and includes assumptions
 concerning Farmers Merchants Bancorp s (together with its subsidiaries, the Company , FMCB , or we operations, future results, and prospects. These forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to risks
 and uncertainties. In connection with the safe-harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, the Company provides the following cautionary statement identifying important factors which could cause the actual results
 of events to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by the forward-looking statements and related assumptions.

Such factors include, but are not limited to, the following: (1) economic conditions in the mid Central Valley or the East Bay region of San Francisco in California; (2) significant changes in interest rates and
 loan prepayment speeds; (3) credit risks of lending and investment activities; (4) changes in federal and state banking laws or regulations; (5) competitive pressure in the banking industry; (6) changes in governmental fiscal or monetary
 policies; (7) the possible adverse impacts on the banking industry and our business from a period of significant, prolonged inflation; (8) uncertainty regarding the economic outlook resulting from the continuing war on terrorism, as well as
 actions taken or to be taken by the U.S. or other governments as a result of further acts or threats of terrorism; (9) water management issues in California and the resulting impact on the Company s agricultural and industrial customers; (10)
 expansion into new geographic markets and new lines of business; (11) the impact of COVID-19 (Coronavirus) on the Company and its customers (see COVID-19 (Coronavirus) Disclosure below); (12) the impact of changes in Federal and State taxation
 policies and rates; and (13) other factors discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date hereof. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect
 events or circumstances arising after the date on which they are made.

COVID-19 (Coronavirus) Disclosure

Beginning in the first quarter of 2020 the COVID-19 virus has impacted all of us to varying degrees. Various levels of governmental restrictions that affected economic activity were in place through much of 2021.
 In late 2021 and early 2022, economic activity began to improve as vaccination rates increased and governmental restrictions were eased.

On March 27, 2020, Congress signed the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act CARES Act into law. Since that time the Company actively worked with its customers to help them obtain the benefits
 available under the CARES Act, particularly regarding loans made under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP where t he Small Business Administration was directed by Congress to provide loans to small
 businesses with less than 500 employees to assist these businesses in meeting their payroll and other financial obligations during the COVID-19 pandemic. The Bank made over 494 million of PPP loans for 2,680 small business customers. As a
 reflection of the diminishing impact of COVID-19 on the economy, by December 31, 2022 all of these loans had been repaid [by the SBA]. Additionally, those Bank customers operating in industries that were impacted by either: (1) the public s
 changing habits in response to the risks of COVID-19 and such variants (e.g., hotels, movie theaters, health clubs and restaurants); or (2) restrictions imposed by local, state and federal officials (e.g., small businesses determined to be
 non-essential are now, in the opinion of management, stable and do not exhibit any extraordinary levels of credit risk.

At the current time, COVID-19 is not having any material adverse impact on the Company s business activities or financial results; however, the virus has continued to develop new strains and no assurances can be
 given as to whether governmental restrictions might be re-imposed and what the resulting economic impact might be on the markets we serve.

3 

Table of Contents 

PART I

Item 1. 

Business

Organizational Structure

Farmers Merchants Bancorp is a Delaware registered bank holding company organized in 1999. As a registered bank holding company, FMCB is subject to regulation, supervision, and examination by the Board of
 Governors of the Federal Reserve System FRB and by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation DFPI ). The Company s principal business is to serve as a holding company for the Bank and for other banking or banking
 related subsidiaries, which the Company may establish or acquire. As a legal entity separate and distinct from its subsidiary, the Company s principal source of funds is, and will continue to be, dividends paid by and other funds received from
 the Bank. Legal limitations are imposed on the amount of dividends that may be paid and loans that may be made by the Bank to the Company. See Supervision and Regulation - Dividends and Other Transfer of Funds. The Company s outstanding common
 stock as of December 31, 2022, consisted of 768,337 shares of common stock, 0.01 par value, and no shares of preferred stock were issued or outstanding.

During 2003, the Company formed a wholly-owned Connecticut statutory business trust, FMCB Statutory Trust I, for the sole purpose of issuing trust-preferred securities. See Note 9 Long-Term Subordinated
 Debentures located in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

The Company operates all financial service activities through its wholly-owned banking subsidiary, Farmers Merchants Bank of Central California, which was organized in 1916. The Bank was incorporated under
 the laws of the State of California as a non-FRB member, California state-chartered bank subject to primary regulation, supervision and examination by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC and by the DFPI. The Bank s two wholly-owned
 subsidiaries are Farmers Merchants Investment Corporation and Farmers/Merchants Corporation. Farmers Merchants Investment Corporation is currently dormant, and Farmers/Merchants Corporation acts as trustee on deeds of trust originated
 by the Bank. The Bank s deposit accounts are insured under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, as amended FDIA ), up to applicable limits. See Supervision and Regulation Deposit Insurance. 

F M Bancorp, Inc. was created in March 2002 to protect the name F M Bank. During 2002, the Company completed a fictitious name filing in California to begin using the streamlined name, F M
 Bank, as part of a larger effort to enhance the Company s image and build brand name recognition. Since 2002, the Company has converted all of its daily operating and image advertising to the F M Bank name and the Company s logo, slogan
 and signage were redesigned to incorporate the trade name, F M Bank. 

Market Area

The Company s primary service area is the mid Central Valley of California, including Sacramento, San Joaquin, Solano, Stanislaus and Merced counties, and the east region of the San Francisco Bay Area, including
 Napa, Alameda, and Contra Costa counties. The Company operates 29 full-service branches and 3 stand-alone ATMs. The Company s market areas include the following Metropolitan Statistical Areas MSA ), with data as of January 23, 2023 (the most
 recent data available) set forth below:

The Sacramento MSA (Sacramento County Only), with branches in Sacramento, Elk Grove, Galt and Walnut Grove. This county had a Population of 1.6 million and a Per Capita Income of approximately 36,152. The MSA includes significant
 employment in the following sectors: government, education health trade, and transportation utilities. Unemployment was at 3.5 .

4 

Table of Contents 

The Stockton-Lodi MSA, with branches in Lodi, Linden, Stockton, Lockeford and Manteca. This MSA had a Population of 0.79 million and a Per Capita Income of approximately 30,628. The MSA includes significant employment in the following
 sectors: trade, transportation utilities, government, and education health services. Unemployment was at 5.2 .

The Vallejo-Fairfield MSA (Rio Vista Only, census tract 2535.01 2535.02), with a branch in Rio Vista. This census tract had a Population of approximately 10,000 and a Per Capita Income of approximately 44,012. The city includes
 significant employment in the following industries: agriculture, manufacturing, tourism and other services. Unemployment was at 3.6 .

The Modesto MSA, with branches in Modesto, Riverbank and Turlock. This MSA had a Population of 0.55 million and a Per Capita Income of approximately 29,195. The MSA includes significant employment in the following sectors: trade,
 transportation utilities, educational health services, and government. Unemployment was at 5.3 .

The Merced MSA, with branches in Hilmar and Merced. This MSA had a Population of 0.29 million and a Per Capita Income of approximately 24,521. The MSA includes significant employment in the following sectors: government, trade,
 transportation utilities, and farming. Unemployment was at 7.4 .

The Oakland-Hayward-Berkeley MSA, with branches in Concord, Walnut Creek, and Oakland. This MSA had a Population of 2.8 million and a Per Capita Income of approximately 53,736. The MSA includes significant employment in the following
 sectors: professional business services, educational health services, trade, and transportation utilities. Unemployment was at 2.8 .

The Napa MSA, with a branch in Napa. This MSA had a Population of 0.14 million and a Per Capita Income of approximately 49,641. The MSA includes significant employment in the following sectors: manufacturing, leisure 
 hospitality, trade, and educational health services. Unemployment was at 3.0 .

Through its network of banking offices, the Company emphasizes personalized service along with a broad range of banking services to businesses and individuals located in the service areas of its offices. Although
 the Company focuses on marketing its services to small and medium-sized businesses, a broad range of retail banking services are also made available to the local consumer market.

The Company offers a wide range of deposit products. These include checking, savings, money market, time certificates of deposit, individual retirement accounts and online banking services for both business and
 personal accounts.

The Company provides a broad complement of lending products, including commercial, commercial real estate, real estate construction, agribusiness, consumer, credit card, residential real estate loans, and equipment
 leases. Commercial products include term loans, leases, lines of credit and other working capital financing and letters of credit. Financing products for individuals include automobile financing, lines of credit, residential real estate, home
 improvement and home equity lines of credit.

The Company also offers a wide range of specialized services designed for the needs of its commercial accounts. These services include a credit card program for merchants, lockbox and other collection services,
 account reconciliation, investment sweep, on-line account access, and electronic funds transfers by way of domestic and international wire and automated clearinghouse.

The Company makes investment products available to customers, including mutual funds and annuities. These investment products are offered through a third party, which employs investment advisors to meet with and
 provide investment advice to the Company s customers.

5 

Table of Contents 

Competition

The banking and financial services industry in California generally, and in the Company s market areas specifically, is highly competitive. The increasingly competitive environment is a result primarily of changes
 in regulation, changes in technology and product delivery systems, and the accelerating pace of consolidation among financial service providers. The Company competes with other major commercial banks, diversified financial institutions, credit
 unions, savings institutions, money market and other mutual funds, mortgage companies, and a variety of other non-banking financial services and advisory companies. Federal legislation encourages competition between different types of financial
 service providers and has fostered new entrants into the financial services market. It is anticipated that this trend will continue. Using the financial holding company structure, insurance companies and securities firms may compete more directly
 with banks and bank holding companies.

Many of our competitors are much larger in total assets and capitalization, have greater access to capital markets and offer a broader range of financial services than the Company. In order to compete with other
 financial service providers, the Company relies upon personal contact by its officers, directors, employees, and stockholders, along with various promotional activities and specialized services. In those instances where the Company is unable to
 accommodate a customer s needs, the Company may arrange for those services to be provided through its correspondents.

The market shares of the Bank and all other banks within the eight counties in California in which we operate, at June 30, 2022 (the most recent data available), as reported by FDIC, are as follows:

F M Bank

All Banks

F M Bank

County

Deposits

Deposits

Deposit Share

(Dollars in thousands)

San Joaquin

2,142,903

16,146,195

13.27

Merced

295,062

3,478,972

8.48

Stanislaus

1,040,376

12,326,338

8.44

Solano

204,523

7,100,485

2.88

Sacramento

669,990

50,151,517

1.34

Contra Costa

398,741

66,591,080

0.60

Napa

22,563

6,050,434

0.37

Alameda

817

72,077,695

0.00

Total

4,774,975

233,922,716

2.04

Human Capital Resources

As of December 31, 2022, we employed 374 full-time-equivalent employees. The Company believes that its employee relations are satisfactory. For the year ended December 31, 2022, salaries and employee benefits
 expense totaled 64 million, representing 69 of our total non-interest expense. Expenses related to education, training, recruiting and placement exceeded 500,000 for the period ended December 31, 2022.

We are led by an experienced management team with substantial experience in the markets we serve and the financial products we offer. Our business strategy focuses on providing products and services through
 long-term relationship managers. As a result, our success depends heavily on the performance of our employees, as well as on our ability to attract, motivate and retain highly qualified employees at all levels of the Company. We believe that our
 work environment contributes to employee satisfaction and retention.

6 

Table of Contents 

We are committed to maintaining a work environment where every employee is treated with dignity and respect, free from the threat of discrimination and harassment. As stated in our Board approved (i) Code of
 Conduct and (ii) Prohibited Harassment Policy, we expect these same standards to apply to all stakeholders, and to our interactions with customers, vendors and independent contractors.

We are firmly committed to providing equal employment and advancement opportunities to all qualified individuals and will not tolerate any discrimination or harassment of any kind. Team members are encouraged to
 immediately report any discrimination or harassment to their supervisor and human resources.

Policies and Planning

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and enforce those values throughout all of our operations. We prohibit discrimination in hiring or advancement against any individual on the basis of race, color,
 religion, gender, sex, national origin, age, marital status, pregnancy, physical or mental disability, genetics, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.

We strive to ensure our team members have access to working conditions that provide a safe and healthy environment, free from work-related injuries and illnesses. Many of our locations employ badges and keypads to
 enter or to enter restricted areas of locations that have a public presence.

Each year our annual planning and budgeting process involves an assessment of staffing levels and skills and results in the development of targets for recruitment and training. In addition, our Board of Directors
 reviews all succession plans in place for key personnel.

Recruitment

We strive to recruit talent from both local educational institutions and the banking industry. The Company has full-time staff dedicated to our recruitment efforts and we utilize many of the major recruitment firms
 and websites. Annually we visit local colleges and universities for job fairs and other recruitment events, which we believe allows us to identify those students who have the skills and aptitudes we need in the Company. The results of these
 efforts has been a consistent flow of candidates to fill our staffing needs as we grow.

Compensation

Salary and Bonuses 

We have job descriptions and salary grade ranges for all of our positions. Annually, we use outside survey firms to provide information on market pay. We also pay performance-based bonuses to our employees. During
 2022, total bonus compensation amounted to over 30 of base salaries. We believe that this pay-for-performance approach allows us to effectively recruit and retain key employees.

Retirement Plans 

All employees are eligible to participate in our Profit Sharing Plan after one year of service and having worked at least 1,000 hours. The Company makes contributions equal to 5 of the employee s eligible
 compensation and discretionary contributions determined annually by the Board of Directors. This is not a matching based program; employees receive these contributions regardless of whether they make individual contributions to our 401(K)
 program. During 2022 total expenses for the Profit Sharing Plan amounted to over 10 of base salaries, a level that we believe helps us in recruitment and retention.

Medical and Other Benefits 

In addition to competitive salaries, incentives and retirement benefits, we provide comprehensive medical, dental, and vision plans, health savings accounts, paid sick time, long-term disability, basic life and
 AD D insurance, flexible spending accounts, and employee assistance and wellness programs.

7 

Table of Contents 

Training

Job Related 

We support team members, should they wish to continue their education in subjects and fields that are directly related to our operations, activities, and objectives. We encourage our team members to pursue
 educational opportunities that will help improve job performance and professional development. To further this goal, we reimburse tuition and certain fees for satisfactory completion of approved educational courses and certain certifications.
 Included are college credit courses at accredited colleges and universities, continuing education courses and certification exams.

Diversity and Inclusion 

To foster a deeper understanding regarding diversity and inclusion, the Company assigns all employees diversity and inclusion training - Diversity Made Simple. The
 diversity course is mandatory for all staff. As of December 31, 2022, all employees had met their diversity and inclusion training obligations.

Harassment Prevention 

The Company assigns all employees prohibitive harassment training. Every two years non-supervisory employees receive one hour of harassment prevention training while
 supervisors receive two hours of harassment prevention training. Newly hired employees are assigned harassment prevention and must complete the training within six months of hire or promotion. Following the initial training, all employees must
 complete training every two years, at minimum. As of December 31, 2022, all employees had met their harassment prevention training requirements for 2022.

Performance Evaluation 

The Company has implemented a Performance Planning, Coaching and Evaluation PPC E system that requires each year that employees and their managers establish detailed goals and objectives. Annually,
 employees are reviewed relative to their progress in achieving those goals, with the objective of reducing performance surprises and encouraging behavior that is consistent with Company objectives. We believe that this PPC E discipline is
 important in retaining and growing our employees.

Government Policies

The Company s profitability, like that of most financial institutions, is significantly dependent on interest rate differentials. The difference between the interest rates paid by the Company on interest-bearing
 liabilities, such as deposits and other borrowings, and the interest rates received by the Company on its interest-earning assets, such as loans and leases extended to its customers and securities held in its investment portfolio, comprise the
 major portion of the Company s earnings. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond the control of the Company and the Bank, such as inflation, recession, unemployment, and the monetary policy of the FRB. The impact that
 changes in economic conditions might have on the Company and the Bank cannot be predicted.

The business of the Company is also influenced by the monetary and fiscal policies of the federal government and the policies of regulatory agencies, particularly the FRB. The FRB implements national monetary
 policies (with objectives such as curbing inflation and maximum employment, stable prices, and moderate long-term interest rates) through its open-market operations in U.S. Government securities by adjusting the required level of reserves for
 depository institutions subject to its reserve requirements, and by varying the target federal funds and discount rates applicable to borrowings by depository institutions.

8 

Table of Contents 

The actions of the FRB in these areas influence the growth of bank loans and leases, investments, and deposits and affect interest rates earned on interest-earning assets and paid on interest-bearing liabilities.
 The nature and impact on the Company of any future changes in monetary and fiscal policies cannot be predicted.

From time to time, legislative acts, as well as regulations, are enacted which have the effect of increasing the cost of doing business, limiting or expanding permissible activities, or affecting the competitive
 balance between banks and other financial services providers. Proposals to change the laws and regulations governing the operations and taxation of banks, bank holding companies, and other financial institutions and financial services providers
 are frequently made in the U.S. Congress, in the state legislatures, and before various regulatory agencies. This legislation may change banking statutes and the operating environment of the Company and the Bank in substantial and unpredictable
 ways. If enacted, such legislation or regulations could increase or decrease the cost of doing business, limit or expand permissible activities or affect the competitive balance among banks, savings institutions, credit unions, and other
 financial institutions. The Company cannot predict whether any of this potential legislation will be enacted, and if enacted, the effect that it, or any implemented regulations, would have on the financial condition or results of operations of
 the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

Supervision and Regulation

General

Bank holding companies and banks are extensively regulated under both federal and state law. The regulation is intended primarily for the protection of the banking system and the Deposit Insurance Fund and
 clients of insured depository institutions and not for the benefit of stockholders of the Company. This supervisory and regulatory framework subjects banks and bank holding companies to regular examination by their respective regulatory
 agencies, which results in examination reports and ratings that, while not publicly available, can affect the conduct and growth of their businesses. These examinations consider not only compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but also
 capital levels, asset quality and risk, management ability and performance, earnings, liquidity, and various other factors. The regulatory agencies generally have broad discretion to impose restrictions and limitations on the operations of a
 regulated entity where the agencies determine, among other things, that such operations are unsafe or unsound, fail to comply with applicable law or are otherwise inconsistent with laws and regulations or with the supervisory policies of these
 agencies.

Set forth below is a summary description of the material laws and regulations, which relate to the operations of the Company and the Bank. This description does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its
 entirety by reference to the applicable laws and regulations.

The Company

The Company is a registered bank holding company and is subject to regulation under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended BHCA ). Accordingly, the Company s operations are subject to extensive
 regulation and examination by the FRB. The Company is required to file with the FRB quarterly and annual reports and such additional information as the FRB may require pursuant to the BHCA. The FRB conducts periodic examinations of the Company.

The FRB may require that the Company terminate an activity, terminate control of, liquidate, or divest certain subsidiaries or affiliates when the FRB believes the activity or the control of the subsidiary or
 affiliate constitutes a significant risk to the financial safety, soundness or stability of any of its banking subsidiaries. The FRB also has the authority to regulate provisions of certain bank holding company debt. Under certain circumstances,
 the Company must file written notice with, and obtain approval from, the FRB prior to purchasing or redeeming its equity securities.

9 

Table of Contents 

Under the BHCA and regulations adopted by the FRB, a bank holding company and its non-banking subsidiaries are prohibited from requiring certain tie-in arrangements in connection with an extension of credit, lease
 or sale of property, or furnishing of services. For example, with certain exceptions, a bank may not condition an extension of credit on a promise by its customer to obtain other services provided by it, its holding company or other subsidiaries,
 or on a promise by its customer not to obtain other services from a competitor. In addition, federal law imposes certain restrictions on transactions between Farmers Merchants Bancorp and its subsidiaries. Further, the Company is required
 by the FRB to maintain certain levels of capital. See Capital Standards. 

The Company is prohibited by the BHCA, except in certain statutorily prescribed instances, from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the outstanding voting shares of any company that
 is not a bank or bank holding company and from engaging directly or indirectly in activities other than those of banking, managing or controlling banks, or furnishing services to its subsidiaries. However, the Company, subject to the prior notice
 to, and/or approval of, the FRB, may engage in any, or acquire shares of companies engaged in, any activities that are deemed by the FRB to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto.

A bank holding company is required to serve as a source of financial and managerial strength to its subsidiary banks and may not conduct its operations in an unsafe or unsound manner. In addition, it is the FRB s
 policy, that in serving as a source of strength to its subsidiary banks, a bank holding company should stand ready to use available resources to provide adequate capital funds to its subsidiary banks during periods of financial stress or
 adversity and should maintain the financial flexibility and capital-raising capacity to obtain additional resources for assisting its subsidiary banks. This support may be required at times when a bank holding company may not be able to provide
 such support. A bank holding company s failure to meet its obligations to serve as a source of strength to its subsidiary banks will generally be considered by the FRB to be an unsafe and unsound banking practice or a violation of the FRB s
 regulations or both.

The Company is not a financial holding company for purposes of the BHCA.

The Company is also a bank holding company within the meaning of the California Financial Code. As such, the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to examination by, and may be required to file reports with, the
 DFPI.

The Company s common stock is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). As such, the Company is subject to the
 reporting, proxy solicitation and other requirements and restrictions of the Exchange Act.

The Bank

The Bank, as a California-chartered non-FRB member bank, is subject to primary supervision, periodic examination and regulation by the DFPI and the FDIC. If, as a result of an examination of the Bank, the FDIC
 should determine that the financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, earnings prospects, management, liquidity, or other aspects of the Bank s operations are unsatisfactory, or that the Bank or its management is violating or has
 violated any law or regulation, various remedies are available to the FDIC.

Such remedies include the power to enjoin unsafe or unsound practices, to require affirmative action to correct any conditions resulting from any violation or practice, to issue an administrative order that can
 be judicially enforced, to direct an increase in capital, to restrict the growth of the Bank, to assess civil monetary penalties, to remove officers and directors, and ultimately to terminate the Bank s deposit insurance, which for a
 California-chartered bank would result in a revocation of the Bank s charter. The DFPI has many of the same remedial powers.

Various requirements and restrictions under the laws of the State of California and the United States affect the operations of the Bank. State and federal statutes and regulations relate to many aspects of the
 Bank s operations, including reserves against deposits, ownership of deposit accounts, interest rates payable on deposits, loans and leases, investments, mergers and acquisitions, borrowings, dividends, locations of branch offices, and capital
 requirements. Further, the Bank is required to maintain certain levels of capital. See Capital Standards. 

10 

Table of Contents 

The Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd Frank Act - The Dodd-Frank Act implemented sweeping reform across the U.S.
 financial regulatory framework, including, among other changes:

creating a Financial Stability Oversight Council tasked with identifying and monitoring systemic risks in the financial system;

creating the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ), which is responsible for implementing, examining and enforcing compliance with federal consumer financial protection laws;

requiring the FDIC to make its capital requirements for insured depository institutions countercyclical, so that capital requirements increase in times of economic expansion and decrease in times of economic contraction;

imposing more stringent capital requirements on bank holding companies and subjecting certain activities, including interstate mergers and acquisitions, to heightened capital conditions;

changing the assessment base for federal deposit insurance from the amount of the insured deposits held by the depository institution to the depository institution s average total consolidated assets less tangible equity, eliminating
 the ceiling on the size of the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund and increasing the floor on the size of the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund;

eliminating all remaining restrictions on interstate banking by authorizing state banks to establish de novo banking offices in any state that would permit a bank chartered in that state to open a banking office at that location;

repealing the federal prohibitions on the payment of interest on demand deposits, thereby permitting depository institutions to pay interest on business transaction and other accounts; and

in the so-called Volcker Rule, subject to numerous exceptions, prohibiting depository institutions and affiliates from certain investments in, and sponsorship of, hedge funds and private equity funds and from engaging in proprietary
 trading.

On May 24, 2018, President Trump signed the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act Economic Growth Act ), which repealed or modified certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank
 Act and eased regulations on all but the largest banks.

The Economic Growth Act s highlights include improving consumer access to mortgage credit that, among other things: (i) exempt banks with less than 10 billion in assets from the ability-to-repay
 requirements for certain qualified residential mortgage loans; (ii) do not require appraisals for certain transactions valued at less than 400,000 in rural areas; (iii) exempt banks and credit unions that originate fewer than 500 open-end and
 500 closed-end mortgages from the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act s HMDA expanded data disclosures (the provision would not apply to nonbanks and would not exempt institutions from HMDA reporting altogether); (iv) amend the SAFE Mortgage
 Licensing Act by providing registered mortgage loan originators in good standing with 120 days of transitional authority to originate loans when moving from a federal depository institution to a non-depository institution or across state lines;
 (v) require the CFPB to clarify how Truth in Lending Disclosure TRID rules apply to mortgage assumption transactions and construction-to-permanent home loans as well as outline certain liabilities related to model disclosure use; and (vi)
 provide that federal banking regulators may not impose higher capital standards on High Volatility Commercial Real Estate exposures unless they are for acquisition, development or construction ADC ), and clarifies ADC status. In addition, the
 Economic Growth Act s highlights also include regulatory relief for certain institutions, including among other things, simplifying capital calculations by requiring regulators to adopt a threshold for a community bank leverage ratio of between
 8 to 10 .

11 

Table of Contents 

Institutions under 10 billion in assets that meet such community bank leverage ratio will automatically be deemed to be well-capitalized , although regulators retain the flexibility to determine
 that a depository institution may not qualify for the community bank leverage ratio test based on the institution s risk profile. The Economic Growth Act also exempts community banks from Section 13 of the BHCA if they have less than 10
 billion in total consolidated assets; and exempts banks with less than 10 billion in assets, and total trading assets and liabilities not exceeding more than five percent of their total assets, from the Volcker Rule restrictions on trading
 with their own capital.

The Economic Growth Act also added certain protections for consumers, including veterans and active duty military personnel, expanded credit freezes and created an identity theft protection
 database. The Economic Growth Act also made changes applicable to bank holding companies, as it raises the threshold for automatic designation as a systemically important financial institution from 50 billion to 250 billion in assets,
 subjects banks with 100 billion to 250 billion in total assets to periodic stress tests, exempts from stress test requirements entirely banks with under 100 billion in assets, and required the federal banking regulators , within 180 days of
 passage, to raise the asset threshold under the Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement from 1 billion to 3 billion. The Economic Growth Act also added certain protections for student borrowers.

Some aspects of the Dodd-Frank Act remain subject to rulemaking and will take effect over several years, making it difficult to anticipate the overall financial impact on us. In addition, the
 Economic Growth Act modified several provisions in the Dodd-Frank Act, but these remain subject to implementing regulations. Although the reforms primarily target systemically important financial service providers (which the Bank is not), the
 Dodd-Frank Act s influence has and is expected to continue to filter down in varying degrees to smaller institutions over time. We will continue to evaluate the effect of the Dodd-Frank Act; however, in many respects, the ultimate impact of the
 Dodd-Frank Act will not be fully known for years, and no current assurance may be given that the Dodd-Frank Act, or any other new legislative changes, will not have a negative impact on the results of operations and financial condition of the
 Company and the Bank.

Capital Standards

The federal banking agencies have risk-based capital adequacy guidelines intended to provide a measure of capital adequacy that reflects the degree of risk associated with a banking organization s
 operations, both for transactions reported on the balance sheet as assets and for transactions, such as letters of credit and recourse arrangements, that are recorded as off-balance sheet items. In 2013, the FRB, FDIC, and Office of the
 Comptroller of the Currency issued final rules (the Basel III Capital Rules establishing a new comprehensive capital framework for U.S. banking organizations.

The rules implement the Basel Committee s December 2010 framework, commonly referred to as Basel III, for strengthening international capital standards, as well as implementing certain provisions
 of the Dodd-Frank Act.

The Basel III Capital Rules became effective for the Company and the Bank on January 1, 2015 (subject to phase-in periods for some of their components). The Basel III Capital Rules: (i) introduce
 a new capital measure called Common Equity Tier 1 CET1 ), and a related regulatory capital ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets; (ii) specify that Tier 1 capital consists of CET1 and Additional Tier 1 capital instruments, which are
 instruments treated as Tier 1 instruments under the prior capital rules that meet certain revised requirements; (iii) mandate that most deductions or adjustments to regulatory capital measures be made to CET1 and not to the other components of
 capital; and (iv) expand the scope of the deductions from and adjustments to capital, as compared to existing regulations. Under the Basel III Capital Rules, for most banking organizations, the most common form of additional Tier 1 capital is
 non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock and the most common form of Tier 2 capital is subordinated notes and a portion of the allowance for credit losses, in each case, subject to the Basel III Capital Rules specific requirements.

12 

Table of Contents 

Under the Basel III Capital Rules, the following are the minimum capital ratios applicable to the Company and the Bank:

4.0 Tier 1 leverage ratio;

4.5 CET1 to risk-weighted assets, plus the capital conservation buffer, effectively resulting in a minimum ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 7 ;

6.0 Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets, plus the capital conservation buffer, effectively resulting in a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 8.5 ; and

8.0 total capital to risk-weighted assets, plus the capital conservation buffer, effectively resulting in a minimum total capital ratio of at least 10.5 .

The Basel III Capital Rules provide for a number of deductions from and adjustments to CET1. These include, for example, the requirement that: (i) mortgage servicing rights, (ii) deferred tax
 assets arising from temporary differences that could not be realized through net operating loss carrybacks, and (iii) significant investments in non-consolidated financial entities be deducted from CET1 to the extent that any one such category
 exceeds 10 of CET1 or all such items, in the aggregate, exceed 15 of CET1. Under the Basel III Capital Rules, the effects of certain accumulated other comprehensive income or loss items are not excluded for the purposes of determining
 regulatory capital ratios; however, non-advanced approaches banking organizations (i.e., banking organizations with less than 250 billion in total consolidated assets or with less than 10 billion of on-balance sheet foreign exposures),
 including the Company and the Bank, may make a one-time permanent election to exclude these items. The Company and the Bank made this election in 2015 in order to avoid significant variations in the level of capital depending upon the impact of
 interest rate fluctuations on the fair value of its available-for-sale investment securities portfolio, changes of which are included in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss.

The Basel III Capital Rules prescribe a standardized approach for risk weightings that expands the risk weighting categories from the previous four Basel I-derived categories (0 , 20 , 50 and
 100 to a larger and more risk-sensitive number of categories, generally ranging from 0 for U.S. Government and agency securities, to 600 for certain equity exposures, depending on the nature of the assets. The Basel III capital rules
 generally result in higher risk weights for a variety of asset classes. Additional aspects of the Basel III Capital Rules that are relevant to the Company and the Bank include:

consistent with the Basel I risk-based capital rules, assigning exposures secured by single-family residential properties to either a 50 risk weight for first-lien mortgages that meet prudent underwriting standards or a 100 risk
 weight category for all other mortgages;

providing for a 20 credit conversion factor for the unused portion of a commitment with an original maturity of one year or less that is not unconditionally cancellable (set at 0 under the Basel I risk-based capital rules);

assigning a 150 risk weight to all exposures that are nonaccrual or 90 days or more past due (set at 100 under the Basel I risk-based capital rules), except for those secured by single-family residential properties, which will be
 assigned a 100 risk weight, consistent with the Basel I risk-based capital rules;

applying a 150 risk weight instead of a 100 risk weight for certain high volatility commercial real estate acquisition, development and construction loans; and

applying a 250 risk weight to the portion of mortgage servicing rights and deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences that could not be realized through net operating loss carrybacks that are not deducted from CET1 capital
 (set at 100 under the Basel I risk-based capital rules).

13 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company s and the Bank s capital ratios exceeded the minimum capital adequacy guideline percentage requirements of the federal banking agencies for a well
 capitalized institution under the Basel III capital rules on a fully phased-in basis. With respect to the Bank, the Basel III capital rules also revise the prompt corrective action regulations pursuant to Section 38 of the FDIA.

In December 2017, the Basel Committee published standards that it described as the finalization of the Basel III post-crisis regulatory reforms, which standards are commonly referred to as Basel
 IV. Among other things, these standards revise the Basel Committee s standardized approach for credit risk (including the recalibration of the risk weights and the introduction of new capital requirements for certain unconditionally
 cancellable commitments, such as unused credit card lines of credit) and provides a new standardized approach for operational risk capital.

Under the Basel framework, these standards were generally effective on January 1, 2022, with an aggregate output floor phasing in through January 1, 2027. Under the current U.S. capital rules,
 operational risk capital requirements and a capital floor apply only to advanced approaches institutions, and not to the Bank. The impact of Basel IV on us will depend on how it is implemented by the federal bank regulators.

Prompt Corrective Action PCA 

The FDIA requires federal banking agencies to take PCA in respect of depository institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. The FDIA includes the following five capital tiers:
 well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized. A depository institution s capital tier will depend upon how its capital levels compare with various relevant
 capital measures and certain other factors, as established by regulation. The Basel III Capital Rules revised the PCA requirements effective January 1, 2015. Under the revised PCA provisions of the FDIA, an insured depository institution
 generally will be classified in the following categories based on the capital measures indicated:

Minimum to be 

 Categorized as 

 "Well 

 Capitalized"

Minimum to be

 Categorized as 

 "Adequately 

 Capitalized"

Under-

 capitalized

Significantly 

 Under-

 capitalized

Critically 

 Under-

 capitalized

Risk-based capital to risk-weighted assets

10.00

+

8.00

+

An institution may be downgraded to, or deemed to be in, a capital category that is lower than indicated by its capital ratios, if it is determined to be operating in an unsafe or unsound
 condition or if it receives an unsatisfactory examination rating with respect to certain matters. A bank s capital category is determined solely for the purpose of applying PCA regulations and the capital category may not constitute an accurate
 representation of the bank s overall financial condition or prospects for other purposes.

The FDIA generally prohibits a depository institution from making any capital distributions (including payment of a dividend) or paying any management fee to its parent holding company, if the
 depository institution would thereafter be undercapitalized. Undercapitalized institutions are subject to growth limitations and are required to submit capital restoration plans. If a depository institution fails to submit an acceptable
 plan, it is treated as if it is significantly undercapitalized. Significantly undercapitalized depository institutions may be subject to a number of requirements and restrictions, including orders to sell sufficient voting stock to become
 adequately capitalized, requirements to reduce total assets, and cessation of receipt of deposits from correspondent banks. Critically undercapitalized institutions are subject to the appointment of a receiver or conservator by the bank
 regulators.

14 

Table of Contents 

The capital classification of a bank holding company and a bank affects the frequency of regulatory examinations, the bank holding company s and the bank s ability to engage in certain activities
 and the deposit insurance premium paid by the bank to the FDIC. As of December 31, 2022, we met the requirements to be classified as well-capitalized based upon the aforementioned ratios for purposes of the PCA regulations, as currently in
 effect.

The Community Bank Leverage Ratio

On November 4, 2019, the federal banking agencies jointly issued a final rule that provides for an optional, simplified measure of capital adequacy, known as the community bank leverage ratio
 CBLR framework, for qualifying community banking organizations consistent with Section 201 of the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act. The CBLR framework is designed to reduce the capital burden by removing the
 requirements for calculating and reporting risk-based capital ratios for qualifying community-banking organizations that opt into the framework. The final rule was effective on January 1, 2020.

In order to qualify for the CBLR framework, a community banking organization must have a tier 1 leverage ratio of greater than 9 , less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets,
 off-balance-sheet exposures of 25 or less of total consolidated assets, and trading assets and liabilities of 5 or less of total consolidated assets. A qualifying community banking organization that opts into the CBLR framework and meets all
 requirements under the framework will be considered to have met the well-capitalized ratio requirements under the PCA regulations. Such a community banking organization would not be subject to other risk-based and leverage capital
 requirements (including the Basel III and Basel IV requirements). The CBLR is determined by dividing a financial institution s tangible equity capital by its average total consolidated assets. The rule describes what is included in tangible
 equity capital and average total consolidated assets. The CBLR framework was available for banks to use in their March 31, 2020, call report. A CBLR bank that ceases to meet any of the qualifying criteria in a future period but maintains a
 leverage ratio greater than 8 will be allowed a grace period of two reporting periods to satisfy the CBLR qualifying criteria or to otherwise comply with the generally applicable capital requirements. Further, a CBLR bank may opt out of the
 framework at any time, without restriction, by reverting to the generally applicable capital requirements. The Company and Bank did not opt into the CBLR framework.

Anti-Money Laundering and Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation

Title III of the United and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the Patriot Act ), is designed to deny terrorists and criminals the
 ability to obtain access to the U.S. financial system and has significant implications for depository institutions, brokers, dealers and other businesses involved in the transfer of money.

The Patriot Act mandates financial services companies to have policies and procedures with respect to measures designed to address any or all of the following matters: (i) customer identification programs; (ii)
 money laundering; (iii) terrorist financing; (iv) identifying and reporting suspicious activities and currency transactions; (v) currency crimes; and (vi) cooperation between financial institutions and law enforcement authorities. Regulatory
 authorities routinely examine financial institutions for compliance with these obligations, and failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, or to comply with
 all of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the institution, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory
 approval is required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required. Regulatory authorities have imposed cease and desist orders and civil money penalties against institutions found to be violating these obligations.

The U.S. Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions against targeted foreign countries and regimes under authority of various laws, including
 designated foreign countries, nationals and others. OFAC publishes lists of specially designated targets and countries. Financial institutions are responsible for, among other things, blocking accounts of and transactions with such targets and
 countries, prohibiting unlicensed trade and financial transactions with them and reporting blocked transactions after their occurrence. Banking regulators examine banks for compliance with the economic sanctions regulations administered by OFAC,
 and failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate OFAC programs, or to comply with all of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the institution.

15 

Table of Contents 

Privacy Restrictions

The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act GLBA requires financial institutions in the U.S. to provide certain privacy disclosures to customers and consumers, to comply with certain restrictions on the sharing and usage of
 personally identifiable information, and to implement and maintain commercially reasonable customer information safeguarding standards.

The Company believes that it complies with all provisions of the GLBA and all implementing regulations and that the Bank has developed appropriate policies and procedures to meet its responsibilities in connection
 with the privacy provisions of the GLBA.

Dividends and Other Transfer of Funds

Dividends from the Bank constitute the principal source of cash to the Company. The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank. The Bank is subject to various statutory and regulatory
 restrictions on its ability to pay dividends to the Company. Under such restrictions, the amount available for payment of dividends to the Company by the Bank totaled 141.2 million at December 31, 2022. During 2022, the Bank paid 34.7 million
 in dividends to the Company.

The FDIC and the DFPI also have authority to prohibit the Bank from engaging in activities that, in their opinion, constitute unsafe or unsound practices in conducting its business. It is possible, depending upon
 the financial condition of the bank in question and other factors, that the FDIC or the DFPI could assert that the payment of dividends or other payments might, under some circumstances, be an unsafe or unsound practice. Further, the FRB and the
 FDIC have established guidelines with respect to the maintenance of appropriate levels of capital by banks and bank holding companies under their jurisdiction. Compliance with the standards set forth in such guidelines and the restrictions that
 are or may be imposed under the PCA provisions of federal law could limit the amount of dividends that the Bank or the Company may pay. An insured depository institution is prohibited from paying management fees to any controlling persons or,
 with certain limited exceptions, making capital distributions if after such transaction the institution would be undercapitalized. The DFPI may impose similar limitations on the Bank. See Prompt Corrective Action and Capital Standards , above,
 for a discussion of these additional restrictions on capital distributions.

Transactions with Affiliates

The Bank is subject to certain restrictions imposed by federal law on any extensions of credit to, or the issuance of a guarantee or letter of credit on behalf of the Company or other affiliates, the purchase of,
 or investments in, stock or other securities of the Company or other affiliates, the taking of such securities as collateral for loans and leases, and the purchase of assets of the Company or other affiliates. Such restrictions prevent the
 Company and other affiliates from borrowing from the Bank unless the loans are secured by marketable obligations of designated amounts. Further, such secured loans and investments by the Bank to or in the Company or to or in any other affiliates
 are limited, individually, to 10 of the Bank s capital and surplus (as defined by federal regulations), and such secured loans and investments are limited, in the aggregate as to all affiliates, to 20 of the Bank s capital and surplus (as
 defined by federal regulations).

In addition, the Company and its operating subsidiaries generally may not purchase a low-quality asset from an affiliate, and other specified transactions between the Company or its operating subsidiaries and an
 affiliate must be on terms and conditions that are consistent with safe and sound banking practices.

16 

Table of Contents 

Also, the Bank and its operating subsidiaries may engage in transactions with affiliates only on terms and under conditions that are substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the Bank or its subsidiaries,
 as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with (or that in good faith would be offered to) non-affiliated companies. California law also imposes certain restrictions with respect to transactions with affiliates. Additionally,
 limitations involving the transactions with affiliates may be imposed on the Bank under the PCA provisions of federal law. See Prompt Corrective Action. 

Safety and Soundness Standards

The federal banking agencies have adopted guidelines that establish operational and managerial standards to promote the safety and soundness of federally insured depository institutions. The
 guidelines set forth standards for internal controls, information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation; credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, compensation, fees and benefits, asset quality and earnings.

In general, the safety and soundness guidelines prescribe the goals to be achieved in each area, and each institution is responsible for establishing its own procedures to achieve those goals. If
 an institution fails to comply with any of the standards set forth in the guidelines, the financial institution s primary federal regulator may require the institution to submit a plan for achieving and maintaining compliance. If a financial
 institution fails to submit an acceptable compliance plan, or fails in any material respect to implement a compliance plan that has been accepted by its primary federal regulator, the regulator is required to issue an order directing the
 institution to cure the deficiency. Until the deficiency cited in the regulator s order is cured, the regulator may restrict the financial institution s rate of growth, require the financial institution to increase its capital, restrict the
 rates the institution pays on deposits or require the institution to take any action the regulator deems appropriate under the circumstances. Noncompliance with the standards established by the safety and soundness guidelines may also
 constitute grounds for other enforcement action by the federal bank regulatory agencies, including cease and desist orders and civil money penalty assessments.

Since the financial crisis of 2008-2009, the bank regulatory agencies have increasingly emphasized the importance of sound risk management processes and strong internal controls when evaluating
 the activities of the financial institutions they supervise. Properly managing risks has been identified as critical to the conduct of safe and sound banking activities and has become even more important as new technologies, product innovation,
 and the size and speed of financial transactions have changed the nature of banking markets. The agencies have identified a spectrum of risks facing a banking institution including, but not limited to, credit, market, liquidity, operational,
 legal, and reputational risk.

In particular, regulatory pronouncements in the past few years have focused on operational risk, which arises from the potential that inadequate information systems, operational problems, breaches
 in internal controls, fraud, or unforeseen catastrophes will result in unexpected losses. New products and services, third-party risk management and cyber-security are critical sources of operational risk that financial institutions are
 expected to address in the current environment. The Bank is expected to have active board and senior management oversight; adequate policies, procedures, and limits; adequate risk measurement, monitoring, and management information systems; and
 comprehensive internal controls.

Deposit Insurance

As an FDIC-insured institution, the Bank is required to pay deposit insurance premium assessments to the FDIC. The premiums fund the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF ). The FDIC assesses a quarterly
 deposit insurance premium on each insured institution based on risk characteristics of the institution and may also impose special assessments in emergency situations. Effective July 1, 2016, the FDIC changed the deposit insurance assessment
 system for banks, such as the Bank, with less than 10 billion in assets that have been federally insured for at least five years. Among other changes, the FDIC eliminated risk categories for such banks and now uses the financial ratios method 
 to determine assessment rates for all such banks. Under the financial ratios method, the FDIC determines assessment rates based on a combination of financial data and supervisory ratings that estimate a bank s probability of failure within three
 years. The assessment rate determined by considering such information is then applied to the amount of the institution s average assets minus average tangible equity to determine the institution s insurance premium.

17 

Table of Contents 

On October 18, 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule, applicable to all insured depository institutions to increase the initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules uniformly
 by two basis points consistent with the Amended Restoration Plan approved by the FDIC on June 21, 2022. The FDIC indicated that it was taking this action in order to restore the Deposit Insurance Fund
 (DIF) reserve ratio to the required statutory minimum of 1.35 by the statutory deadline of September 30, 2028. The FDIC said that the reserve ratio had declined below this level because of the increase in
 insured deposits since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic and other factors that affect the level of the DIF. Under the final rule, the increase in rates will begin with the first quarterly assessment period of 2023 and will remain in effect
 unless and until the reserve ratio meets or exceeds 2 in order to support growth in the DIF in progressing toward the FDIC s long-term goal of a 2 reserve ratio. The increase in assessment rates will apply to F M Bank and is
 projected to have an insignificant effect on the Company s capital levels and net income.

The Bank s FDIC premiums were 1.4 million, 1.2 million, and 517,000 for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. In 2020, the Bank s FDIC premiums were reduced by a one-time small
 bank assessment credit applied by the FDIC. This assessment credit was not available in 2021 or 2022. Future increases in insurance premiums could have adverse effects on the operating expenses and results of operations of the Company.
 Management cannot predict what the FDIC insurance assessment rates will be in the future.

Insurance of a bank s deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has
 violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order, or condition imposed by the FDIC or the Bank s primary regulator. Management of the Company is not aware of any practice, condition or violation that might lead to termination of the Company s
 deposit insurance.

Community Reinvestment Act CRA and Fair Lending

The Bank is subject to certain fair lending requirements involving lending, investing, and other CRA activities. CRA requires each insured depository institution to identify the communities served by the
 institution s offices and to identify the types of credit and investments the institution is prepared to extend within such communities including low and moderate-income neighborhoods. It also requires the institution s regulators to assess the
 institution s performance in meeting the credit needs of its community and to consider such assessment in reviewing applications for mergers, acquisitions, relocation of existing branches, opening of new branches, and other transactions. A bank
 may be subject to substantial penalties and corrective measures for a violation of certain fair lending laws.

A bank s compliance with the Community Reinvestment Act is assessed using an evaluation system, which bases CRA ratings on an institution s lending, service and investment performance. An unsatisfactory rating may
 be the basis for denying a merger application. The Bank s latest CRA examination was completed by the FDIC in August 2022 and the Bank received an overall Outstanding rating in complying with its CRA obligations. On May 5, 2022, the FDIC, Board
 of Governors of the Federal Reserve System FRB and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC announced a proposal to modernize the agencies regulations under the CRA that have not been substantively updated for over 25 years. As
 of the date hereof, a final rule has not been issued.

Consumer Protection Regulations

Banks and other financial institutions are subject to numerous laws and regulations intended to protect consumers in their transactions with banks. These laws include, among others, laws regarding
 unfair and deceptive acts and practices and usury laws, as well as the following consumer protection statutes: Truth in Lending Act, Truth in Savings Act, Electronic Fund Transfer Act, Expedited Funds Availability Act, Equal Credit Opportunity
 Act, Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act, Fair Housing Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act, Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, Right to Financial Privacy Act, Servicemembers Civil Relief
 Act, Military Lending Act and Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act.

18 

Table of Contents 

Many states and local jurisdictions have consumer protection laws analogous, and in addition, to those listed above. These federal, state and local laws regulate the manner in which financial
 institutions deal with customers when taking deposits, making loans or conducting other types of transactions. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations could give rise to regulatory sanctions, customer rescission rights, action by state
 and local attorneys general and civil or criminal liability. Failure to comply with consumer protection requirements may also result in our failure to obtain any required bank regulatory approval for merger or acquisition transactions we may wish
 to pursue or our prohibition from engaging in such transactions even if approval is not required.

The structure of federal consumer protection regulation applicable to all providers of consumer financial products and services changed significantly on July 21, 2011, when the CFPB commenced
 operations to supervise and enforce federal consumer protection laws. The consumer protection provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and the examination, supervision and enforcement of those laws and implementing regulations by the CFPB have created
 a more intense and complex environment for consumer finance regulation. The CFPB has significant authority to implement and enforce federal consumer protection laws and new requirements for financial services products provided for in the
 Dodd-Frank Act, as well as the authority to identify and prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices. The review of products and practices to prevent such acts and practices is a continuing focus of the CFPB, and of banking
 regulators more broadly. The ultimate impact of this heightened scrutiny is uncertain but could result in changes to pricing, practices, products and procedures. It could also result in increased costs related to regulatory oversight,
 supervision and examination, additional remediation efforts and possible penalties. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act provides the CFPB with broad supervisory, examination and enforcement authority over various consumer financial products and
 services, including the ability to require reimbursements and other payments to customers for alleged legal violations and to impose significant penalties, as well as injunctive relief that prohibits lenders from engaging in allegedly unlawful
 practices. The CFPB also has the authority to obtain cease and desist orders providing for affirmative relief or monetary penalties. The Dodd-Frank Act does not prevent states from adopting stricter consumer protection standards. State
 regulation of financial products and potential enforcement actions could also adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.

The CFPB is authorized to issue rules for both bank and non-bank companies that offer consumer financial products and services, subject to consultation with the prudential banking regulators. In
 general, however, banks with assets of 10 billion or less, such as the Bank, will continue to be examined for consumer compliance by their primary bank regulator.

Notice and Approval Requirements Related to Control

Banking laws impose notice, approval and ongoing regulatory requirements on any stockholder or other party that seeks to acquire direct or indirect "control" of an FDIC-insured depository institution. These laws
 include the BHCA and the Change in Bank Control Act. Among other things, these laws require regulatory filings by a stockholder or other party that seeks to acquire direct or indirect "control" of an FDIC-insured depository institution or bank
 holding company. The determination whether an investor "controls" a depository institution is based on all of the facts and circumstances surrounding the investment. As a general matter, a party is deemed to control a depository institution or
 other company if the party owns or controls 25 or more of any class of voting stock. Subject to rebuttal, a party may be presumed to control a depository institution or other company if the investor owns or controls 10 or more of any class of
 voting stock. Ownership by family members, affiliated parties, or parties acting in concert, is typically aggregated for these purposes. If a party's ownership of the Company were to exceed certain thresholds, the investor could be deemed to
 "control" the Company for regulatory purposes. This could subject the investor to regulatory filings or other regulatory consequences.

19 

Table of Contents 

In addition, except under limited circumstances, bank holding companies are prohibited from acquiring, without prior approval:

control of any other bank or bank holding company or all or substantially all the assets thereof; or

more than 5 of the voting shares of a bank or bank holding company which is not already a subsidiary.

Incentive Compensation

In 2010, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued comprehensive guidance intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations do not undermine the safety and
 soundness of those organizations by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The incentive compensation guidance sets expectations for banking organizations concerning their incentive compensation arrangements and related risk-management, control and
 governance processes. The incentive compensation guidance, which covers all employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile of an organization, either individually or as part of a group, is based upon three primary
 principles: (1) balanced risk-taking incentives; (2) compatibility with effective controls and risk management; and (3) strong corporate governance. Any deficiencies in compensation practices that are identified may be incorporated into the
 organization s supervisory ratings, which can affect its ability to make acquisitions or take other actions. In addition, under the incentive compensation guidance, a banking organization s federal supervisor may initiate enforcement action if
 the organization s incentive compensation arrangements pose a risk to the safety and soundness of the organization.

In 2016, several federal financial agencies (including the FRB and FDIC) re-proposed restrictions on incentive-based compensation pursuant to Section 956 of the Dodd-Frank Act for financial
 institutions with 1 billion or more in total consolidated assets.

For institutions with at least 1 billion but less than 50 billion in total consolidated assets, the proposal would impose principles-based restrictions that are broadly consistent with existing
 interagency guidance on incentive-based compensation. Such institutions would be prohibited from entering into incentive compensation arrangements that encourage inappropriate risks by the institution: (i) by providing an executive officer,
 employee, director, or principal shareholder with excessive compensation, fees, or benefits; or (ii) that could lead to material financial loss to the institution. The comment period for these proposed regulations has closed, but a final rule
 has not been published. Depending upon the outcome of the rule making process, the application of this rule to us could require us to revise our compensation strategy, increase our administrative costs and adversely affect our ability to
 recruit and retain qualified employees. Further, as discussed above, the Basel III Capital Rules limit discretionary bonus payments to bank executives if the institution s regulatory capital ratios fail to exceed certain thresholds that started
 being phased in on January 1, 2016.

Available Information

Company reports filed with the SEC including the annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and ownership reports filed by directors, executive
 officers and principal stockholders can be accessed through the Company s website at http://www.fmbonline.com. The link to the SEC is on the About Us page. The Company s reports may also be accessed at
 the SEC s Internet website (http://www.sec.gov).

20 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors

An investment in our common stock is subject to risks inherent in our business. The material risks and uncertainties that management believes may affect our business are described below. Before
 making an investment decision, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below together with all of the other information included or incorporated by reference in this 10-K Report. The risks and uncertainties described
 below are not the only ones facing our business. Additional risks and uncertainties that management is not aware of or focused on or that management currently deems immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks
 actually occur, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. If this were to happen, the value of our common stock could decline significantly, and you could lose all or part of your investment.

Risks Related to COVID-19 Pandemic

The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in early 2020 caused a significant global economic downturn which adversely affected our business and results of operations.

In late 2021 and early 2022, as vaccination rates increased across the markets we serve and governmental restrictions were eased, economic activity began to improve, and at the current time COVID-19 is not having
 any material adverse impact on our business activities and financial results. However, the COVID-19 virus continues to develop new strains and no assurances can be given that these or other variants of the virus will not lead to future
 governmental restrictions on economic activity or have other materially adverse effects on the local and national economy and our business.

Even if the COVID-19 outbreak continues to subside locally and nationally, we may experience material adverse impacts to our business as a result of the continuing global economic impact of the virus.

For additional information regarding the COVID-19 pandemic and its consequences for our business, see COVID-19 (Coronavirus) Disclosure above in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Risks Relating to the Industry and Geographic Area in Which We Operate and the U.S. Economy

As a financial services company, our business and operations may be adversely affected by weak economic conditions. Our business operations, which
 primarily consist of lending money to clients in the form of loans, borrowing money from clients in the form of deposits and investing in securities, are sensitive to general business and economic conditions in the United States. If the U.S.
 economy weakens, our growth and profitability from our lending, deposit and investment operations could be constrained. In addition, economic conditions in foreign countries could affect the stability of global financial markets, which could
 hinder U.S. economic growth. Our business is also significantly affected by monetary and related policies of the U.S. federal government and its agencies. Changes in any of these policies are influenced by macroeconomic conditions and other
 factors that are beyond our control. Adverse economic conditions and government policy responses to such conditions could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operations.

A large portion of our loan portfolio is tied to the real estate market where we operate and we may be negatively impacted by downturns in that market. A
 significant percentage of our loans are real estate related, consisting of loans for construction and land development projects, and for the purchase, improvement or refinancing of residential and commercial real estate. A downturn in the real
 estate market could increase loan delinquencies, defaults and foreclosures, and significantly impair the value of our collateral and our ability to sell the collateral upon foreclosure. Real estate collateral provides an alternate source of
 repayment in the event of default by the client and may deteriorate in value during the time the credit is extended. If values decline, it is also more likely that we would be required to increase our allowance for credit losses. If during a
 period of reduced real estate values we are required to liquidate the property collateralizing a loan to satisfy the debt or to increase our allowance for credit losses, it could materially reduce our profitability and adversely affect our
 financial condition.

21 

Table of Contents 

Although only 4.7 of our loan portfolio consisted of real estate construction, and acquisition and land development loans as of December 31, 2022, such loans generally have a higher degree of risk than long-term
 financing of existing properties because repayment depends on the completion of the project and usually on the sale or long term financing of the property. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, an impact on the ability of our
 clients to complete these projects on time and within budget, particularly with respect to access to materials and labor and costs of the same. In addition, these loans are often interest-only loans, which normally require only the payment of
 interest accrued prior to maturity. Interest-only loans carry greater risk than other loans because no principal is paid prior to maturity. This risk is particularly apparent during periods of rising interest rates and declining real estate
 values. If there is a significant decline in the real estate market due to a material increase in interest rates or for other reasons, many of these loans could default and result in foreclosure. If we are forced to foreclose on a project prior
 to completion, we may not be able to recover the entire unpaid portion of the loan or we may be required to fund additional money to complete the project or hold the property for an indeterminate period. In addition, real estate exposes us to
 incurring costs and liabilities for environmental contamination and remediation. Any of these outcomes may result in losses and reduce our earnings.

The FDIC has given guidance recommending that if the sum of (i) certain categories of CRE loans and (ii) acquisition, development and construction loans ADC loans exceeds 300 of total risk-based capital, or if
 ADC loans exceed 100 of total risk- based capital, heightened risk management practices should be employed to mitigate risk. As of December 31, 2022, our ratio for the sum of CRE and ADC loans was 190 and our ratio for ADC loans was 32.27 . 
 Our concentration in ADC loans is cyclical and tends to increase in the second and third quarters of each year as demand for ADC loans increases. An increase in ADC loan concentration could cause our ratio for ADC loans to increase and even
 exceed the FDIC s guideline. We have exceeded these guidance ratios at times in the past and may do so in the future. We actively monitor and believe that we effectively manage our CRE and ADC loan concentrations. If we exceed the FDIC s
 guidelines and do not effectively manage the risk of our CRE and ADC loans, we may be subject to regulatory scrutiny, including a requirement to raise additional capital, reduce our loan concentrations, or undertake other remedial actions.

We could suffer material credit losses if we do not appropriately manage our credit risk. There are risks inherent in making any loan, including risks
 in dealing with individual clients, risks of non-payment, risks resulting from uncertainties as to the future value of collateral and risks resulting from changes in economic and industry conditions. Changes in the economy may cause the
 assumptions that we made at origination to change and may cause clients to be unable to make payments on their loans. There is no assurance that our credit risk monitoring and loan approval procedures are or will be adequate to address the
 inherent risks associated with lending. Any failure to manage such risks may materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

The small to medium-sized businesses that we lend to may have fewer resources to weather adverse business and economic developments, which may impair their
 ability to repay a loan, and such impairment could adversely affect our operations and financial condition. Our business strategy targets primarily small to medium-sized businesses, which
 frequently have smaller market shares than their competition, may be more vulnerable to economic downturns, often need substantial additional capital to expand or compete, and may experience substantial volatility in operating results, any of
 which may impair a client s ability to repay a loan.

The success of a small to medium-sized business often depends on the management skills, talents and efforts of one or a small number of people, and the death, disability or resignation of one or more of these
 people could have a material adverse impact on the business and its ability to repay its loan. If general economic conditions negatively affect California and small to medium-sized businesses are adversely affected or our clients are otherwise
 affected by adverse business conditions or developments, our business, financial condition and operations could be adversely affected.

22 

Table of Contents 

Our profitability depends on interest rates generally, and we may be adversely affected by changes in market interest rates. Our profitability depends in
 substantial part on our net interest income. Our net interest income depends on many factors that are partly or completely outside of our control, including competition, monetary and fiscal policies, and economic conditions generally. Our net
 interest income will be adversely affected if market interest rates change so that the interest we pay on deposits and borrowings increases faster than the interest we earn on loans and investments. In addition, an increase in interest rates
 could adversely affect clients ability to pay the principal or interest on existing loans or reduce their borrowings. This may lead to an increase in our non-performing assets, a decrease in loan originations, or a reduction in the value of and
 income from our loans, any of which could have a material and negative effect on our operations. Fluctuations in market rates and other market disruptions are neither predictable nor controllable and may adversely affect our financial condition
 and earnings.

During 2022, inflationary pressures began to affect many aspects of the U.S. economy, including gasoline and fuel prices, and global and domestic supply-chain issues have also had a disruptive effect on many
 industries, including the agricultural industry. In response, the FRB increased short-term interest rates by 4.25 in 2022, and further increases are generally expected in 2023. The impact of these developments on the business of our clients and
 on our business cannot be predicted with certainty but could present challenges in 2023 and beyond.

Beginning in 2021, the U.S. economy began to reflect relatively rapid rates of increase in the consumer price index and other economic indices; a prolonged
 elevated rate of inflation could present risks for the U.S. banking industry and our business. During the latter part of 2021 and into 2022, the U.S. economy exhibited relatively rapid rates of increase in the consumer price index and
 other economic indices. Pandemic-related supply chain disruptions may be contributing to this development. If the U.S. economy encounters a significant, prolonged rate of inflation, this could pose higher relative risks to the banking industry
 and our business. Such inflationary periods have historically corresponded with relatively weaker earnings and higher loan losses for banks.

In the past, inflationary environments have caused financing conditions to tighten and have increased borrowing costs for some marginal borrowers, which, in turn, has impacted bank credit quality and loan growth.

Additionally, a sustained period of inflation could prompt broad-based selling of longer-duration, fixed-rate debt, which could have negative implications for equity and real estate markets. Small businesses and
 leveraged loan borrowers can be challenged in a materially higher-rate environment. Higher interest rates can also present challenges for commercial real estate projects, pressuring valuations and loan-to-value ratios.

In addition, the outbreak of hostilities between Russia and Ukraine and global reactions thereto have increased U.S. domestic and global energy prices. Oil supply disruptions related to the Russia-Ukraine
 conflict, and sanctions and other measures taken by the U.S. or its allies, have led to higher costs for gas, food and goods in the U.S. and exacerbated the inflationary pressures on the economy, with potentially adverse impacts on our customers
 and on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

We face strong competition from banks, credit unions and other financial services providers that offer banking services, which may limit our ability to attract
 and retain banking clients. Competition in the banking industry generally, and in our geographic market specifically, is strong. Competitors include banks, as well as other financial services providers, such as savings and loan
 institutions, consumer finance companies, brokerage firms, insurance companies, credit unions, mortgage banks and other financial intermediaries. Our competitors include several larger national and regional financial institutions whose greater
 resources may afford them a marketplace advantage inasmuch as they may offer a wider array of banking services at better rates and be able to target a broader client base through more extensive promotional and advertising campaigns. Moreover,
 larger competitors may not be as vulnerable as we are to downturns in the local economy and real estate market since they have a broader geographic area and their loan portfolio is more diversified. While our deposit base has increased, several
 banks have grown their deposit market share in our markets faster than we have resulting in a declining relative deposit market share for us in our existing markets. We believe our declining relative market share in deposits has resulted
 primarily from aggressive marketing and advertising, in-migration of more competitors, expanded delivery channels and more attractive rates offered by larger bank competitors. We also compete against community banks, credit unions and non-bank
 financial services companies that have strong local ties. These smaller institutions are likely to cater to the same small to medium-sized businesses that we target. Additionally, financial technology companies allow clients to obtain loans via
 the Internet in an expeditious manner and have become competitors. If we are unable to attract and retain customers, we may be unable to continue to grow our loan and deposit portfolios and our operations and financial condition may otherwise be
 adversely affected. Ultimately, we may be unable to compete successfully against current and future competitors.

23 

Table of Contents 

Our financial results may be impacted by the cyclicality and seasonality of our agricultural lending business. The Company has provided financing to
 agricultural customers in the mid Central Valley of California throughout its history. We recognize the cyclical nature of the industry, often caused by fluctuating commodity prices, changing climatic conditions and the availability of seasonal
 labor, and manage these risks accordingly. The Company remains committed to providing credit to agricultural customers and will always have a material exposure to this industry. Although the Company s loan portfolio is believed to be well
 diversified, at various times during 2022 a significant portion of the Company s loans (as much as 29.8 were outstanding to agricultural borrowers. Commitments are well diversified across various commodities, including dairy, grapes, walnuts,
 almonds, cherries, apples, pears, and various row crops. Additionally, many individual borrowers are themselves diversified across commodity types, reducing their exposure, and therefore the Company s, to cyclical downturns in any one commodity.

The Company s service areas can also be significantly impacted by the seasonal operations of the agricultural industry. As a result, the Company s financial results can be influenced by the banking needs of its
 agricultural customers. Generally speaking, during the spring and summer customers draw down their deposit balances and increase loan borrowings to fund the purchase of equipment and the planting of crops. Deposit balances are replenished and
 loans repaid in late fall and winter as crops are harvested and sold. Disruptions in the global supply chain arising from the COVID-19 pandemic may adversely affect the ability of some of our agricultural customers to efficiently export their
 agricultural products and in turn may adversely affect their results of operations or financial condition and their ability to repay loans we have made to them.

The impact of climate change and governmental and societal responses to climate change, including on the availability of water and the transition to a low-carbon
 economy, could adversely affect our business and our clients businesses. Despite the fact that 2023 began with significant levels of precipitation in California, the State has experienced severe drought conditions at times over the
 past several years. These weather patterns reinforce the fact that the long-term risks associated with the availability of water are significant. The farming belt of the Central Valley is often cited as an example of an area that experienced
 extreme drought. However, not all areas of the state are impacted equally, and this is particularly true in the Central Valley, which stretches some 450 miles from Bakersfield in the south to Redding in the north. The vast majority of the
 Company s agricultural customers are located in the mid Central Valley, an area that benefits from the drainage of the Sacramento, American, Mokelumne and Stanislaus rivers.

In addition to the impact of climate has on the availability of water, State and Federal regulators ultimately manage this resource, which may also impact that access of our customers water. For example, in 2014,
 the State of California passed the Sustainable Groundwater Management Act. All Water Districts must develop plans to comply with the Act, including groundwater recharge programs. Although the exact impact of compliance is not currently known, and
 even prior to 2014 most of the water districts in the Bank s service area had been developing and implementing management plans, it is possible that some water districts will have to ultimately fallow some ground to achieve compliance with the
 Act.

24 

Table of Contents 

Additional legislation and regulatory requirements and changes in consumer preferences, including those associated with the transition to a low-carbon economy, could increase expenses of, or otherwise adversely
 impact, the Company, its businesses or its customers. We and our customers may face cost increases, asset value reductions, operating process changes, reduced availability of insurance, and the like, as a result of governmental actions or
 societal responses to climate change. New and/or more stringent regulatory requirements relating to climate change or environmental sustainability could materially affect the Company s results of operations by increasing our compliance costs.
 Regulatory changes or market shifts to low-carbon products could also impact the creditworthiness of some of our customers or reduce the value of assets securing loans, which may require the Company to adjust our lending portfolios and business
 strategies.

Changes to LIBOR may adversely affect the value of, and the return on, our financial instruments that are indexed to LIBOR . In July 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA which regulates LIBOR announced that it would stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after 2021 . In March 2021, the FCA and LIBOR s administrator, ICE Benchmarks Administration, announced that LIBOR would no longer be provided (i) for the one-week and two-month U.S. dollar settings and for various foreign currency settings after
 December 31, 2021, and (ii) for the remaining U.S. dollar settings after June 30, 2023. In addition, the FRB issued guidance urging market participants in the U.S. to cease using LIBOR as a reference rate for new contracts entered into after
 December 31, 2021. There are on-going efforts to establish an alternative reference rate to LIBOR. The Secured Overnight Financing Rate (or SOFR) published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the FRBNY is considered a likely alternative
 reference rate suitable for replacing LIBOR. SOFR is a broad measure of the cost of overnight borrowings collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities. The Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a group of private-market participants convened by
 the FRBNY to help ensure a successful transition from U.S. dollar LIBOR to a new reference rate, has recommended adoption of SOFR as the alternative reference rate. The scope of the acceptance of SOFR and the consequent impact on rates,
 pricing, the value and liquidity of our financial instruments and liquidity of such instruments and the ability to manage risk, including through derivatives, remain uncertain at this time. While some of our existing products or contracts
 include fallback provisions to alternative reference rates, other products or contracts may not include adequate fallback provisions and may require consent of all parties to any modification. The market transition from LIBOR and similar
 benchmarks could adversely affect the return on and pricing, liquidity and value of our outstanding products and contracts, cause market dislocations, increase the cost of and access to capital and increase the risk of disputes and litigation
 in connection with the interpretation and enforceability of our outstanding products and contracts. 

Failure of the U.S. Congress to increase the federal government s debt limit could have material and adverse impacts on the U.S. and global economies and our business. Discussions are occurring between the
 Administration and the Republican-controlled House of Representatives regarding the increase in the federal government s statutory debt limit that is expected to be required later in 2023 in order to allow the U.S. to meet its outstanding
 obligations, including on its borrowings. If the debt limit were not raised and the U.S. were to default on its obligations, there could be material and adverse impacts on the U.S. and global economies with consequent impacts on the business of
 our customers and our business. Reductions of the ratings on U.S. sovereign debt as a result of issues over the debt ceiling could also have material and adverse impacts on the U.S. economy.

Risks Related to Our Growth

If we are not able to maintain our past levels of growth, our future prospects and competitive position could be diminished and our profitability could be
 reduced. We may not be able to sustain our deposit, loan, and asset growth at the rate we have attained during the past several years, including the significant deposit growth experienced since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. Our
 growth over the past several years has been driven primarily by agricultural and commercial real estate growth in our market areas, growth in non-real estate agricultural and commercial loans, commercial leasing, and residential real estate. A
 failure to attract and retain high performing employees, heightened competition from other financial services providers, and an inability to attract additional core deposits and lending clients, among other factors, could limit our ability to
 grow as rapidly as we have in the past and as such could have a negative effect on our financial condition and operations.

25 

Table of Contents 

If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, we may incur higher than anticipated costs, and our ability to execute our growth strategy could be impaired. 
 It is our objective to continue to grow our assets and deposits by increasing our product and service offerings and expanding our operations organically. Our ability to manage growth successfully will depend on our ability to (i) identify
 suitable markets for expansion; (ii) attract and retain qualified management; (iii) attract funding to support additional growth; (iv) maintain asset quality and cost controls; (v) maintain adequate regulatory capital and profitability to support
 our lending activities; and (vi) may include finding attractive acquisition targets and successfully acquire and integrate the acquisitions in an efficient manner. If we do not manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to realize the
 benefit from our investments in technology, infrastructure, and personnel that we have made to support our expansion. In addition, we may incur higher costs and realize less revenue growth, which would reduce our earnings and diminish our future
 prospects. Failing to maintain effective financial and operational controls, as we grow, such as appropriate loan underwriting procedures, adequate allowances for credit losses and compliance with regulatory requirements could have a negative
 effect on our financial condition and operations, such as increased credit losses, reduced earnings and potential regulatory restrictions on growth.

Entering new market areas, new lines of business, or new products and services may subject us to additional risks. A failure to successfully manage these risks
 may have a material adverse effect on our business. As part of our growth strategy, we have implemented and may continue to enter new market areas and new lines of business. We have expanded into the East Bay area of San Francisco and
 Napa, which are relatively new market areas for us. We introduced commercial equipment leasing as a new product line a few years ago. There are risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts, particularly in instances where such product
 lines are not fully mature. In developing and marketing new lines of business and/or new products and services and/or shifting the focus of our asset mix and/or expanding into new markets, we may invest significant time and resources. Initial
 timetables may not be achieved and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. External factors, such as compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives in these markets and shifting market preferences, may also affect the
 successful implementation. Failure to successfully manage these risks could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Risks Related to Our Personnel

We may have difficulty attracting additional necessary personnel, which may divert resources and limit our ability to successfully expand our operations. Our

business plan includes, and is dependent upon, our hiring and retaining highly qualified and motivated associates at every level. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, substantial competition in identifying, hiring and
 retaining top-quality associates due to low unemployment rate and new financial institutions entering our markets. If we are unable to hire and retain qualified personnel, we may be unable to successfully execute our business strategy and manage
 our growth.

The unexpected loss of key officers would materially and adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy, and diminish our future prospects. Our

success to date and our prospects for success in the future depend substantially on our senior management team. The loss of key members of our senior management team could materially and adversely affect our ability to successfully implement our
 business plan and, as a result, our future prospects. The loss of senior management without qualified successors who can execute our strategy would also have an adverse impact on us.

As a community bank, our ability to maintain our positive reputation is critical to the success of our business. The failure to maintain that reputation may
 materially and adversely affect our financial performance. Our reputation is one of the most valuable components of our business. As such, we strive to conduct our business in a manner that enhances our reputation. This is done, in
 part, by recruiting, hiring and retaining employees who share our core values of being an integral part of the communities we serve, delivering superior service to our clients. If our reputation is negatively affected by the actions of our
 employees or otherwise, our business and, therefore, our operating results may be materially and adversely affected.

26 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Financial Practices

Our allowance for credit losses may not be adequate to cover actual losses. A significant source of risk arises from the possibility that we could
 sustain losses due to loan defaults and non-performance on loans. We maintain an allowance for credit losses in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles to provide for such defaults and other non-performance. The
 determination of the appropriate level of this allowance is an inherently difficult process and is based on numerous assumptions. The amount of future losses is susceptible to changes in economic, operating and other conditions, including changes
 in interest rates, which may be beyond our control. In addition, our underwriting policies, adherence to credit monitoring processes, and risk management systems and controls may not prevent unexpected losses. Our allowance for credit losses may
 not be adequate to cover actual credit losses. Moreover, any increase in our allowance for credit losses will adversely affect our earnings.

In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-13, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU 2016-13 ). ASU 2016-13 became
 effective January 1, 2020, and substantially changed the accounting for credit losses on loans and other financial assets held by banks, financial institutions and other organizations. The standard replaced existing incurred loss impairment
 guidance and established a single allowance framework for financial assets carried at amortized cost. Upon adoption of ASU 2016-13, companies must recognize credit losses on these assets equal to management s estimate of credit losses over the
 full remaining expected life. Companies must consider all relevant information when estimating expected credit losses, including details about past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. We adopted and implemented
 this accounting standard fully effective January 1, 2022. The adoption of ASU 2016-13 did not have a material negative effect on the level of allowance for credit loss held by us or on our reported earnings. The potential negative effect that
 the adoption of this new accounting pronouncement may have on future lending by us or the banking industry in general is still not well known. We believe that our allowance for credit losses as of December 31, 2022 was adequate to absorb
 expected credit losses inherent in our loan portfolio; however, we cannot assure that such levels will be sufficient to cover actual or future losses.

Our financial and accounting estimates and risk management framework rely on analytical forecasting and models. The processes we use to estimate our
 inherent credit losses and to measure the fair value of financial instruments, as well as the processes used to estimate the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and operations, depend upon the
 use of analytical and forecasting models. Some of our tools and metrics for managing risk are based upon our use of observed historical market behavior. We rely on quantitative models to measure risks and to estimate certain financial values.
 Models may be used in such processes as determining the pricing of various products, grading loans and extending credit, measuring interest rate and other market risks, predicting losses, assessing capital adequacy and calculating regulatory
 capital levels, as well as estimating the value of financial instruments and balance sheet items.

Poorly designed or implemented models present the risk that our business decisions based on information incorporating such models will be adversely affected due to the inadequacy of that information. Moreover, our
 models may fail to predict future risk exposures if the information used in the model is incorrect, obsolete or not sufficiently comparable to actual events as they occur.

We seek to incorporate appropriate historical data in our models, but the range of market values and behaviors reflected in any period of historical data is not at all times predictive of future developments in any
 particular period and the period of data we incorporate into our models may prove to be inappropriate for the period being modeled. In such case, our ability to manage risk would be limited and our risk exposure and losses could be significantly
 greater than our models indicated. This could harm our reputation as well as our revenues and profits. Finally, information we provide to our regulators based on poorly designed or implemented models could also be inaccurate or misleading. Some
 of the decisions that our regulators make, including those related to capital distributions to our stockholders, could be affected adversely due to their perception that the quality of the models used to generate the relevant information is
 insufficient.

27 

Table of Contents 

Impairment of investment securities could require charges to earnings, which would negatively affect our operations. We maintain a significant amount of
 our assets in investment securities, and must periodically evaluate investment securities for impairment under previously adopted accounting guidance during 2021 or for current expected credit losses after the adoption of ASU 2016-13. We
 evaluate our investment securities portfolio for impairment as of each reporting date. At December 31, 2022, we had no investment securities that were impaired.

Changes in accounting standards could materially affect our financial statements. The Company s consolidated financial statements are presented in
 accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, called GAAP. The financial information contained within our consolidated financial statements is, to a significant extent, financial information that is
 based on approximate measures of the financial effects of transactions and events that have already occurred. A variety of factors could affect the ultimate value that is obtained either when earning income, recognizing an expense, recovering an
 asset or relieving a liability. Other estimates that we use are fair value of our securities and expected useful lives of our depreciable assets. From time to time, the FASB and the SEC change the financial accounting and reporting standards that
 govern the preparation of our financial statements or new interpretations of existing standards emerge. These changes can be difficult to predict and operationally complex to implement and can materially affect how we record and report our
 financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retrospectively, resulting in our restating prior period financial statements.

Risks Related to Our Access to Capital

We may be unable to, or choose not to, pay dividends on our common shares. We have consistently declared an annual cash dividend for over 87 years. Our
 ability to continue to pay dividends depends on various factors. FMCB is a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank, and does not conduct stand-alone operations, which means that the Bank must first pay dividend(s) to the Company. The
 FDIC, the DFPI and California corporate and banking laws may, under certain circumstances, prohibit the Bank s payment of dividends to FMCB. FRB policy requires bank holding companies to pay cash dividends on common shares only out of net income
 available over the past year and only if prospective earnings retention is consistent with the organization s expected future needs and financial condition. FMCB s Board of Directors may determine that, even though funds are available for
 dividend payments, retaining the funds for other internal uses, such as expansion of our operations, is necessary or appropriate in light of our business plan and objectives. A failure to pay dividends may negatively affect your investment.

The price of our common shares may fluctuate significantly and our stock may have low trading volumes, which may make it difficult for you to resell common
 shares owned by you at times or prices you find attractive. The stock market and, in particular, the market for financial institution stocks, has experienced significant volatility. The markets may produce downward pressure on stock
 prices for certain issuers without regard to those issuers underlying financial strength. As a result, the trading volume in our common shares may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. This may make it difficult for you to
 resell common shares owned by you at times or at prices you find attractive.

The low trading volume in our common shares on the OTCQX means that our shares may have less liquidity than other companies, who shares are more broadly traded. We cannot ensure that the volume of trading in our
 common shares or the price of our common shares will be maintained or will increase in the future. Our stock price can fluctuate significantly in response to a variety of factors discussed in this section, including, among other things: actual or
 anticipated variations in quarterly results of operations; operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to our Company; news reports relating to trends, concerns and other issues in the financial
 services industry; available investment liquidity in our market area since our stock is not listed on any exchange; and perceptions in the marketplace regarding our Company and/or its competitors.

28 

Table of Contents 

If we need additional capital in the future to continue our growth, we may not be able to obtain it on terms that are favorable. We may need to raise
 additional capital in the future to support our continued growth and to maintain our capital levels. Our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional securities will depend primarily upon our financial condition and the condition of
 financial markets at that time. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional capital in the amounts or on terms satisfactory to us. Our growth may be constrained if we are unable to generate or raise additional capital as needed.

Our funding sources may prove insufficient to provide liquidity, replace deposits and support our future growth. We rely on customer deposits, advances
 from the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco FHLB ), lines of credit at other financial institutions and the Federal Reserve Bank to fund our operations. Although we have historically been able to replace maturing deposits and advances if
 desired, we may not be able to replace such funds in the future if our financial condition, the financial condition of the FHLB or market conditions were to change. Our financial flexibility will be severely constrained if we are unable to
 maintain our access to funding or if adequate financing is not available to accommodate future growth at acceptable interest rates. Finally, if we are required to rely more heavily on more expensive funding sources to support future growth, our
 revenues may not increase proportionately to cover our costs. In this case, our profitability would be adversely affected. FHLB borrowings and other current sources of liquidity may not be available or, if available, not sufficient to provide
 adequate funding for operations. Furthermore, our own actions could result in a loss of adequate funding. For example, our borrowing capacity at the FHLB could be reduced if we are deemed to have poor documentation or processes. Accordingly, we
 may be required to seek additional higher-cost debt in the future to achieve our long-term business objectives. Additional borrowings, if sought, may not be available to us or, if available, may not be available on favorable terms. If additional
 financing sources are unavailable or are not available on reasonable terms, our growth and future prospects could be adversely affected.

We may be adversely affected by the lack of soundness of other financial institutions or financial market utilities. Our ability to engage in routine
 funding and other transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial institutions are interrelated because of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships.
 Defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial institutions or financial market utilities, or the financial services industry generally, may lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses of client, creditor and
 counterparty confidence and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other financial institutions.

Risks Related to Cyber-security and Information Technology

Cyber-attacks or other security breaches could have a material adverse effect on our business. In the normal course of business, we collect, process,
 and retain sensitive and confidential information regarding our clients. We also have arrangements in place with other third parties through which we share and receive information about their clients who are or may become our clients. Although we
 devote significant resources and management focus to ensuring the integrity of our systems through information security and business continuity programs, our facilities and systems, and those of third-party service providers, are vulnerable to
 external or internal security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors or other similar events.

Information security risks for financial institutions have increased recently in part because of new technologies, the use of the Internet and telecommunications technologies (including mobile devices) to conduct
 financial and other business transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, perpetrators of fraud, hackers, terrorists and others. In addition to cyber-attacks or other security breaches involving the theft of
 sensitive and confidential information, hackers recently have engaged in attacks against large financial institutions, particularly denial of service attacks that are designed to disrupt key business services, such as client-facing websites. We
 are not able to anticipate or implement effective preventive measures against all potential security breaches, because the techniques used change frequently and because attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources. We employ detection and
 response mechanisms designed to contain and mitigate security incidents, but early detection may be thwarted by sophisticated attacks and malware designed to avoid detection.

29 

Table of Contents 

We also face risks related to cyber-attacks and other security breaches in connection with credit and debit card transactions that typically involve the transmission of sensitive information regarding our clients
 through various third parties, including merchant acquiring banks, payment processors, payment card networks and our core processors. Some of these parties have in the past been the target of security breaches and cyber-attacks, and because the
 transactions involve third parties and environments such as the point of sale that we do not control or secure, future security breaches or cyber-attacks affecting any of these third parties could impact us through no fault of our own, and in
 some cases we may have exposure and suffer losses for breaches or attacks relating to them. We also rely on numerous other third-party service providers to conduct other aspects of our business operations and face similar risks relating to them.
 While we regularly conduct security assessments on these third parties, we cannot be sure that their information security protocols are sufficient at all times to withstand a cyber-attack or other security breach.

The access by unauthorized persons to, or the improper disclosure by us of, confidential information regarding our clients or our own proprietary information, software, methodologies, and business secrets could
 result in significant legal and financial exposure, supervisory liability, damage to our reputation or a loss of confidence in the security of our systems, products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial
 condition or operations. In the past several years, there have been a number of well-publicized attacks or breaches affecting others in our industry that have heightened concern by consumers and have resulted in increased regulatory focus.
 Furthermore, cyber-attacks or other breaches in the future, whether affecting others or us, could intensify consumer concern and regulatory focus and result in reduced use of our cards and increased costs, all of which could have a material
 adverse effect on our business. To the extent we are involved in any future cyber-attacks or other breaches, our brand and reputation could be affected, and this could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operations. If
 we experience a cyber-attack, our insurance coverage may not cover all losses, and furthermore, we may experience a loss of reputation.

We rely on our information technology and telecommunications systems and third-party servicers, and the failure of these systems could adversely affect our
 business. Our business is highly dependent on the successful and uninterrupted functioning of our information technology and telecommunications systems and third-party servicers. We rely on these systems to process new and renewal
 loans, provide client service, facilitate collections and share data across our organization. The failure of these systems, or the termination of a third-party software license or service agreement on which any of these systems is based, could
 interrupt our operations. Because our information technology and telecommunications systems interface with and depend on third-party systems, we could experience service denials if demand for such services exceeds capacity or such third-party
 systems fail or experience interruptions. If sustained or repeated, a system failure or service denial could result in a deterioration of our ability to process new and renewal loans and provide client service or compromise our ability to collect
 loan payments in a timely manner. Our ability to adopt new information technology and technological products needed to meet our clients banking needs may be limited if our third-party servicers are slow to adopt or choose not to adopt such new
 technology and products. Such a failure to provide this technology and products to our clients could result in a loss of clients, which would negatively affect our financial condition and operations.

Other Operational Risks

Our risk management framework may not be effective in mitigating risks and losses to us. Our risk management framework is comprised of various processes,
 systems and strategies, and is designed to manage the types of risk to which we are subject, including, among others, credit, market, liquidity, interest rate and compliance. Our framework also includes financial or other modeling methodologies
 that involve management assumptions and judgment. Our risk management framework may not be effective under all circumstances and may not adequately mitigate any risk of loss to us. If our framework is not effective, we could suffer unexpected
 losses and our financial condition, operations or business prospects could be materially and adversely affected. We may also be subject to potentially adverse regulatory consequences.

30 

Table of Contents 

We are subject to certain operating risks, related to client or employee fraud, which could harm our reputation and business. Employee error, or employee
 or client misconduct, could subject us to financial losses or regulatory sanctions and seriously harm our reputation. Misconduct by our employees could include hiding unauthorized activities from us, improper or unauthorized activities on behalf
 of our clients or improper use of confidential information. It is not always possible to prevent employee error and misconduct, and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. Employee error
 could also subject us to financial claims for negligence. If our internal controls fail to prevent or detect an occurrence, or if any resulting loss is not insured, excess insurance coverage is denied or not available, it could have a material
 adverse effect on our financial condition and operations.

We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about clients and counterparties. In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other
 transactions with clients and counterparties, we may rely on information furnished to us by or on behalf of clients and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information. We also may rely on representations of clients
 and counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information and, with respect to financial statements, on reports of independent auditors. In deciding whether to extend credit, we may rely upon our clients representations that
 their financial statements conform to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, and present fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition, operations and cash flows of the client. We also may rely on client
 representations and certifications, or other auditors reports, with respect to the business and financial condition of our clients. Our financial condition, operations, financial reporting and reputation could be negatively affected if we rely
 on materially misleading, false, inaccurate or fraudulent information provided by or about clients and counterparties.

Catastrophic events including, but not limited to, hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, fires, floods, prolonged drought, and pandemics may adversely affect the general economy,
 financial and capital markets, specific industries, and the Bank. The Bank has significant operations and a significant customer base in regions where natural and other disasters may occur. These regions are known for being vulnerable
 to natural disasters and other risks, such as earthquakes, fires, floods, and prolonged drought. These types of natural catastrophic events at times have disrupted the local economy, the Bank s business and clients, and could pose physical risks
 to the Bank s property. In addition, catastrophic events, such as natural disasters or global pandemics, occurring in other regions of the world may have an impact on the Bank s clients and in turn on the Bank. Although we have business
 continuity and disaster recovery programs in place, a significant catastrophic event could materially adversely affect the Bank s operating results.

The physical effects of climate change, as well as governmental and societal responses to climate change could materially adversely affect our operations,
 businesses and customers. There is increasing concern over the risks of climate change and related environmental sustainability matters. The physical effects of climate change include rising average global temperatures, rising sea
 levels and an increase in the frequency and severity of extreme weather events and natural disasters, including droughts, wildfires, floods, hurricanes and tornados. Most of the Company s operations and customers are located in California, which
 could be adversely impacted by severe weather events. Agriculture is especially dependent on climate, and climate impacts could include shifting average growing conditions, increased climate and weather variability, decreases in available water
 sources, and more uncertainty in predicting climate and weather conditions, any or all of which could have a particularly adverse impact on our agricultural customers.

Additional legislation and regulatory requirements and changes in consumer preferences, including those associated with the transition to a low-carbon economy, could increase expenses of, or otherwise adversely
 affect, the Company, its businesses or its customers. Our customers and we may face cost increases, asset value reductions, operating process changes, reduced availability of insurance, and the like, because of governmental actions or societal
 responses to climate change.

31 

Table of Contents 

New and/or more stringent regulatory requirements relating to climate change or environmental sustainability could materially affect the Company s results of operations by increasing our compliance costs.
 Regulatory changes or market shifts to low-carbon products could also affect the creditworthiness of some of our customers or reduce the value of assets securing loans, which may require the Company to adjust our lending portfolios and business
 strategies.

Risks Related to Our Regulatory Environment

We are subject to regulation, which increases the cost and expense of regulatory compliance, and may restrict our growth and our ability to acquire other
 financial institutions. Supervision, regulation, and examination of the Company and the Bank by the bank regulatory agencies are intended primarily for the protection of consumers, bank clients and the Deposit Insurance Fund of the
 FDIC, rather than holders of our common shares. As a bank holding company under federal law, we are subject to regulation under the BHCA, and the examination and reporting requirements of the FRB. In addition to supervising and examining us, the
 FRB, through its adoption of regulations implementing the BHCA, places certain restrictions on the permissible activities for bank holding companies. Changes in the number or scope of permissible activities could have an adverse effect on our
 ability to realize our strategic goals. As a California state-chartered bank that is not a member of the Federal Reserve System, the Bank is separately subject to regulation by both the FDIC and the DFPI. The FDIC and DFPI regulate numerous
 aspects of the Bank s operations, including adequate capital and financial condition, permissible types and amounts of extensions of credit and investments, permissible non-banking activities and restrictions on dividend payments. We may be
 required to invest significant management attention and resources to evaluate and make any changes necessary to comply with applicable laws and regulations. This allocation of resources, as well as any failure to comply with applicable
 requirements, may negatively affect our operations and financial condition.

Banking agencies periodically conduct examinations of our business, including compliance with laws and regulations, and our failure to comply with any regulatory
 actions to which we become subject because such examinations could materially and adversely affect us. The DFPI, the FDIC, and the FRB periodically conduct examinations of our business, including compliance with laws and regulations.
 Accommodating such examinations may require management to reallocate resources that would otherwise be used in the day-to-day operation of other aspects of our business. If, as a result of an examination, the DFPI or a federal banking agency were
 to determine that the financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, earnings prospects, management, liquidity or other aspects of our operations had become unsatisfactory, or that we or our management were in violation of any law or
 regulation, it may take a number of different remedial actions as it deems appropriate. These actions could include the power to enjoin unsafe or unsound practices, to require affirmative actions to correct any conditions resulting from any
 violation or practice, to issue an administrative order that can be judicially enforced, to direct an increase in our capital, to restrict our growth, to assess civil monetary penalties against us, our officers or directors, to remove officers
 and directors and, if it is concluded that such conditions cannot be corrected or there is an imminent risk of loss to clients, to terminate our deposit insurance. FDIC deposit insurance is critical to the continued operation of the Bank. If we
 become subject to such regulatory actions, our business operations could be materially and adversely affected.

Changes in laws, government regulation and monetary policy may have a material adverse effect on our operations. Financial institutions have been the
 subject of significant legislative and regulatory changes (including the Dodd-Frank Act) and may be the subject of further significant legislation or regulation in the future, none of which is within our control. This may result in repeals of or
 amendments to, existing laws, treaties, regulations, guidance, reporting, recordkeeping requirements, and other government policies. Significant new laws or regulations or changes in, or repeals of, existing laws or regulations, including those
 with respect to federal and state taxation, may cause our results of operations to differ materially. In addition, the costs and burden of compliance could adversely affect our ability to operate profitably. Further, federal monetary policy
 significantly affects the Bank s credit conditions, as well as the Bank s clients, particularly as implemented through the FRB, primarily through open market operations in U.S. government securities, the discount rate for bank borrowings and
 reserve requirements. A material change in any of these conditions could have a material impact on us, the Bank and the Bank s clients, and therefore on our financial condition and operations.

32 

Table of Contents 

New and future rulemaking by the CFPB and other regulators, as well as enforcement of existing consumer protection laws, may have a material effect on our
 operations and operating costs. The CFPB has the authority to implement and enforce a variety of existing federal consumer protection statutes and to issue new regulations. However, with respect to institutions of our size, it does not
 have primary examination and enforcement authority. The authority to examine depository institutions with 10 billion or less in assets, such as the Bank, for compliance with federal consumer laws remains largely with our primary federal
 regulator, the FDIC. However, the CFPB may participate in examinations of smaller institutions on a sampling basis and may refer potential enforcement actions against such institutions to their primary regulators. In some cases, regulators such
 as the Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, and the Department of Justice also retain certain rulemaking or enforcement authority, and we remain subject to certain state consumer protection laws. The CFPB has placed significant emphasis on consumer
 complaint management and has established a public consumer complaint database to encourage consumers to file complaints they may have against financial institutions. We are expected to monitor and respond to these complaints, including those that
 we deem frivolous, and doing so may require management to reallocate resources away from more profitable endeavors.

The CFPB has adopted a number of significant rules that affect nearly every aspect of the lifecycle of a residential mortgage. These rules implement the Dodd-Frank Act amendments to the Equal Credit Opportunity
 Act, the Truth in Lending Act and the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act. The rules require banks to, among other things: (i) develop and implement procedures to ensure compliance with a new reasonable ability to repay test and identify
 whether a loan meets a new definition for a qualified mortgage (ii) implement new or revised disclosures, policies and procedures for servicing mortgages including, but not limited to, early intervention with delinquent clients and specific
 loss mitigation procedures for loans secured by a client s principal residence; (iii) comply with additional restrictions on mortgage loan originator compensation; and (iv) comply with new disclosure requirements and standards for appraisals and
 escrow accounts maintained for higher priced mortgage loans. These rules create operational and strategic challenges for us, as we are both a mortgage originator and a servicer.

We are subject to stringent capital requirements.

Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the federal banking agencies adopted final rules, or the U.S. Basel III Capital Rules, to update their general risk-based capital and leverage capital requirements to incorporate
 agreements reflected in the Third Basel Accord adopted by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, or Basel III Capital Standards, as well as the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act. The U.S. Basel III Capital Rules are described in more detail
 in Supervision and Regulation Capital Standards in this report on Form 10-K.

The failure to meet the established capital requirements could result in one or more of our regulators placing limitations or conditions on our activities or restricting the commencement of new activities. Such
 failure could subject us to a variety of enforcement remedies available to the federal regulatory authorities, including limiting our ability to pay dividends, issuing a directive to increase our capital and terminating our FDIC deposit
 insurance. FDIC deposit insurance is critical to the continued operation of the Bank. Our failure to meet applicable regulatory capital requirements, or to maintain appropriate capital levels in general, could affect client and investor
 confidence, our ability to grow, our costs of funds and FDIC insurance costs, our ability to pay dividends on common shares, our ability to make acquisitions, and our operations and financial condition, generally.

We may be required to contribute capital or assets to the Bank that could otherwise be invested or deployed more profitably elsewhere. Federal law and
 regulatory policy impose a number of obligations on bank holding companies designed to reduce potential loss exposure to the clients of insured depository subsidiaries and to the FDIC s DIF. For example, a bank holding company is required to
 serve as a source of financial strength to its FDIC-insured depository subsidiaries and to commit financial resources to support such institutions where it might not do so otherwise. These situations include guaranteeing the compliance of an
 undercapitalized bank with its obligations under a capital restoration plan.

33 

Table of Contents 

A capital injection into the Bank may be required at times when we do not have the resources to provide it at the holding company level; therefore, we may be required to issue common shares or debt to obtain the
 required capital. Issuing additional common shares would dilute our current stockholders percentage of ownership and could cause the price of our common shares to decline. Any debt would be entitled to a priority of payment over the claims of
 the Company s general unsecured creditors or equity holdings. Thus, any Company borrowing to make the required capital injection may be expensive and adversely affect our cash flows, financial condition, operations, and business prospects.

We face a risk of non-compliance and enforcement actions with respect to the Bank Secrecy Act BSA and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations. Like

all U.S. financial institutions, we are subject to monitoring requirements under federal law, including anti-money laundering, or AML, and BSA matters. Since September 11, 2001, banking regulators have intensified their focus on AML and BSA
 compliance requirements, particularly the AML provisions of the USA PATRIOT Act. There is also increased scrutiny of compliance with the rules enforced by the U.S. Treasury Department s OFAC, which involve sanctions for dealing with certain
 persons or countries. While the Bank has adopted policies, procedures and controls to comply with the BSA, other AML statutes and regulations and OFAC regulations, this aggressive supervision and examination and increased likelihood of
 enforcement actions may increase our operating costs, which could negatively affect our operations and reputation.

We are subject to federal and state fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to material penalties. Federal and state fair
 lending laws and regulations, such as the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act, impose non-discrimination lending requirements on financial institutions. The FDIC, the Department of Justice, the CFPB and other federal and state
 agencies are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. Private parties may also have the ability to challenge an institution s performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation. A successful challenge to our
 performance under the fair lending laws and regulations could adversely impact our rating under the CRA, and result in a wide variety of sanctions, including the required payment of damages and civil money penalties, injunctive relief, imposition
 of restrictions on merger and acquisition activity and restrictions on expansion activity, which could negatively impact our reputation, financial condition and operations.

Regulations relating to privacy, information security and data protection could increase our costs, affect or limit how we collect and use personal information
 and adversely affect our business opportunities. We are subject to various privacy, information security and data protection laws, including requirements concerning security breach notification, and these laws could negatively affect
 us. Federal law imposes requirements for the safeguarding of certain client information. Various state and federal banking regulators and states have also enacted data security breach notification requirements with varying levels of individual,
 consumer, regulatory or law enforcement notification in certain circumstances in the event of a security breach. Moreover, legislators and regulators in the United States are increasingly adopting or revising privacy, information security and
 data protection laws that potentially could have a significant impact on our current and planned privacy, data protection and information security-related practices, our collection, use, sharing, retention and safeguarding of consumer or employee
 information, and some of our current or planned business activities. This could also increase our costs of compliance and business operations and could reduce income from certain business initiatives.

Compliance with current or future privacy, data protection and information security laws (including those regarding security breach notification) affecting client or employee data to which we are subject could
 result in higher compliance and technology costs and could restrict our ability to provide certain products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial conditions or operations.

Our failure to comply with privacy, data protection and information security laws could result in potentially significant regulatory or governmental investigations or actions, litigation, fines, sanctions and
 damage to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or operations.

34 

Table of Contents 

Possible changes in the U.S. tax laws could adversely affect our business and result of operations in a variety of ways.

The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act TCJA ), signed into law on December 22, 2017, enacted sweeping changes to the U.S. federal tax laws generally, effective January 1, 2018. The TCJA reduced the corporate tax rate to 21 
 from 35 , which resulted in a net reduction in our annual income tax expense and which benefitted many of our corporate and other small business borrowers. However, our ability to utilize tax credits, such as those arising from low-income housing
 and alternative energy investments, was constrained by the lower tax rate. There are presently ongoing discussions in the U.S. Congress and the White House which could result in changes in the tax laws that would substantially increase the U.S.
 corporate tax rate. If enacted, such measures could adversely affect our profitability and that of our customers.

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

Item 2. 

Properties

Farmers Merchants Bancorp and its subsidiaries are headquartered in Lodi, California. Executive offices are located at 111 W. Pine Street. Banking services are provided in 29 branch locations in the Company's
 service area. Of the 29 branches, 20 are owned and 9 are leased. The expiration of these leases occurs between the years 2023 and 2030. See Note 14, located in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form
 10-K.

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings

Certain lawsuits and claims arising in the ordinary course of business have been filed or are pending against the Company or its subsidiaries. Based upon information available to the Company, its review of such
 lawsuits and claims and consultation with its counsel, the Company believes the liability relating to these actions, if any, would not have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial statements.

There are no material proceedings adverse to the Company to which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company is a party.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures

Not Applicable

35 

Table of Contents 

PART II

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

The common stock of Farmers Merchants Bancorp is not widely held or listed on any exchange. However, trades are reported on the OTCQX under the symbol FMCB. 

The following tables summarize the actual high, low, and close sale prices for the Company's common stock since the first quarter of 2021. These figures are based on activity posted on the OTCQX:

Year Ended December 31, 2022

High

Low

Close

Dividend Declared

First quarter

960

913

950

-

Second quarter

960

914

927

7.85

Third quarter

975

922

956

-

Fourth quarter

1,088

952

1,050

8.30

Year Ended December 31, 2021

High

Low

Close

Dividend Declared

First quarter

788

731

778

-

Second quarter

925

773

862

7.50

Third quarter

920

862

897

-

Fourth quarter

1,156

897

960

7.80

As of February 28, 2023, there were approximately 1,315 stockholders of record of the Company s common stock. The Company and, before the Company was formed, the Bank, has paid cash dividends for the past 87
 consecutive years. There are limitations under Delaware corporate law as to the amounts of cash dividends that may be paid by the Company. Additionally, if we decided to defer interest on our 2003 subordinated debentures, we would be prohibited
 from paying cash dividends on the Company s common stock. The Company is dependent on cash dividends paid by the Bank to fund its cash dividend payments to its stockholders. There are regulatory limitations on cash dividends that may be paid by
 the Bank. See Item 1. Business Supervision and Regulation. 

On November 8, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized an extension to its share repurchase program through December 31, 2024 for an additional 20.0 million of the Company s common stock Repurchase Plan ), which
 represents approximately 3 of outstanding shareholders equity. Repurchases by the Company under the Repurchase Plan may be made from time to time through open market purchases, trading plans established in accordance with SEC rules, privately
 negotiated transactions, or by other means. Beginning in 2023 under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA), a 1 excise tax will be imposed on certain public company stock repurchases.

The actual means and timing of any repurchases, the quantity of purchased shares and prices will be subject to certain limitations, including, without limitation, market prices of the Company s common shares,
 general market and economic conditions, the Company s financial performance, capital position, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements, and at the discretion of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer.

Repurchases under the Repurchase Plan may be initiated, discontinued, suspended, or restarted at any time in the Company s discretion. The Company is not obligated to repurchase any shares under the Repurchase
 Plan. No shares may be repurchased pursuant to the authority granted in the Repurchase Plan after December 31, 2024. Repurchased shares are to be used to fund the Company s non-qualified retirement plans or may be returned to the status of
 authorized but unissued common shares of the Company.

36 

Table of Contents 

On May 24, 2018, stockholders approved a proposal to increase our authorized shares of common stock from 7,500,000 to 40,000,000. In approving this proposal the stockholders also granted the Board discretionary
 authority (i.e., without further stockholder action) to determine whether to delay the proposed amendment. The Company has no immediate plans to effect the increase in the authorized shares of common stock.

On August 5, 2008, the Board of Directors approved a Share Purchase Rights Plan (the Rights Plan ), pursuant to which the Company entered into a Rights Agreement dated August 5, 2008, with Computershare as Rights
 Agent, and the Company declared a dividend of a right to acquire one preferred share purchase right (a Right for each outstanding share of the Company s common stock, 0.01 par value per share, to stockholders of record at the close of
 business on August 15, 2008. Generally, the Rights are only triggered and become exercisable if a person or group (the Acquiring Person acquires beneficial ownership of 10 percent or more of the Company s common stock or announces a tender
 offer for 10 percent or more of the Company s common stock.

The Rights Plan is similar to plans adopted by many other publicly traded companies. The effect of the Rights Plan is to discourage any potential acquirer from triggering the Rights without first convincing the
 Company s Board of Directors that the proposed acquisition is fair to, and in the best interest of, all of the stockholders of the Company. The provisions of the Plan, if triggered by the Acquiring Person, will substantially dilute the equity and
 voting interest of any potential acquirer unless the Board of Directors approves of the proposed acquisition (under Article XV of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors has the authority to consider any and all factors
 in determining whether an acquisition is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders). Each Right, if and when exercisable, will entitle the registered holder to purchase from the Company one one-hundredth of a share of Series A
 Junior Participating Preferred Stock, no par value, at a purchase price of 1,600 for each one one-hundredth of a share, subject to adjustment.

Each holder of a Right (except for the Acquiring Person, whose Rights will be null and void upon such event) shall thereafter have the right to receive, upon exercise, that number of Common Shares of the Company
 having a market value of two times the exercise price of the Right. At any time before a person becomes an Acquiring Person, the Rights can be redeemed, in whole, but not in part, by the Company s Board of Directors at a price of 0.001 per
 Right.

The Rights Plan was set to expire on August 5, 2018. On November 19, 2015, the Board of Directors approved a seven-year extension of the term of the Rights Plan. Pursuant to an Amendment to the Rights Agreement
 dated February 18, 2016, the term of the Rights Plan was extended from August 5, 2018 to August 5, 2025. The extension of the term of the Rights Plan was intended as a means to continue to guard against abusive takeover tactics and was not in
 response to any particular proposal. The Board also increased the purchase price under the Rights Plan to 1,600 per one one-hundredth of a preferred share from 1,200, to reflect the increase in the market price of the Company s common stock
 over the past several years.

During 2022, the Company repurchased 21,309 shares under the Repurchase Plan, for a total of 20.31 million. All of these shares were purchased at prices ranging from 925.00 to 990.00 per share, based upon the
 then current price on the OTCQX. The Company did not issue any shares of common stock during 2022.

37 

Table of Contents 

The following table reports information regarding repurchases of our common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022:

Period

Total number 

 of shares 

 purchased

Average price 

 paid per share

Total number of shares 

 purchased as part of

 publicly announced 

 plans or programs

Maximum number (or 

 approximate dollar 

 value) of shares that 

 may yet purchased 

 under the plans or 

 programs 

 In thousands (1) 

Total 1st Quarter 2022

4,500

945.00

4,500

15,748

Total 2nd Quarter 2022

7,956

954.32

7,956

8,155

Total 3rd Quarter 2022

6,368

951.68

6,368

2,095

October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022

1,465

962.22

1,465

685

November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022

709

973.47

709

19,995

December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022

311

979.84

311

19,690

Total 4th Quarter 2022

2,485

967.64

2,485

19,690

Total 2022

21,309

953.12

21,309

19,690

(1) As of November 8, 2022 the Board approved an extension to the repurchase program through December 31, 2024 and for an additional 20
 million of the Company's common stock.

The Company did not issue or purchase any shares of common stock during 2021.

38 

Table of Contents 

Performance Graphs

The following graph compares the Company s cumulative total stockholder return on common stock from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022 to that of: (i) the S P 600 Regional Banks (Sub Ind) (TR) Index (which
 replaces the Morningstar Banks Index - Regional (US) Industry Group going forward through 2020, since the data is no longer accessible); and (ii) the cumulative total return of the New York Stock Exchange market index. The graph assumes an
 initial investment of 100 on December 31, 2017 and reinvestment of dividends. The stock price performance set forth in the following graph is not necessarily indicative of future price performance. The Company s stock price data is based on
 activity posted on the OTCQX and on private transactions between individual stockholders that are reported to the Company. This data was furnished by Zacks SEC Compliance Services Group.

This graph shall not be deemed filed or incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act.

39 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. 

Reserved

Item 7. 

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The following discussion and analysis is intended to provide a comprehensive review of the Company s operating results and financial condition. The information contained in this section should be read in
 conjunction with the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Information related to the comparison of the results of operations for the years
 December 31, 2021 to 2020 is found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 15, 2022.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Annual Report on Form 10-K may contain certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These forward-looking
 statements reflect our current views and are not historical facts. These statements may include statements regarding projected performance for periods following the date of this report. These statements can generally be identified by use of
 phrases such as believe, expect, will, seek, should, anticipate, estimate, intend, plan, target, project, commit or other words of similar import. Similarly, statements that describe our future financial condition, results
 of operations, objectives, strategies, plans, goals or future performance and business are also forward-looking statements. Statements that project future financial conditions, results of operations and shareholder value are not guarantees of
 performance and many of the factors that will determine these results and values are beyond our ability to control or predict. For those statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the
 Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including, but not limited to, those described in the Risk Factors and Management s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations sections and other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. The
 following is a non-exclusive list of factors, that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K:

changes in general economic conditions, either nationally, in California, or in our local markets;

inflation, changes in interest rates, securities market volatility and monetary fluctuations;

increases in competitive pressures among financial institutions and businesses offering similar products and services;

the future impact of the COVID-19 virus;

higher defaults in our loan portfolio than we expect;

changes in management s estimate of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses;

risks associated with our growth and expansion strategy and related costs;

increased lending risks associated with our high concentration of real estate loans;

legislative or regulatory changes or changes in accounting principles, policies or guidelines;

technological changes;

failure to raise the debt limit on U.S. debt;

regulatory or judicial proceedings; and

other factors and risks including those described under Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, expected, projected, intended,
 committed or believed. Additional factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements are discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Please take into
 account that forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (or documents incorporated by reference, if applicable).

40 

Table of Contents 

The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly correct or update any forward-looking statement if it later becomes aware that actual results are likely to differ materially from those expressed in such
 forward-looking statement, except as required by law.

Overview

Farmers Merchants Bancorp (the Company , FMCB , or we is the holding company for Farmers Merchants Bank of Central California (the Bank or FMB). The Bank is a full-service community bank
 providing loans, deposit and cash management services to individuals and businesses. Our primary clients are small to medium-sized businesses that require highly personalized commercial banking products and services. The Bank has 29 branch
 locations and 3 ATMs that have been serving communities in the mid-Central Valley and East Bay of California for over 100 years.

The primary source of funding for our asset growth has been the generation of core deposits, which we raise through our existing branch locations, newly opened branch locations, or through acquisitions. Our recent
 loan growth is primarily the result of organic growth generated by our seasoned relationship managers and supporting associates who provide outstanding service and responsiveness to our clients or through acquisitions.

Our results of operations are largely dependent on net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between interest income we earn on interest earning assets, which are comprised of loans, investment
 securities and short-term investments, and the interest we pay on our interest bearing liabilities, which are primarily deposits, and, to a lesser extent, other borrowings. Management strives to match the re-pricing characteristics of the
 interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities to protect net interest income from changes in market interest rates and changes in the shape of the yield curve.

We measure our performance by calculating our net interest margin, return on average assets, and return on average equity. Net interest margin is calculated by dividing net interest income, which is the difference
 between interest income on interest earning assets and interest expense on interest bearing liabilities, by average interest earning assets. Net interest income is our largest source of revenue. Interest rate fluctuations, as well as changes in
 the amount and type of earning assets and liabilities, combine to affect net interest income. We also measure our performance by our efficiency ratio, which is calculated by dividing non-interest expense by the sum of net interest income and
 non-interest income.

41 

Table of Contents 

Selected Financial Data

The following condensed consolidated statements of financial condition and operations and selected performance ratios as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 and for the years then ended have been derived from our
 audited consolidated financial statements. The information below is qualified in its entirety by the detailed information included elsewhere herein and should be read along with this Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations and Item 8, Financial Statement and Supplementary Data. 

Years Ended December 31

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data)

2022

2021

2020

Selected Income Statement Information:

Interest income

198,413

165,268

159,294

Interest expense

4,840

4,332

9,491

Net interest income

193,573

160,936

149,803

Provision for credit losses

6,450

1,910

4,500

Net interest income after provision for credit losses

187,123

159,026

145,303

Non-interest income

6,178

21,056

15,054

Non-interest expense

93,560

91,761

82,406

Income before income tax expense

99,741

88,321

77,951

Income tax expense

24,651

21,985

19,217

Net income

75,090

66,336

58,734

Selected financial ratios:

Basic and diluted earnings per share

96.55

84.01

74.03

Cash dividends per common share

16.15

15.30

14.75

Dividend ratio

16.73

18.21

19.92

Net interest margin

3.80

3.46

3.88

Non-interest income to average assets

0.12

0.43

0.37

Non-interest expense to average assets

1.75

1.87

2.00

Efficiency ratio

46.84

50.42

49.99

Return on average assets

1.41

1.35

1.43

Return on average equity

16.04

15.00

14.60

Net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans

0.01

(0.01

0.02

42 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31,

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data)

2022

2021

2020

Selected Balance Sheet Information:

Cash and cash equivalents

588,257

715,460

383,837

Investment securities

997,817

1,007,506

876,665

Gross loans held for investment

3,512,361

3,237,177

3,099,592

Total assets

5,327,399

5,177,720

4,550,453

Total deposits

4,759,269

4,640,152

4,060,267

Shareholders' equity

485,308

463,136

423,665

Average Balances:

Average earning assets

5,091,684

4,656,337

3,861,070

Average assets

5,341,901

4,913,999

4,112,537

Average shareholders' equity

468,001

442,246

402,329

Selected financial ratios:

Book value per share

631.63

586.51

536.53

Tangible book value per share

613.42

568.04

517.28

Allowance for credit losses to total loans

1.90

1.88

1.89

Non-performing assets to total assets

0.03

0.03

0.03

Loans held for investment to deposits

73.80

69.76

76.34

Capital ratios:

Tier 1 leverage capital

9.36

8.92

9.13

Total risk-based capital

13.06

13.19

12.59

Average equity to average assets

8.76

9.00

9.78

Tangible common equity to tangible assets

8.87

8.69

9.01

Summary of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

In the opinion of management, the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and related Consolidated Statements of Operations, Comprehensive Income, Changes in Shareholders Equity and Cash Flows
 reflect all adjustments (which include reclassification and normal recurring adjustments) that are necessary for a fair presentation in conformity with GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to
 make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in the financial statements.

Various elements of our accounting policies, by their nature, are inherently subject to estimation techniques, valuation assumptions and other subjective assessments. In particular, management has identified
 certain accounting policies that, due to the judgments, estimates and assumptions inherent in those policies, are critical to an understanding of our financial statements. Management believes the judgments, estimates and assumptions used in the
 preparation of the financial statements are appropriate based on the factual circumstances at the time. However, given the sensitivity of the financial statements to these critical accounting policies, the use of other judgments, estimates and
 assumptions could result in material differences in our results of operations or financial condition. Further, subsequent changes in economic or market conditions could have a material impact on these estimates and our financial condition and
 operating results in future periods. For additional information concerning critical accounting policies, see the Selected Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and the following:

Use of Estimates The preparation of our financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amount of
 assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates the estimates used. Estimates are based upon historical experience, current economic conditions and other factors that management considers reasonable under the
 circumstances and the actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions. The allowance for credit losses, deferred income taxes, and fair values of financial instruments are estimates, which are particularly subject to
 change.

43 

Table of Contents 

Allowance for Credit Losses The Company recognizes there is risk of credit losses with financial instruments, to include loans, and unfunded loan
 commitments, where the Company advances funds to a counterparty. The risk of credit losses varies with, among other things, the type of financial instrument, the creditworthiness and cash flows of the counterparty, any guarantees from government
 agencies, and the collateral, if any, used to secure the financial instrument. The Company maintains an allowance for credit losses on loans and unfunded commitments held in accordance with GAAP. The allowance for credit losses represents our
 estimate of probable losses inherent in our existing loan portfolio. The allowance for credit losses is increased by charging a provision for credit losses against income and reduced by charge-offs, net of recoveries.

Under the guidance of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments CECL ), we
 evaluate our allowance for credit losses quarterly based on a number of quantitative and qualitative factors, including levels and trends of past due and non-accrual loans, asset classifications, loan grades and internal loan reviews, change in
 volume and mix of loans, collateral value, historical loss experience, size and complexity of individual credits, loan concentrations and economic conditions. Allowance for credit losses is provided on both a specific and general basis. Specific
 allowances are provided for impaired credits for which the expected/anticipated loss is measurable. General valuation allowances are based on a portfolio segmentation based on risk grading, with a further evaluation of various quantitative and
 qualitative factors.

The Company begins its determination of credit losses by evaluating historical credit loss experience by loan segment. Historical loss information may be adjusted based on specific risk characteristics by loan
 segment. Such risk characteristics may include, but are not necessarily limited to, changes in lending policies and procedures, including changes in underwriting standards and collection, charge-off, and recovery practices not considered
 elsewhere in estimating credit losses; changes in national and local economic conditions and forecasts; changes in the nature and volume of the loans and in the terms of such instruments; changes in the experience, ability, and depth of lending
 management and other relevant staff; changes in the volume and severity of past due status, the volume of non-accrual loans, and the volume and severity of adversely classified or graded loans; changes in the quality of the institution s loan
 review system; changes in the value of underlying collateral for collateral-dependent loans; the existence and effect of any concentrations of credit, and changes in the level of such concentrations; and the effect of other external factors such
 as competition and legal and regulatory requirements on the level of estimated credit losses.

While the Company utilizes a systematic methodology in determining its allowance, the allowance is based on estimates, and ultimate losses may vary from current estimates. The estimates are reviewed periodically
 and, as adjustments become necessary, are reported in earnings in the periods in which they become known. For additional information, see Note 4, located in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

The allowance for credit losses on unfunded loan commitments is classified in other liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. The allowance for credit losses on unfunded loan commitments
 is increased by charging a provision for credit losses on unfunded commitments, which was reported in other non-interest expenses for 2022 and prior.

We believe that our allowance for credit losses was adequate to absorb probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

44 

Table of Contents 

Investment Securities Investment securities are classified as held-to-maturity HTM when the Company has the positive intent and ability to hold the
 securities to maturity. Investment securities are classified as available-for-sale AFS when the Company has the intent of holding the security for an indefinite period of time, but not necessarily to maturity. The Company determines the
 appropriate classification at the time of purchase, and periodically thereafter. Investment securities classified at HTM are carried at amortized cost. Investment securities classified at AFS are reported at fair value. Purchase premiums and
 discounts are recognized in interest income using the interest method over the terms of the securities. Debt securities classified as held-to-maturity are carried at cost, net of the allowance for credit losses - securities, adjusted for
 amortization of premiums and discounts to the earliest callable date. Debt securities classified as available-for-sale are measured at fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on debt securities classified as available-for-sale are
 excluded from earnings and are reported net of tax as accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI), a component of shareholders equity, until realized. When AFS securities, specifically identified, are sold, the unrealized gain or loss is
 reclassified from AOCI to non-interest income.

Management measures expected credit losses on held-to-maturity debt securities on a collective basis by major security type. The Company s HTM portfolio contains securities issued by U.S. government entities and
 agencies and municipalities. The Company uses industry historical credit loss information adjusted for current conditions to establish the allowance for credit losses on its HTM municipal bond portfolio.

For available-for-sale debt securities in an unrealized loss position, the Company first assesses whether it intends to sell, or is more likely than not that it will be required to sell the security before recovery
 of its amortized cost basis. If the Company intends to sell the security or it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the security before recovering its cost basis, the entire impairment loss would be recognized in
 earnings. If the Company does not intend to sell the security, and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the security, the Company evaluates whether the decline in fair value has resulted from credit losses or
 other factors. In making this assessment, management considers the extent to which fair value is less than amortized costs, any changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency, and adverse conditions specifically related to the security,
 among other factors. If this assessment indicates that a credit loss exists, the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the security are compared to the amortized cost basis of the security. Projected cash flows are discounted
 by the current effective interest rate. If the present value of cash flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis, a credit loss exists and an allowance for credit losses is recorded for the credit loss, limited by the
 amount that the fair value is less than the amortized cost basis. The remaining impairment related to all other factors, the difference between the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected and fair value, is recognized as a charge
 to AOCI.

Changes in the allowance for credit losses-securities are recorded as provision for (or reversal of) credit losses. Losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the non-collectability of an
 available-for-sale security is confirmed or when either criteria regarding intent of requirement to sell is met.

At December 31, 2022, we had no investment securities that were impaired.

Goodwill Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase considerations paid over the fair value of the assets acquired, net of the fair values of
 liabilities assumed in a business combination it is not amortized but is reviewed annually, or more frequently as current circumstances and conditions warrant, for impairment. An assessment of qualitative factors is completed to determine if it
 is more likely than not that, the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the qualitative analysis concludes that further analysis is required, then a quantitative impairment test would be completed. The quantitative
 goodwill impairment compares the reporting unit's estimated fair values, including goodwill, to its carrying amount. If the carrying amount exceeds its reporting unit s fair value, then an impairment loss would be recognized as a charge to
 earnings, but is limited by the amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.

45 

Table of Contents 

Other Intangible Assets Other intangible assets consists primarily of core deposit intangibles CDI ), which are amounts recorded in business
 combinations or deposit purchase transactions related to the value of transaction-related deposits and the value of the client relationships associated with the deposits. Core deposit intangibles are amortized over the estimated useful lives of
 such deposits. These assets are reviewed at least annually for events or circumstances that could affect their recoverability. These events could include loss of the underlying core deposits, increased competition or adverse changes in the
 economy. The amortization of our CDI is recorded in other non-interest expense. To the extent other identifiable intangible assets are deemed unrecoverable; impairment losses are recorded in other non-interest expense to reduce the carrying
 amount of the assets.

Fair Value Measurements The Company discloses the fair value of financial instruments and the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate those
 fair values. The estimated fair value amounts have been determined by the Company using available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. The use of assumptions and various valuation techniques, as well as the absence of
 secondary markets for certain financial instruments, will likely reduce the comparability of fair value disclosures between financial institutions. In some cases, book value is a reasonable estimate of fair value due to the relatively short
 period between origination of the instrument and its expected realization.

For additional information, see Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk and Note 12 located in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Income Taxes Income taxes are filed on a consolidated basis with our subsidiaries and allocate income tax expense (benefit) based on each entity s
 proportionate share of the consolidated provision for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the tax consequences of temporary differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their
 respective tax bases. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. The determination of the amount of deferred income tax assets, that are more likely than not
 to be realized is primarily dependent on projections of future earnings, which are subject to uncertainty and estimates that may change given economic conditions and other factors. The realization of deferred income tax assets is assessed and a
 valuation allowance is recorded if it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred income tax asset will not be realized. More likely than not is defined as greater than a 50 probability. All available evidence, both
 positive and negative, is considered to determine whether, based on the weight of that evidence, a valuation allowance is needed.

Only tax positions that meet the more likely than not recognition threshold are recognized. The benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which, based on all available
 evidence, management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes, if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other
 positions. Tax positions that meet the more likely than not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The
 portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above is reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition along
 with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. Interest expense and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits are classified as income tax expense in the consolidated
 statements of income.

46 

Table of Contents 

Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards

See Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Results of Operations

The following discussion and analysis is intended to provide a better understanding of Farmers Merchants Bancorp and its subsidiaries performance during each of the years in the two-year period ended
 December 31, 2022 and the material changes in financial condition, operating income, and expense of the Company and its subsidiaries as shown in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Information related to the comparison of the
 results of operations for the years December 31, 2021 and 2020 can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 15, 2022.

Factors that determine the level of net income include the volume of earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, yields earned and rates paid, fee income, non-interest expense, the level of non-performing
 loans and other non-earning assets, and the amount of non-interest bearing liabilities supporting earning assets. Non-interest income includes card processing fees, service charges on deposit accounts, bank-owned life insurance income,
 gains/losses on the sale of investment securities, and gains/losses on deferred compensation investments. Non-interest expense consists primarily of salaries and employee benefits, cost of deferred compensation benefits, occupancy, data
 processing, FDIC insurance, marketing, legal and other expenses.

47 

Table of Contents 

Average Balance and Yields . The following table sets forth a summary of average balances with corresponding interest income and interest expense as well as average yield,
 cost and net interest margin information for the periods presented. Average balances are derived from daily balances.

Year ended December 31,

2022

2021

(Dollars in thousands)

Average Balance

Interest

 Income / Expense

Average 

 Yield / 

 Rate

Average Balance

Interest 

 Income / Expense

Average 

 Yield /

 Rate

ASSETS

Interest earnings deposits in other banks and federal 

 funds sold

704,082

12,102

1.72

666,167

902

0.14

Investment securities: (1) 

Taxable securities

1,044,954

19,678

1.88

838,710

14,646

1.75

Non-taxable securities (2) 

48,168

1,569

3.26

52,384

1,648

3.15

Total investment securities

1,093,122

21,247

1.94

891,094

16,294

1.83

Loans: (3) 

Real estate:

Commercial

1,202,548

58,966

4.90

1,037,554

53,298

5.14

Agricultural

705,222

35,010

4.96

641,086

29,544

4.61

Residential and home equity

369,619

14,551

3.94

339,345

12,717

3.75

Construction

182,523

9,788

5.36

182,722

7,965

4.36

Total real estate

2,459,912

118,315

4.81

2,200,707

103,524

4.70

Commercial industrial

440,510

22,452

5.10

373,497

16,935

4.53

Agricultural

262,461

14,084

5.37

233,544

10,385

4.45

Commercial leases

94,040

5,702

6.06

98,056

5,485

5.59

Consumer and other

22,008

3,469

15.76

178,535

10,879

6.09

Total loans and leases

3,278,931

164,022

5.00

3,084,339

147,208

4.77

Non-marketable securities

15,549

1,042

6.70

14,737

864

5.86

Total interest earning assets

5,091,684

198,413

3.90

4,656,337

165,268

3.55

Allowance for credit losses

(62,588

(60,059

Non-interest earning assets

312,805

317,721

Total average assets

5,341,901

4,913,999

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

Interest bearing deposits:

Demand

1,120,198

1,497

0.13

1,024,009

1,128

0.11

Savings and money market accounts

1,542,310

1,981

0.13

1,352,258

1,458

0.11

Certificates of deposit greater than 250,000

157,623

460

0.29

170,040

701

0.41

Certificates of deposit less than 250,000

215,044

411

0.19

235,746

730

0.31

Total interest bearing deposits

3,035,175

4,349

0.14

2,782,053

4,017

0.14

Short-term borrowings

1

-

0.00

1

-

0.00

Subordinated debentures

10,310

491

4.76

10,310

315

3.06

Total interest bearing liabilities

3,045,486

4,840

0.16

2,792,364

4,332

0.16

Non-interest bearing deposits

1,751,797

1,610,611

Total funding

4,797,283

4,840

0.10

4,402,975

4,332

0.10

Other non-interest bearing liabilities

76,617

68,778

Shareholders' equity

468,001

442,246

Total average liabilities and shareholders' equity

5,341,901

4,913,999

Net interest income

193,573

160,936

Interest rate spread

3.74

3.39

Net interest margin (4) 

3.80

3.46

(1) 

Excludes average unrealized (losses) gains of 24.5) million and 3.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, which are included in non-interest earning assets.

(2) 

The average yield does not include the federal tax benefits at an assumed effective yield of 26 related to income earned on tax-exempt municipal securities totaling 415,000 and 436,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022, and
 2021, respectively.

(3) 

Loan interest income includes loan fees of 11.6 million and 17.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

(4) 

Net interest margin is computed by dividing net interest income by average interest earning assets.

48 

Table of Contents 

Interest-bearing deposits with banks and Federal Reserve balances are additional earning assets available to the Company. Average interest-bearing deposits with banks consisted
 primarily of FRB deposits. Balances with the FRB earned an average interest rate of 1.72 and 0.14 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase was primarily the result of
 the FRB increasing rates by 425 basis points during 2022. Average interest-bearing deposits was 704 million and 666 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest income on
 interest-bearing deposits with banks was 12.1 million and 902,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The investment portfolio is another main component of the Company s earning assets. Historically, the Company invested primarily in: (1) mortgage-backed securities issued by government-sponsored entities; (2) debt
 securities issued by the U.S. Treasury, government agencies and government-sponsored entities; and (3) investment grade bank-qualified municipal bonds. However, at certain times the Company selectively added investment grade corporate securities
 (floating rate and fixed rate with maturities less than 5 years) to the portfolio in order to obtain yields that exceed government agency securities of equivalent maturity. Since the risk factor for these types of investments is generally lower
 than that of loans and leases, the yield earned on investments is generally less than that of loans and leases.

Average total investment securities were 1.1 billion and 891 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The average yield on total investment securities were 1.94 and 1.83 for the
 years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Investment Securities and Federal Reserve balances for a discussion of the Company s investment strategy in 2022.

Average loans and leases held for investment were 3.3 billion and 3.1 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The yield on the loan lease portfolio was 5.00 and 4.77 for the
 years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company continues to experience aggressive competitor pricing for loans and leases to which it may need to respond in order to retain key customers. This could continue to place negative
 pressure on future loan lease yields and net interest margin.

Average interest-bearing liabilities was 3.0 billion and 2.8 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities was 4.8 million, 4.3
 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities was 0.16 and 0.16 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

49 

Table of Contents 

Rate/Volume Analysis . The following table shows the change in interest income and interest expense and the amount of change attributable to variances in volume, rates and
 the combination of volume and rates based on the relative changes of volume and rates. For purposes of this table, the change in interest due to both volume and rate has been allocated to change due to volume and rate in proportion to the
 relationship of absolute dollar amounts of change in each.

Year Ended December 31, 2022

 compared with 2021

Increase (Decrease) Due to:

(Dollars in thousands)

Volume

Rate

Net

Interest income:

Interest earnings deposits in other banks and federal funds sold

54

11,146

11,200

Investment securities:

Taxable securities

3,816

1,216

5,032

Non-taxable securities

(136

57

(79

Total investment securities

3,680

1,273

4,953

Loans:

Real estate:

Commercial

7,805

(2,137

5,668

Agricultural

3,081

2,385

5,466

Residential and home equity

1,168

666

1,834

Construction

(9

1,832

1,823

Total real estate

12,045

2,746

14,791

Commercial industrial

3,261

2,256

5,517

Agricultural

1,385

2,314

3,699

Commercial leases

(231

448

217

Consumer and other (1) 

(14,475

7,065

(7,410

Total loans and leases

1,986

14,828

16,814

Non-marketable securities

49

129

178

Total interest income

5,769

27,376

33,145

Interest expense:

Interest bearing deposits:

Demand

113

256

369

Savings and money market accounts

222

301

523

Certificates of deposit greater than 250,000

(48

(193

(241

Certificates of deposit less than 250,000

(60

(259

(319

Total interest bearing deposits

227

105

332

Subordinated debentures

8

168

176

Total interest expense

235

273

508

Net interest income

5,534

27,103

32,637

(1) Consumer and other - These decreases respresent the end of the PPP loans which were 0 and 70,765 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively.

50 

Table of Contents 

Net interest income was 193.6 million and 160.9 million for the two years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in net interest income was driven primarily by increased interest rates and
 deposit growth, which we were able to partially deploy into growing our loan portfolio. The remaining increase in interest was held in interest earning deposits and investment securities.

Comparison of Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

Years Ended 
 December 31

(Dollars in thousands)

2022

2021

Better / (Worse)

Better / (Worse)

Selected Income Statement Information:

Interest income

198,413

165,268

33,145

20.06

Interest expense

4,840

4,332

(508

-11.73

Net interest income

193,573

160,936

32,637

20.28

Provision for credit losses

6,450

1,910

(4,540

-237.70

Net interest income after provision for credit losses

187,123

159,026

28,097

17.67

Non-interest income

6,178

21,056

(14,878

-70.66

Non-interest expense

93,560

91,761

(1,799

-1.96

Income before income tax expense

99,741

88,321

11,420

12.93

Income tax expense

24,651

21,985

(2,666

-12.13

Net income

75,090

66,336

8,754

13.20

Net Income. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net income was 75.1 million compared with 66.3 million, respectively. The increase in net income was primarily
 the result of higher net interest income of 32.6 million. This increase was offset by a decrease in non-interest income of 14.9 million, higher provision for credit losses of 4.5 million, higher income tax expense of 2.7 million and an
 increase in non-interest expense of 1.8 million.

Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net interest income increased 32.6 million, or 20.28 , to 193.6 million compared with
 160.9 million for the same period a year earlier. The increase is the result of: (1) average interest earning assets increasing 435.4 million, or 9.35 , to 5.1 billion compared with 4.7 billion for the same period a year earlier; and (2) the
 net interest margin increasing 34 basis points to 3.80 for all of 2022 compared with 3.46 for the same period a year earlier. The increase in the net interest margin was primarily the result of the FRB increasing the federal funds rate over
 the past year.

Provision for Credit Losses. The provision for credit losses in each period is a charge against earnings in that period. The provision is the amount required to maintain the
 allowance for credit losses at a level that, in management s judgment, is adequate to absorb expected losses over the life of the loan and HTM securities portfolios.

The provision for credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 6.5 million compared with 1.9 million for the same period a year ago. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred net
 charge-offs of 0.2 million compared with net recoveries of 0.2 million for the same period a year earlier.

51 

Table of Contents 

Non-interest Income. Non-interest income decreased 14.9 million, or 70.66 , to 6.2 million for 2022 compared with 21.1 million for the same period a year earlier. The
 year-over-year decrease in non-interest income was primarily due to: (1) a 10.7 million loss on the sale of investment securities versus a 2.6 gain for the same period a year earlier; and (2) 2.2 million decline in gains/(losses) on deferred
 compensation plan investments.

The Company recorded net gains on deferred compensation plan investments of 0.45 million in 2022 compared to net gains of 2.6 million in 2021. See Note 11, located in Item 8. Financial Statements and
 Supplementary Data for a description of these plans. Balances in non-qualified deferred compensation plans may be invested in financial instruments whose market value fluctuates based upon trends in interest rates and stock prices. Although GAAP
 requires these investment gains/losses be recorded in non-interest income, an offsetting entry is also required to be made to non-interest expense resulting in no net-effect on the Company s net income.

Non-interest Expense. Non-interest expense increased 1.8 million, or 1.96 , to 93.6 million for 2022 compared with 91.8 million for the same period a year ago. The
 year-over-year increase was primarily comprised of: (1) a 0.4 million increase in salaries and employee benefits; (2) a 0.6 million increase in legal expenses; (3) a 0.2 million increase in FDIC insurance; (4) a 0.2 million increase in
 marketing expenses; and (5) an increase of 2.5 million in other miscellaneous expenses 1.0 million of which was a provision for unused commitments). These increases were partially off-set by a 2.2 million decline in gain/(losses) on deferred
 compensation plan investments. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s efficiency ratio was 46.84 compared with 50.42 for the same period a year ago.

Net gains on deferred compensation plan obligations were 0.4 million in 2022 compared to net gains of 2.6 million in 2021. See Note 11, located in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for a
 description of these plans. Balances in non-qualified deferred compensation plans may be invested in financial instruments whose market value fluctuates based upon trends in interest rates and stock prices. Although GAAP requires these gains on
 obligations to be recorded in non-interest expense, an offsetting entry is also required to be made to non-interest income resulting in no net-effect on the Company s net income.

Income Tax Expense. For the year ended December 31, 2022, income tax expense was 24.7 million, compared with 22.0 million for the same period a year earlier. For the year
 ended December 31, 2022, the effective tax rate was 24.72 compared with 24.89 for the same period a year ago.

Financial Condition

Total assets grew 149.7 million, or 2.89 , to 5.3 billion at December 31, 2022 compared with 5.2 billion at December 31, 2021. Loans held for investment grew 275.2 million or 8.5 to 3.5 billion at December
 31, 2022, compared with 3.2 billion at December 31, 2021. Exclusive of SBA PPP loans, the loan portfolio grew 346 million, or 10.69 , over December 31, 2021. This data constitutes non-GAAP financial data. The Company believes that excluding
 the temporary effect of the PPP loans furnishes useful information regarding the Company s growth. Total deposits increased 119.1 million, or 2.57 , to 4.8 billion at December 31, 2022 compared with 4.6 billion at December 31, 2021. The
 increase in total assets and deposits was primarily the result of continued strong organic deposit growth.

Investment Securities and Federal Reserve Balances

The Company s investment portfolio decreased by less than 1.0 , to 1.0 billion at December 31, 2022. This decrease is net of the impact of 47.7 million that the Company sold for interest rate risk management
 purposes. The Company uses its investment portfolio to manage interest rate and liquidity risks. The Company's total investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022 represents 18.72 of the Company s total assets as compared to 19.45 at December
 31, 2021. Not included in the investment portfolio are interest bearing deposits with banks and overnight investments in Federal Reserve balances. Interest bearing deposits with banks consisted primarily of FRB deposits.

52 

Table of Contents 

The FRB currently pays interest on the deposits that banks maintain in their FRB accounts, whereas historically banks had to sell these Federal Funds to other banks in order to earn interest. Since balances at the
 FRB are effectively risk free, the Company elected to maintain its excess cash at the FRB. Interest bearing deposits with banks totaled 515 million at December 31, 2022 and 663 million at December 31, 2021.

The Company classifies its investment securities as either held-to-maturity HTM or available-for-sale AFS ). Securities are classified as held-to-maturity and are carried at amortized cost, net of an
 allowance for credit losses, when the Company has the intent and ability to hold the securities to maturity. See Note 2 Investment Securities to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Securities classified as AFS include securities, which may be sold to effectively manage interest rate risk exposure, prepayment risk, satisfy liquidity demands and other factors. These securities are reported at
 fair value with aggregate, unrealized gains or losses excluded from income and included as a separate component of shareholders equity, net of related income taxes. As of December 31, 2022, the Company held no investment securities from any
 issuer (other than the U.S. Treasury or an agency of the U.S. government or a government-sponsored entity) that totaled over 10 of our shareholders equity.

The carrying value of our portfolio of investment securities was as follows:

As of December 31,

(Dollars in thousands)

2022

2021

Available-for-Sale Securities

U.S. Treasury notes

4,964

10,089

U.S. Government-sponsored securities

4,427

6,374

Mortgage-backed securities (1) 

132,528

251,120

Collateralized mortgage obligations (1) 

1,054

2,436

Corporate securities

9,581

-

Other

310

435

Total available-for-sale securities

152,864

270,454

(1) All mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations were issued by an agency or government sponsored entity of the U.S. Government.

As of December 31,

(Dollars in thousands)

2022

2021

Held-to-Maturity Securities

Mortgage-backed securities (1) 

702,858

596,775

Collateralized mortgage obligations (1) 

80,186

73,781

Municipal securities (2) 

61,909

66,496

Total held-to-maturity securities

844,953

737,052

(1) All mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations were issued by an agency or government sponsored entity of the U.S. Government.

(2) Municipal securities are net of allowance for credit losses of 393 and 0, respectively.

53 

Table of Contents 

The following table shows the carrying value for contractual maturities of investment securities and the weighted average yields of such securities, including the benefit of tax-exempt securities:

Investment Securities

As of December 31, 2022

Within One Year

After One but 

 Within Five Years

After Five but

 Within Ten Years

After Ten Years

Total

(Dollars in thousands)

Amount

Yield

Amount

Yield

Amount

Yield

Amount

Yield

Amount

Yield

Debt securities available-for-sale

U.S. Treasury notes

4,964

2.37

-

0.00

-

0.00

-

0.00

4,964

2.37

U.S. Government-sponsored securities

3

2.17

53

2.29

380

4.52

3,991

4.52

4,427

4.29

Mortgage-backed securities (1) 

13

2.82

16,460

2.31

15,156

2.41

100,899

1.82

132,528

1.95

Collateralized mortgage obligations (1) 

-

0.00

-

0.00

-

0.00

1,054

2.35

1,054

2.35

Corporate securities

-

0.00

9,581

3.13

-

0.00

-

0.00

9,581

3.13

Other

310

4.60

-

0.00

-

0.00

-

0.00

310

4.60

Total debt securities available-for-sale

5,290

2.50

26,094

2.61

15,536

2.46

105,944

1.93

152,864

2.11

(1) All mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations were issued by an agency or government sponsored entity of
 the U.S. Government.

As of December 31, 2022

Within One Year

After One but

 Within Five Years

After Five but

 Within Ten Years

After Ten Years

Total

(Dollars in thousands)

Amount

Yield

Amount

Yield

Amount

Yield

Amount

Yield

Amount

Yield

Securities held-to-maturity

Mortgage-backed securities (1) 

-

0.00

-

0.00

18,197

1.22

684,661

1.90

702,858

1.88

Collateralized mortgage obligations (1) 

-

0.00

-

0.00

-

0.00

80,186

1.80

80,186

1.80

Municipal securities

883

5.92

8,058

3.98

15,670

3.70

37,691

4.83

62,302

4.45

Total securities held-to-maturity

883

5.92

8,058

3.98

33,867

2.37

802,538

2.03

845,346

2.07

(1) All mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations were issued by an agency or government sponsored entity of
 the U.S. Government.

Investment Securities

As of December 31, 2021

Within One Year

After One but 

 Within Five Years

After Five but 

 Within Ten Years

After Ten Years

Total

(Dollars in thousands)

Amount

Yield

Amount

Yield

Amount

Yield

Amount

Yield

Amount

Yield

Securities available-for-sale

U.S. Treasury notes

5,028

2.33

5,061

2.38

-

0.00

-

0.00

10,089

2.36

U.S. Government-sponsored securities

2

1.80

148

2.29

512

1.55

5,712

1.26

6,374

1.30

Mortgage-backed securities (1) 

13

1.50

21,155

2.36

50,554

2.36

179,398

1.61

251,120

1.83

Collateralized mortgage obligations (1) 

-

0.00

-

0.00

-

0.00

2,436

2.30

2,436

2.30

Other

435

3.31

-

0.00

-

0.00

-

0.00

435

3.31

Total securities available-for-sale

5,478

2.41

26,364

2.36

51,066

2.35

187,546

1.61

270,454

1.84

(1) All mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations were issued by an agency or government sponsored entity of
 the U.S. Government.

As of December 31, 2021

Within One Year

After One but 

 Within Five Years

After Five but 

 Within Ten Years

After Ten Years

Total

(Dollars in thousands)

Amount

Yield

Amount

Yield

Amount

Yield

Amount

Yield

Amount

Yield

Securities held-to-maturity

Mortgage-backed securities (1) 

-

0.00

-

0.00

10,641

0.41

586,134

1.72

596,775

1.70

Collateralized mortgage obligations (1) 

-

0.00

-

0.00

-

0.00

73,781

1.71

73,781

1.71

Municipal securities

308

1.10

8,487

2.19

18,433

3.42

39,268

4.52

66,496

3.90

Total securities held-to-maturity

308

1.10

8,487

2.19

29,074

2.32

699,183

1.88

737,052

1.90

(1) All mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations were issued by an agency or government sponsored entity of
 the U.S. Government.

Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call obligations with or without penalties including prepayments on mortgage-backed securities. The Company evaluates
 securities for expected credit losses at least on a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market concerns warrant such evaluation.

54 

Table of Contents 

Loans and Leases

Loans and leases can be categorized by borrowing purpose and use of funds. Common examples of loans and leases made by the Company include:

Commercial and Agricultural Real Estate These are loans secured by owner-occupied real estate, non-owner-occupied real estate, owner-occupied farmland,
 and multifamily residential properties. Commercial mortgage term loans can be made if the property is either income producing or scheduled to become income producing based upon acceptable pre-leasing, or the income will be the Bank's primary
 source of repayment for the loan. Loans are made both on owner occupied and investor properties; maturities generally do not exceed 15 years (and may have pricing adjustments on a shorter timeframe) amortizations of up to 25 years (30 years for
 multifamily residential properties); have debt service coverage ratios of 1.00 or better with a target of 1.25 or greater; and fixed rates that are most often tied to treasury indices with an appropriate spread based on the amount of perceived
 risk in the loan.

Real Estate Construction These are loans for acquisition, development and construction and are secured by commercial or residential real estate. These
 loans are generally made only to experienced local developers with a successful track record; for projects in our service area; with Loan to Value (LTV) below 75 ; and where the property can be developed and sold within 2 years. Commercial
 construction loans are made only when there is an approved take-out commitment from the Bank or an acceptable financial institution or government agency. Most acquisition, development and construction loans are tied to the prime rate with an
 appropriate spread based on the amount of perceived risk in the loan.

Single Family Residential Real Estate These are loans primarily made on owner occupied residences; generally underwritten to income and LTV guidelines
 similar to those used by FNMA and FHLMC. However, the Company will make loans on rural residential properties up to 41 acres. Most residential loans have terms from ten to thirty years and carry fixed or variable rates priced to treasury rates.
 The Company has always underwritten mortgage loans based upon traditional underwriting criteria and does not make loans that are known in the industry as subprime, no or low doc, or stated income loans.

Home Equity Lines and Loans These are loans made to individuals for home improvements and other personal needs. Generally, amounts do not exceed
 500,000; but can be made for up to 1,000,000 in high cost counties. Combined Loan To Value (CLTV) does not exceed 75 ; FICO scores are at or above 670; Total Debt Ratios do not exceed 43 ; and in some situations the Company is in a 1 st lien position

Agricultural These are non-real estate loans and lines of credit made to farmers to finance agricultural production. Lines of credit are extended to
 finance the seasonal needs of farmers during peak growing periods; are usually established for periods no longer than 12 to 36 months; are often secured by general filing liens on livestock, crops, crop proceeds and equipment; and are most often
 tied to the prime rate with an appropriate spread based on the amount of perceived risk in the loan. Term loans are primarily made for the financing of equipment, expansion or modernization of a processing plant, or orchard/vineyard development;
 have maturities from five to seven years; and fixed rates that are most often tied to treasury indices or variable rates tied to the prime rate with an appropriate spread based on the amount of perceived risk in the loan.

Commercial These are non-real estate loans and lines of credit to businesses that are sole proprietorships, partnerships, LLC s and corporations. Lines
 of credit are extended to finance the seasonal working capital needs of customers during peak business periods; are usually established for periods no longer than 12 to 36 months; are often secured by general filing liens on accounts receivable,
 inventory and equipment; and are most often tied to the prime rate with an appropriate spread based on the amount of perceived risk in the loan. Term loans are primarily made for the financing of equipment, expansion or modernization of a plant
 or purchase of a business; have maturities from five to seven years; and fixed rates that are most often tied to treasury indices or variable rates tied to the prime rate with an appropriate spread based on the amount of perceived risk in the
 loan.

55 

Table of Contents 

Consumer These are loans to individuals for personal use, and primarily include loans to purchase automobiles or recreational vehicles, and unsecured
 lines of credit. The Company has a minimal consumer loan portfolio.

Commercial Leases These are leases primarily to businesses and farmers for financing the acquisition of equipment. They can be either finance leases 
 where the lessee retains the tax benefits of ownership but obtains 100 financing on their equipment purchases; or true tax leases where the Company, as lessor, places reliance on equipment residual value and in doing so obtains the tax
 benefits of ownership. Leases typically have a maturity of three to ten years, and fixed rates that are most often tied to treasury indices with an appropriate spread based on the amount of perceived risk. Credit risks are underwritten using the
 same credit criteria the Company would use when making an equipment term loan. Residual value risk is managed with qualified, independent appraisers that establish the residual values the Company uses in structuring a lease.

The Company accounts for leases with Investment Tax Credits ITC under the deferred method as established in ASC 740-10. ITCs are viewed and accounted for as a reduction of the cost of the related assets and
 presented as deferred income on the Company s financial statement.

Each loan or lease type involves risks specific to the: (1) borrower; (2) collateral; and (3) loan lease structure. See Results of Operations - Provision and Allowance for Credit Losses for a more detailed
 discussion of risks by loan lease type. The Company s current underwriting policies and standards are designed to mitigate the risks involved in each loan lease type. The Company s policies require that loans and leases be approved
 only to those borrowers exhibiting a clear source of repayment and the ability to service existing and proposed debt. The Company s underwriting procedures for all loan lease types require careful consideration of the borrower, the
 borrower s financial condition, the borrower s management capability, the borrower s industry, and the economic environment affecting the loan or lease.

Most loans and leases made by the Company are secured, but collateral is the secondary or tertiary source of repayment; cash flow is our primary source of repayment. The quality and liquidity of collateral are
 important and must be confirmed before the loan is made.

In order to be responsive to borrower needs, the Company prices loans and leases: (1) on both a fixed rate and adjustable rate basis; (2) over different terms; and (3) based upon different rate indices as long as
 these structures are consistent with the Company s interest rate risk management policies and procedures. See Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details.

Overall, the Company's loan lease portfolio at December 31, 2022 totaled 3.5 billion, an increase of 275.2 million or 8.50 over December 31, 2021. Exclusive of SBA PPP loans, the loan portfolio grew 346.0
 million, or 10.69 , over December 31, 2021. This increase in the non-PPP loans occurred as a result of: (1) the Company s business development efforts directed toward credit-qualified borrowers; and (2) expansion of our service area into the East
 Bay of San Francisco and Napa County. This data constitutes non-GAAP financial data. The Company believes that excluding the temporary effect of the PPP loans furnishes useful information regarding the Company s growth.

56 

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth the distribution of the loan lease portfolio by type and percent at the end of each period presented:

December 31,

2022

2021

(Dollars in thousands)

Dollars

Percent of Total

Dollars

Percent of Total

Gross Loans and Leases

Real estate:

Commercial

1,328,691

37.73

1,167,516

35.95

Agricultural

726,938

20.64

672,830

20.72

Residential and home equity

387,753

11.01

350,581

10.79

Construction

166,538

4.73

177,163

5.45

Total real estate

2,609,920

74.11

2,368,090

72.91

Commercial industrial

478,758

13.59

427,799

13.17

Agricultural

314,525

8.93

276,684

8.52

Commercial leases

112,629

3.20

96,971

2.99

Consumer and other (1) 

5,886

0.17

78,367

2.41

Total gross loans and leases

3,521,718

100.00

3,247,911

100.00

(1) Includes SBA PPP loans of 0 and 70,765 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.

The following table shows the maturity distribution and interest rate sensitivity of the loan portfolio of the Company as of December 31, 2022.

Loan Contractual Maturity

(Dollars in thousands)

One Year or Less

After One 

 But Within Five Years

After Five

 But Within Fifteen Years

After Fifteen Years

Total

Gross loan and leases:

Real estate:

Commercial

61,340

326,671

889,041

51,639

1,328,691

Agricultural

26,588

172,766

452,249

75,335

726,938

Residential and home equity

384

4,143

117,421

265,805

387,753

Construction

94,238

72,300

-

-

166,538

Total real estate

182,550

575,880

1,458,711

392,779

2,609,920

Commercial industrial

216,019

181,520

75,093

6,126

478,758

Agricultural

197,010

98,898

18,617

-

314,525

Commercial leases

45,503

61,377

5,749

-

112,629

Consumer and other

753

3,989

1,144

-

5,886

Total gross loans and leases

641,835

921,664

1,559,314

398,905

3,521,718

Rate Structure for Loans

Fixed Rate

116,749

475,248

1,158,859

255,628

2,006,484

Adjustable Rate

525,086

446,416

400,455

143,277

1,515,234

Total gross loans and leases

641,835

921,664

1,559,314

398,905

3,521,718

57 

Table of Contents 

Non-Accrual Loans and Leases - Accrual of interest on loans and leases is generally discontinued when a loan or lease becomes contractually past due by 90 days or more with
 respect to interest or principal. When loans and leases are 90 days past due, but in management's judgment are well secured and in the process of collection, they may not be classified as nonaccrual. When a loan or lease is placed on non-accrual
 status, all interest previously accrued but not collected is reversed. Income on such loans and leases is then recognized only to the extent that cash is received and where the future collection of principal is probable. Non-accrual loans and
 leases totaled 571,000 and 516,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Restructured Loans and Leases - A restructuring of a loan or lease constitutes a TDR under ASC 310-40, if the Company for economic or legal reasons related to the debtor's
 financial difficulties grants a concession to the borrower that it would not otherwise consider, except when subject to the CARES Act and H.R. 133, as discussed below. Restructured loans or leases typically present an elevated level of credit
 risk, as the borrowers are not able to perform according to the original contractual terms. If the restructured loan or lease was current on all payments at the time of restructure and management reasonably expects the borrower will continue to
 perform after the restructure, management may keep the loan or lease on accrual. Loans and leases that are on non-accrual status at the time they become TDR loans or leases, remain on non-accrual status until the borrower demonstrates a sustained
 period of performance, which the Company generally believes to be six consecutive months of payments, or equivalent. A loan or lease can be removed from TDR status if it was restructured at a market rate in a prior calendar year and is currently
 in compliance with its modified terms. However, these loans or leases continue to be classified as collateral dependent and are individually evaluated for impairment.

At December 31, 2022, restructured loans totaled 1.3 million compared with 2.3 million at December 31, 2021, all of which were performing. See Note 4 Loans and Leases to the Consolidated Financial Statements in
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Other Real Estate Owned OREO represents real property taken either through foreclosure or through a deed in lieu thereof from the borrower. The Company records all OREO
 properties at amounts equal to or less than the fair market value of the properties based on current independent appraisals reduced by estimated selling costs. The Company reported 873,000 of foreclosed OREO at December 31, 2022, and
 at December 31, 2021.

Not included in the table below, but relevant to a discussion of asset quality are loans that were granted some form of relief because of COVID-19 but were not considered TDRs because
 of the CARES Act and H.R. 133. Since April 2020, we have restructured 304.0 million of loans under the CARES Act and H.R. 133 guidelines (see Part I, Introduction - COVID-19 (Coronavirus) Disclosure ). At December 31, 2022, all loans
 that were restructured as part of the CARES Act, have returned to the contractual terms and conditions of the loans, without exception.

58 

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes the loans for which the accrual of interest has been discontinued and loans more than 90 days past due and still accruing interest, including those non-accrual loans
 that are troubled debt restructured loans, and OREO (as hereinafter defined):

December 31,

(Dollars in thousands)

2022

2021

Non-performing assets:

Non-accrual loans and leases, not TDRs

Real estate:

Commercial

403

-

Agricultural

-

18

Residential and home equity

-

-

Construction

168

-

Total real estate

571

18

Commercial industrial

-

-

Agricultural

-

-

Commercial leases

-

-

Consumer and other

-

-

Subtotal

571

18

Non-accrual loans and leases, are TDRs

Real estate:

Commercial

-

-

Agricultural

-

-

Residential and home equity

-

-

Construction

-

-

Total real estate

-

-

Commercial industrial

-

-

Agricultural

-

498

Commercial leases

-

-

Consumer and other

-

-

Subtotal

-

498

Total non-performing loans and leases

571

516

Other real estate owned ("OREO")

873

873

Total non-performing assets

1,444

1,389

Performing TDRs

1,311

1,824

Selected ratios:

Non-performing loans to total loans and leases

0.02

0.02

Non-performing assets to total assets

0.03

0.03

Although management believes that non-performing loans and leases are generally well-secured and that potential losses are provided for in the Company s allowance for credit losses, there can be no assurance that
 future deterioration in economic conditions and/or collateral values will not result in future credit losses. See Note 4. Loans and Leases , located in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for
 an allocation of the allowance classified to collateral dependent loans and leases.

59 

Table of Contents 

Except for non-performing loans and leases discussed above, the Company s management is not aware of any loans and leases as of December 31, 2022, for which known financial problems of the borrower would cause
 serious doubts as to the ability of these borrowers to materially comply with their present loan or lease repayment terms, or any known events that would result in the loan or lease being designated as non-performing at some future date. However:

The State of California experienced drought conditions from 2013 through most of 2016. After 2016, reasonable levels of rain and snow alleviated drought conditions in our primary service area, but the winter of 2020-2021 and 2021-2022
 were once again dry (although 2023 has begun with significant levels of rain and snow). Despite this, the availability of water in our primary service area was not an issue for the 2022 growing season. However, the weather patterns over
 the past nine years further reinforce the fact that the long-term risks associated with the availability of water are significant.

While significant progress has been made in fighting the COVID-19 virus, particularly with the development of vaccines, the effects of COVID-19 are still with us, and it is impossible to predict the ultimate impact on classified and
 non-performing loans and leases (see Part I. Introduction - COVID-19 (Coronavirus) Disclosure ).

Allowance for Credit Losses Loans and Leases

The Company maintains an allowance for credit losses ACL under the guidance of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326),
 Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments CECL ). The allowance is established through a provision for credit losses, which is charged to expense. Additions to the allowance are expected to maintain the adequacy of the total
 allowance after credit losses and loan lease growth. Credit exposures determined to be uncollectible are charged against the allowance. Cash received on previously charged off amounts is recorded as a recovery to the allowance. The overall
 allowance consists of three primary components: specific reserves related to collateral dependent loans and leases; general reserves for current expected credit losses related to loans and leases that are not collateral dependent; and an
 unallocated component that takes into account the imprecision in estimating and allocating allowance balances associated with macro factors. See Note 1, located in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for a detailed discussion on
 the Company s allowance for credit losses.

60 

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth the activity in our ACL for the periods indicated:

Year Ended December 31,

(Dollars in thousands)

2022

2021

Allowance for credit losses:

Balance at beginning of year

61,007

58,862

Provision / (recapture) for credit losses

6,057

1,910

Charge-offs:

Real estate:

Commercial

(170

-

Agricultural

-

-

Residential and home equity

(25

-

Construction

-

-

Total real estate

(195

-

Commercial industrial

(324

-

Agricultural

-

-

Commercial leases

-

-

Consumer and other

(62

(44

Total charge-offs

(581

(44

Recoveries:

Real estate:

Commercial

-

-

Agricultural

-

-

Residential and home equity

131

98

Construction

-

-

Total real estate

131

98

Commercial industrial

195

99

Agricultural

53

55

Commercial leases

-

-

Consumer and other

23

27

Total recoveries

402

279

Net charge-offs / recoveries

(179

235

Balance at end of year

66,885

61,007

Selected financial information:

Gross loans and leases held for investment

3,512,361

3,237,177

Average loans and leases

3,278,931

3,084,339

Non-performing loans and leases

571

516

Allowance for credit losses to non-performing loans and leases

11713.66

11823.06

Net charge-offs / (recoveries) to average loans and leases

0.01

(0.01

Provision for credit losses to average loans and leases

0.18

0.06

Allowance for credit losses to loans and leases held for investment

1.90

1.88

The increase in ACL in both 2021 and 2022 was primarily related to higher expected probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio that was directly related to quantitative and qualitative factors associated with
 the current economic environment and overall growth in the loan portfolio.

61 

Table of Contents 

The following table indicates management s allocation of the ACL by loan type as of each of the following dates:

December 31,

2022

2021

(Dollars in thousands)

Dollars

Percent of 

 Each Loan

 Type to 

 Total Loans

Dollars

Percent of

 Each Loan 

 Type to 

 Total Loans

Allowance for credit losses:

Real estate:

Commercial

18,055

37.73

28,536

35.95

Agricultural

14,496

20.64

9,613

20.72

Residential and home equity

7,508

11.01

2,847

10.79

Construction

3,026

4.73

1,456

5.45

Total real estate

43,085

74.11

42,452

72.91

Commercial industrial

11,503

13.59

11,489

13.17

Agricultural

10,202

8.93

5,465

8.52

Commercial leases

1,924

3.20

938

2.99

Consumer and other

171

0.17

663

2.41

Total allowance for credit losses

66,885

100.00

61,007

100.00

Deposits

Total deposits were 4.76 billion and 4.64 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition to the Company s ongoing business development activities for deposits, in management s opinion the
 following factors positively impacted year-over-year deposit growth: (1) the Company s strong financial results and position and F M Bank s reputation as one of the most safe and sound banks in its market area; and (2) the Company s expansion
 of its service area into Walnut Creek, Oakland, Concord and Napa.

Non-interest bearing demand deposits increased to 1.76 billion, or 36.96 of total deposits, as of December 31, 2022 from 1.75 billion, or 37.72 of total deposits, as of December 31, 2021. Interest bearing
 deposits are comprised of interest-bearing transaction accounts, money market accounts, regular savings accounts, and certificates of deposit.

Total deposits have increased 2.57 since December 31, 2021:

Demand and interest-bearing transaction accounts totaled 2.88 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 36.1 million, or 1.27 from 2.85 billion held at December 31, 2021.

Savings and money market accounts increased 144.1 million, or 10.29 , to 1.54 billion at December 31, 2022 compared with 1.40 billion at December 31, 2021.

Certificates of deposit accounts decreased 61.1 million, or 15.56 , to 331.4 million at December 31, 2022 compared with 392.5 million at December 31, 2021.

62 

Table of Contents 

The following table shows the average amount and average rate paid on the categories of deposits for each of the periods presented:

As of December 31,

2022

2021

2020

(Dollars in thousands)

Average Balance

Interest Expense

Average Rate

Average Balance

Interest Expense

Average Rate

Average Balance

Interest Expense

Average Rate

Total deposits:

Interest bearing deposits:

Demand

1,120,198

1,497

0.13

1,024,009

1,128

0.11

787,306

1,618

0.21

Savings and money market

1,542,310

1,981

0.13

1,352,258

1,458

0.11

1,128,623

2,724

0.24

Certificates of deposit greater than 250,000

157,623

460

0.29

170,040

701

0.41

220,952

2,535

1.15

Certificates of deposit less than 250,000

215,044

411

0.19

235,746

730

0.31

268,294

2,236

0.83

Total interest bearing deposits

3,035,175

4,349

0.14

2,782,053

4,017

0.14

2,405,175

9,113

0.38

Non-interest bearing deposits

1,751,797

1,610,611

1,232,874

Total deposits

4,786,972

4,349

0.09

4,392,664

4,017

0.09

3,638,049

9,113

0.25

Deposits are gathered from individuals and businesses in our market areas. The interest rates paid are competitively priced for each particular deposit product and structured to meet our funding requirements. The
 significant increase in short-term interest rates during 2022 has placed pressure on deposit pricing, and we will continue to manage this ongoing impact through careful deposit pricing. The average cost of deposits, including non-interest
 bearing deposits was 0.09 for all of 2022 and all of 2021.

The following table shows deposits with a balance greater than 250,000 at December 31, 2022 and 2021:

December 31

(Dollars in thousands)

2022

2021

Non-Maturity Deposits greater than 250,000

2,872,754

2,708,576

Certificates of deposit greater than 250,000, by maturity:

Less than 3 months

45,078

59,591

3 months to 6 months

30,426

37,182

6 months to 12 months

44,189

59,945

More than 12 months

9,153

12,147

Total certificates of deposit greater than 250,000

128,846

168,865

Total deposits greater than 250,000

3,001,600

2,877,441

Refer to the Year-To-Date Average Balances and Rate Schedules located in this "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" for information on separate deposit
 categories.

The Bank participates in a program wherein the State of California places time deposits with the Bank at the Bank s option. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank had 3.0 million, of these deposits.

Federal Home Loan Bank Advances and Federal Reserve Bank Borrowings

Lines of Credit with the Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank are other key sources of funds to support earning assets. These sources of funds are also used to manage the Company s interest rate risk
 exposure; and, as opportunities arise, to borrow and invest the proceeds at a positive spread through the investment portfolio. There were no FHLB advances at December 31, 2022 or 2021. There were no Federal Funds purchased or advances from the
 FRB at December 31, 2022 or 2021.

Long-Term Subordinated Debentures

On December 17, 2003, the Company raised 10.0 million through the sale of subordinated debentures to an off-balance sheet trust and its sale of trust-preferred securities. See Note 9. Long-Term Subordinated
 Debentures located in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Although this amount is reflected as subordinated debt on the Company s balance sheet, under current regulatory guidelines, our
 Trust Preferred Securities will continue to qualify as regulatory capital.

63 

Table of Contents 

These securities accrue interest at a variable rate based upon 3-month LIBOR plus 2.85 . Interest rates reset quarterly (the next reset is March 17, 2023) and the rate was 7.59 as of December 31, 2022. The average
 rate paid for these securities was 4.76 in 2022 and 3.06 in 2021. Additionally, if the Company decided to defer interest on the subordinated debentures, the Company would be prohibited from paying cash dividends on the Company s common stock.

Capital Resources

The Company relies primarily on capital generated through the retention of earnings to satisfy its capital requirements. The Company engages in an ongoing assessment of its capital needs in order to support
 business growth and to insure depositor protection. Shareholders Equity totaled 485.3 million at December 31, 2022, and 463.1 million at the end of 2021.

The Company and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital adequacy guidelines as outlined under Part 324 of the FDIC Rules and Regulations. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain
 mandatory, and possibly discretionary, actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company s and the Bank's financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt
 corrective action, the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the Company and the Bank's assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The
 Company and the Bank's capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors.

The Company believes that it is currently in compliance with all of these capital requirements and that they will not result in any restrictions on the Company s business activity.

Management believes that the Bank meets the requirements to be categorized as well capitalized under the FDIC regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. To be categorized as well capitalized, the Bank
 must maintain minimum total risk-based, Tier 1 risk-based and Tier 1 leverage ratios as set forth in the following tables as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

The following table sets forth our capital ratios:

Minimum to be Categorized

 as "Well Capitalized" under 

 Prompt Corrective Action

 Regulations

As of 
 December 31,

(Dollars in thousands)

2022

2021

Farmers Merchants Bancorp

CET1 capital to risk-weighted assets

N/A

11.57

11.68

Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets

N/A

11.80

11.94

Risk-based capital to risk-weighted assets

N/A

13.06

13.19

Tier 1 leverage capital ratio

N/A

9.36

8.92

Farmers Merchants Bank

CET1 capital to risk-weighted assets

6.50 

11.79

11.91

Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets

8.00 

11.79

11.91

Risk-based capital to risk-weighted assets

10.00 

13.04

13.17

Tier 1 leverage capital ratio

5.00 

9.35

8.91

On November 15, 2021, the Board of Directors reauthorized the Company s share repurchase program for up to 20.0 million of the Company s common stock Repurchase Plan ), representing approximately 4 of
 outstanding shareholders equity. Repurchases by the Company under the Repurchase Plan may be made from time to time through open market purchases, trading plans established in accordance with SEC rules, privately negotiated transactions, or by
 other means. On November 8, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized an extension to its share repurchase program through December 31, 2024 for an additional 20.0 million of the Company s common stock Repurchase Plan ), which represents
 approximately 4 of outstanding shareholders equity.

64 

Table of Contents 

During 2022, the Company repurchased 21,309 shares under the Repurchase Plan, for a total of 20.3 million.

Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements

Off-balance-sheet arrangements are any contractual arrangement to which an unconsolidated entity is a party, under which the Company has: (1) any obligation under a guarantee
 contract; (2) a retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity or similar arrangement that serves as credit, liquidity, or market risk support to that entity for such assets; (3) any obligation under certain
 derivative instruments; or (4) any obligation under a material variable interest held by us in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk, or credit risk support to the Company, or engages in leasing, hedging, or
 research and development services with the Company. The Company had the following off balance sheet commitments as of the dates indicated.

The following table sets forth our off-balance sheet lending commitments as of December 31, 2022:

Amount of Commitment Expiration per Period

(Dollars in thousands)

Total Committed Amount

Less than One Year

One to Three Years

Three to Five Years

After Five Years

Off-balance sheet commitments

Commitments to extend credit

1,141,036

423,956

203,186

476,671

37,223

Standby letters of credit

17,138

10,770

4,468

1,470

430

Total off-balance sheet commitments

1,158,174

434,726

207,654

478,141

37,653

The Company's exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party with regard to standby letters of credit, undisbursed loan commitments, and financial guarantees is represented by the
 contractual notional amount of those instruments. Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. The Company uses the same credit policies in making
 commitments and conditional obligations as it does for recorded balance sheet items. The Company may or may not require collateral or other security to support financial instruments with credit risk. Evaluations of each customer's
 creditworthiness are performed on a case-by-case basis.

Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee performance of or payment for a customer to a third-party. Most standby letters of credit have maturity dates ranging from 1
 to 60 months with final expiration in January 2027. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Additionally, the Company maintains a reserve for off balance sheet commitments,
 which totaled 2.1 million and 315,000 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

The allowance for credit losses - unfunded loan commitments was 2.1 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 0.3 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in ACL in 2022 was
 primarily related to higher expected probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio that was directly related to quantitative and qualitative factors associated with the current economic environment and overall growth in the loan portfolio.

65 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity

The ability to have readily available funds sufficient to repay maturing liabilities is of primary importance to depositors, creditors and regulators. Our liquidity, represented by cash borrowing lines, federal
 funds and available-for-sale securities, is a result of our operating, investing and financing activities and related cash flows. In order to ensure funds are available at all times, we devote resources to projecting the amount of funds that will
 be required and we maintain relationships with a diversified client base so funds are accessible. Liquidity requirements can also be met through short-term borrowings or the disposition of short-term assets. We had the following borrowing lines
 available at December 31, 2022:

As of December 31, 2022

(Dollars in thousands)

Total Credit Line Limit

Current Credit Line Available

Outstanding Amount

Remaining Credit Line Available

Value of Collateral Pledged

Additional liquidity sources:

Federal Home Loan Bank

757,866

757,866

-

757,866

1,225,175

Federal Reserve BIC

650,925

650,925

-

650,925

883,754

FHLB Fed Funds

18,000

18,000

-

18,000

-

US Bank Fed Funds

35,000

35,000

-

35,000

-

PCBB Fed Funds

50,000

50,000

-

50,000

-

Total additional liquidity sources

1,511,791

1,511,791

-

1,511,791

2,108,929

We believe our liquid assets and short-term borrowing credit lines are adequate to meet our cash flow needs for loan funding and deposit cash withdrawal for the foreseeable future. As of December 31, 2022, we had
 958 million in cash and unencumbered investment securities; 2.1 million in investment securities and 2.1 billion in loans pledged as collateral on short-term borrowing credit lines. We have the option of either borrowing on our credit lines or
 selling these investment securities for cash flow needs.

On a long-term basis, our liquidity will be met by changing the relative distribution of our asset portfolios by reducing our investment or loan volumes, or selling or encumbering assets. Further, we will increase
 liquidity by soliciting higher levels of deposit accounts through promotional activities and/or borrowing from our correspondent banks as well as the FHLB. At the current time, our long-term liquidity needs primarily relate to funds required to
 support loan originations and commitments and deposit withdrawals.

We believe we can meet all of these needs from existing liquidity sources.

Our liquidity is comprised of three primary classifications: cash flows from or used in operating activities; cash flows from or used in investing activities; and cash flows from or used in financing activities. 
 Net cash provided by or used in operating activities has consisted primarily of net income adjusted for certain non-cash income and expense items such as the credit loss provision, investment and other amortization and depreciation.

Our primary investing activities are the origination of loans, and purchases and sales of investment securities. As of December 31, 2022, we had unfunded loan commitments of 1.1 billion and unfunded letters of
 credit of 17.1 million. We anticipate that we will have sufficient funds available to meet current loan commitments.

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

Market risk is the risk of loss in a financial instrument arising from adverse changes in market prices and rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices and equity prices. Our market risk arises
 primarily from interest rate risk inherent in our lending and deposit taking activities. Management actively monitors and manages our interest rate risk exposure. We do not have any market-risk sensitive instruments entered into for trading
 purposes. We manage our interest-rate sensitivity by matching the re-pricing opportunities on our earning assets to those on our funding liabilities.

66 

Table of Contents 

Management uses various asset/liability strategies to manage the re-pricing characteristics of our assets and liabilities designed to ensure that exposure to interest rate fluctuations is limited within our
 guidelines of acceptable levels of risk-taking. Hedging strategies, including the terms and pricing of loans and deposits, and managing the deployment of our securities, are used to reduce mismatches in interest rate re-pricing opportunities of
 portfolio assets and their funding sources.

Our Asset Liability Management Committee ALCO ), which is comprised of members of the Board of Directors and executive officers, manages market risk. ALCO monitors interest rate risk by analyzing the potential
 impact on net interest income from potential changes in interest rates, and considers the impact of alternative strategies or changes in balance sheet structure. ALCO manages our balance sheet in part to maintain the potential impact of changes
 in interest rates on net interest income within acceptable ranges despite changes in interest rates.

Our exposure to interest rate risk is reviewed on at least a quarterly basis by ALCO. Interest rate risk exposure is measured using interest rate sensitivity analysis to determine our change in net interest income
 in the event of hypothetical changes in interest rates. If potential changes to net interest income resulting from hypothetical interest rate changes are not within risk tolerances determined by ALCO, and approved by the full Board of Directors,
 Management may make adjustments to the Company s asset and liability mix to bring interest rate risk levels within the Board approved limits.

Net Interest Income Simulation. In order to measure interest rate risk, we used a simulation model to project changes in net interest income that result from forecasted
 changes in interest rates. This analysis calculates the difference between net interest income forecasted using a rising and a falling interest rate scenario and a net interest income forecast using a base market interest rate derived from the
 current treasury yield curve. The income simulation model includes various assumptions regarding the re-pricing relationships for each of our products. Many of our assets are floating rate loans, which are assumed to re-price immediately, and to
 the same extent as the change in market rates according to their contracted index.

Some loans and investment vehicles include the opportunity of prepayment (embedded options), and accordingly the simulation model uses national indexes to estimate these prepayments and assumes the reinvestment of
 the proceeds at current yields. Our non-term deposit products re-price more slowly, usually changing less than the change in market rates and at our discretion.

This analysis indicates the impact of changes in net interest income for the given set of rate changes and assumptions. It assumes the balance sheet grows modestly, but that its structure will remain similar to the
 structure as of the period presented. It does not account for all factors that affect this analysis, including changes by management to mitigate the effect of interest rate changes or secondary impacts such as changes to our credit risk profile
 as interest rates change.

Furthermore, loan prepayment-rate estimates and spread relationships change regularly. Interest rate changes create changes in actual loan prepayment rates that will differ from the market estimates incorporated in
 this analysis. Changes that vary significantly from the assumptions may have significant effects on our net interest income.

For the rising and falling interest rate scenarios, the base market interest rate forecast was increased or decreased, on an instantaneous and sustained basis, by 200 basis points. As of the periods presented, our
 net interest margin exposure related to these hypothetical changes in market interest rates was within the current guidelines established by us. Our simulation model highlights the fact that our balance sheet is asset sensitive, which means that
 our net interest income rises in a rising interest rate environment.

67 

Table of Contents 

The ratio of variable to fixed-rate loans in our loan portfolio, the ratio of short-term (maturing at a given time within 12 months) to long-term loans, and the ratio of our demand, money market and savings
 deposits to CDs (and their time periods), are the primary factors affecting the sensitivity of our net interest income to changes in market interest rates. Our short-term loans are typically priced at prime plus a margin, and our long-term loans
 are typically priced based on a FHLB index for comparable maturities, plus a margin. The composition of our rate-sensitive assets or liabilities is subject to change and could result in a more unbalanced position that would cause market rate
 changes to have a greater impact on our net interest margin.

Gap Analysis. Another way to measure the impact that future changes in interest rates will have on net interest income is through a cumulative gap measure. The gap
 represents the net position of assets and liabilities subject to re-pricing in specified periods. A gap analysis highlights the distribution of re-pricing opportunities of our interest earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, the
 interest rate sensitivity gap (that is, interest rate sensitive assets less interest rate sensitive liabilities), cumulative interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, the cumulative interest rate sensitivity gap, the ratio of
 cumulative interest earning assets to cumulative interest-bearing liabilities and the cumulative gap as a percentage of total assets and total interest earning assets as of the periods presented. The analysis also sets forth the time periods
 during which interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities will mature or may re-price in accordance with their contractual terms. The interest rate relationships between the re-priceable assets and re-priceable liabilities are not
 necessarily constant and may be affected by many factors, including the behavior of clients in response to changes in interest rates.

Gap analysis has certain limitations. Measuring the volume of re-pricing or maturing assets and liabilities does not always measure the full impact on the portfolio value of equity or net interest income. Gap
 analysis does not account for rate caps on products, dynamic changes such as increasing prepayment speeds as interest rates decrease, basis risk, embedded options or the benefit of no-rate funding sources. The relation between product rate
 re-pricing and market rate changes (basis risk) is not the same for all products. The majority of interest earning assets generally re-price along with a movement in market rates, while non-term deposit rates in general move more slowly and
 usually incorporate only a fraction of the change in market rates.

Products categorized as non-rate sensitive, such as our non-interest bearing demand deposits, in the gap analysis behave like long-term fixed rate funding sources. Management uses income simulation, net interest
 income rate shocks and market value of portfolio equity as its primary interest rate risk management tools.

68 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary
 Data

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , PCAOB ID: 286 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , PCAOB ID: 659 

70 

Consolidated Financial Statements

Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022, and 2021

74 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

75 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

76 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

77 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

78 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

79 

69 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders

Farmers Merchants Bancorp

Lodi, California

Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Farmers Merchants Bancorp and subsidiaries (the Company as of December
 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial
 statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
 Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company
 as of December 31, 2022, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the
 Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
 Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

Change in Accounting Principle

As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for the recognition and measurement of credit
 losses as of January 1, 2022 due to the adoption of the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.

Basis for Opinions

The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial
 reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an
 opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
 Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
 Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
 respects.

Our audit of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated
 financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that responds to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated
 financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of
 internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating
 effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
 opinions.

70 

Table of Contents 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

An entity s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
 reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. An entity s internal control over financial reporting includes
 those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the entity; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
 transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the entity are being made only in accordance with
 authorizations of management and directors of the entity; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the entity s assets that could have a material
 effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
 evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was
 communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex
 judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a
 separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Allowance for Credit Losses Loans and Leases

The Company has a gross loan portfolio of 3.5 billion and related allowance for credit losses (ACL) of 66.9 million as of December 31, 2022. As
 discussed in Notes 1 5 of the Company s consolidated financial statements, the ACL represents management s estimate of expected credit losses over the contractual life of the loan portfolio. The ACL is estimated using relevant
 available information relating to past events, current economic conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts, as well as qualitative adjustments applied on a portfolio segment basis. The qualitative adjustments are used to bring
 the ACL to the level management believes is appropriate based on factors that are otherwise unaccounted for in the quantitative process.

Auditing these complex judgments and assumptions involves especially challenging auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit evidence
 and effort required to address these matters, including the extent of specialized skill or knowledge needed.

Our considerations and procedures performed to address this critical audit matter included:

Obtaining an understanding of the Company s process for establishing the ACL, including the models selected by management to estimate quantitative components of the ACL and qualitative
 adjustments made to the ACL. This includes the process utilized by management to challenge the model results and determine the best estimate of the ACL as of the balance sheet date.

Evaluating the design and testing the operating effectiveness of controls relating to the development and approval of the ACL methodology, management s identification, determination and controls
 related to the significant assumptions used in the models, controls around the reliability and accuracy of the data used in the models, analysis of the ACL results and management s review and approval of the ACL.

71 

Table of Contents 

Determining whether the loan portfolio is segmented by similar risk characteristics by comparing to the Company s business environment and relevant industry practices.

Evaluating the identification and measurement of the qualitative adjustments, including the basis for concluding an adjustment was warranted and compared the adjustments utilized by management to
 both internal portfolio metrics and external macroeconomic data to support the adjustments and evaluated the trends in such adjustments. We searched for and evaluated information that corroborates or contradicts management s
 identification and measurement of qualitative factors.

Testing the completeness and accuracy of internal loan level data used as the basis for the calculation, including management s controls.

Testing the mathematical accuracy and computation of the ACL.

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022.

March 15, 2023

72 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of

Farmers Merchants Bancorp

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statement of financial condition of Farmers Merchants Bancorp and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2021 , the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the year s in the two-year period ended December 31, 2021, and the
 related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
 financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting
 principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express
 an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit s . We are a public accounting firm
 registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
 regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit s in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
 audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
 statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit s provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ Moss Adams LLP

Sacramento, California

March 16, 2022

We have served as the Company s auditor from 2013 through 2022.

73 

Table of Contents 

Farmers Merchants Bancorp

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 

December 31,

(Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS

Cash and due from banks

Interest bearing deposits with banks

Total cash and cash equivalents

Securities available-for-sale, at fair value

Securities held-to-maturity, fair value and , respectively 

Allowance for credit losses - securities

Total investment securities

Non-marketable securities

Loans and leases held for investment

Allowance for credit losses - loans and leases 

Loans held for investment, net

Bank-owned life insurance

Premises and equipment, net

Deferred income tax assets 

Accrued interest receivable

Goodwill

Other intangibles

Other real estate owned

Other assets

TOTAL ASSETS

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY

Deposits:

Non-interest bearing

Interest bearing: 

Demand 

Savings and money market 

Certificates of deposit 

Total interest bearing 

Total deposits

Subordinated debentures

Interest payable and other liabilities

Total Liabilities

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY

Preferred shares, par value, shares authorized and, ne issued or outstanding 

Common shares, par value, authorized, and issued and outstanding at
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital

Retained earnings

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss), net of taxes 

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

74 

Table of Contents 

Farmers Merchants Bancorp 

Consolidated Statements of Income 

Year Ended December 31,

(Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

2022

2021

2020

Interest income

Interest and fees on loans and leases

Interest and dividends on securities 

Interest on deposits with others

Total interest income

Interest expense

Deposits

Subordinated debentures

Total interest expense

Net interest income

Provision for credit losses

Net interest income after provision for credit losses

Non-interest income

Card processing

Service charges on deposit accounts

Increase in cash surrender value of BOLI

Net (loss)/gain on sale of investment securities available-for-sale 

Net gain on deferred compensation benefits

Other

Total non-interest income

Non-interest expense

Salaries and employee benefits

Net gain on deferred compensation benefits 

Occupancy

Data Processing

FDIC insurance

Marketing

Legal

Other

Total non-interest expense

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

Income tax expense 

NET INCOME 

Earnings per common share: 

Basic 

Diluted

Weighted average number of common shares

Basic 

Diluted 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

75 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

Year Ended December 31,

(Dollars in thousands) 

2022

2021

2020

Net income

Other comprehensive income 

Unrealized holding (losses)/gains on available-for-sale debt securities 

Reclassification adjustment for losses/(gains) on available-for-sale debt securities

Amortization of unrealized loss on debt securities transferred to held-to-maturity

Net unrealized holding (losses)/gains on available-for-sale debt securities 

Income tax benefit/(expense)

Other comprehensive (loss)/income, net of tax

Total comprehensive income

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

76 

Table of Contents 

Farmers Merchants Bancorp 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 

(Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Common

 Shares

Amount 

Additional

 Paid-In

 Capital

Retained

 Earnings

Accumulated

 Other

 Comprehensive

 (Loss)/Income

Total

Balance as of January 1, 2020 

Net income

- 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax

- 

Cash dividends declared 
 per share)

- 

Issuance of common stock

Repurchase of common stock 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

Net income

- 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax

- 

Cash dividends declared 
 per share)

- 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Net income

- 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax

- 

Cash dividends declared 
 per share)

- 

Repurchase of common stock 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

77 

Table of Contents 

Farmers Merchants Bancorp 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31,

(Dollars in thousands) 

2022

2021

2020

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Provision for credit losses

Depreciation and amortization

Net amortization of securities premiums and discounts

Increase in cash surrender value of BOLI

Decrease/(increase) in deferred income taxes, net

Loss/(gains) on sale of securities available-for-sale

Net changes in:

Other assets

Other liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:

Net change in loans held for investment

Purchase of available-for-sale securities

Purchase of held-to-maturity securities

Purchase of non-marketable securities

Proceeds from sales, maturities, calls and pay downs of available-for-sale securities

Proceeds from maturities, calls and pay downs of held-to-maturity securities

Purchase of premises and equipment

Purchase of other investments

Redemption of other investments

Proceeds from bank-owned life insurance

Proceeds from sale of assets

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Net increase in deposits

Cash dividends paid

Net cash used in share repurchase of common stock 

Net provided by financing activities

Net change in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:

Cash paid for interest

Income taxes paid

Issuance of common stock 

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash transactions:

Investment securities available-for-sale transferred to held-to-maturity 

Unrealized (losses)/gains on securities available for sale 

Lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

78 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS

banking offices and free-standing ATMs, F M Bank emphasizes personalized service along with a broad range of banking services to businesses and individuals located in
 the service areas of its offices. Although the Company focuses on marketing its services to small and medium-sized businesses, a broad range of retail banking services are also made available to the local consumer market. F M Bank branches are
 located through the mid Central Valley of California, including Sacramento, San Joaquin, Solano, Stanislaus and Merced counties and the east region of the San Francisco Bay Area including Napa, Alameda and Contra Costa counties.

79 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Continued

80 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Continued

days or more with respect to
 interest or principal. When loans and leases are days past due, but in management s judgment are well secured and in the process of
 collection, they may not be classified as non-accrual. When a loan or lease is placed on non-accrual status, all interest previously accrued but not collected is reversed. Income on such loans and leases is then recognized only to the extent that
 cash is received and where the future collection of principal is probable. 

81 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Continued

82 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Continued

83 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Continued

loan segments used in preparing regulatory Call Reports. This allows Management the ability to obtain historical loss
 information for itself as well as its peer group. Additionally, Management s ALM application also utilizes a similar loan segmentation in calculating weighted average remaining terms.

credit cycle). Management has collected historical loss
 information on its own loan portfolio as well as peer group information by the seventeen loan segments over this time horizon using information available from the Federal regulators on the Uniform Bank Performance Report UBPR ).

billion to billion. This peer group segmentation includes banks across the nation. The model calculates the mean historical loss rate over the -year economic cycle for both the Bank and its peer group. The model calculates the stressed historical loss rate over the 15-year economic cycle for both the Bank and its peer group.

of all credit losses over the 15-year
 economic cycle.

84 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Continued

to years

Leasehold improvements

term of lease

Furniture and equipment

to years

Computers, software and equipment

to years

85 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Continued

86 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Continued

87 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Continued

common stock equivalent shares. Therefore, there is no difference between presentation of diluted and basic earnings per common share. 

88 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Continued

million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 

89 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Continued

90 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Continued

Agricultural

Residential and home equity

Construction

Total real estate

Commercial industrial

Agricultural

Commercial leases

Consumer and other

Total allowance for credit losses on loans 

91 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

U.S. Government-sponsored securities 

Mortgage-backed securities (1) 

Collateralized mortgage obligations (1) 

Corporate securities 

Other

Total available-for-sale securities 

U.S. Government-sponsored securities 

Mortgage-backed securities (1) 

Collateralized mortgage obligations (1) 

Other

Total available-for-sale securities 

Mortgage-backed securities (1) 

Collateralized mortgage obligations (1) 

Total held-to-maturity securities

92 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 2 Investment Securities Continued 

Mortgage-backed securities (1) 

Collateralized mortgage obligations (1) 

Total held-to-maturity securities

allowance for credit losses has been recorded for these securities. With regard to securities issued by States and political subdivisions and other held-to-maturity securities, management considers (i) issuer bond ratings, (ii) historical loss
 rates for given bond ratings, (iii) whether issuers continue to make timely principal and interest payments under the contractual terms of the securities, (iv) internal forecasts and (v) whether or not such securities are guaranteed or
 pre-refunded by the issuers. 

U.S. Government-sponsored securities

Mortgage-backed securities (1) 

Collateralized mortgage obligations (1) 

Corporate securities

Total available-for-sale securities

93 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 2 Investment Securities Continued 

Mortgage-backed securities (1) 

Total available-for-sale securities

available-for-sale securities of which were in an unrealized loss position for less than twelve months and 
 securities were in an unrealized loss position for twelve months or more without an allowance for credit losses. Because the decline in fair value is attributable to changes in interest rates and not credit quality and because the Company does
 not have the intent to sell these securities and it is more likely that it will not be required to sell the securities before their anticipated recovery, the Company does not consider these securities to impaired. Management evaluates the
 available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position, relying primarily on industry analyst reports and observations of market conditions and interest rate fluctuations. 

Provision for credit losses

Ending Balance

After one year through
 five years

After five years through
 ten years

After ten years

Total

94 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 2 Investment Securities Continued 

Total

past due principal or interest payments associated with these securities. 

2021

2020

million were pledged to secure public deposits, Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB borrowings, and other government agency deposits as required by
 law. This amount was million at December 31, 2021.

million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021.

95 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Agricultural

Residential and home equity

Construction

Total real estate

Commercial industrial 

Agricultural

Commercial leases

Consumer and other (1) 

Total gross loans and leases

Unearned income

Total net loans and leases

Allowance for credit losses

Total loans and leases held-for-investment, net

and as of December 31, 2022
 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

million of loans for small business customers. As of December 2022 and 2021, PPP loans outstanding were and million, respectively.

billion and million, respectively. The borrowing capacity on these loans was million from FHLB and million from the FRB.

96 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 4 Loans and Leases Continued 

Agricultural

Residential and home equity

Construction

Total real estate

Commercial industrial

Agricultural

Commercial leases

Consumer and other

Total loans and leases, net

Agricultural

Residential and home equity

Construction

Total real estate

Commercial industrial

Agricultural

Commercial leases

Consumer and other

Total loans and leases, net

97 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 4 Loans and Leases Continued 

Agricultural

Residential and home equity

Construction

Total real estate

Commercial industrial

Agricultural

Commercial leases

Consumer and other

Subtotal

Non-accrual loans and leases, are TDRs

Real estate:

Commercial 

Agricultural

Residential and home equity

Construction

Total real estate

Commercial Industrial

Agricultural

Commercial leases

Consumer and other

Subtotal

Total non-accrual loans and leases

98 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 4 Loans and Leases Continued 

Agricultural

Residential and home equity

Construction

Total real estate

Commercial industrial

Agricultural

Commercial leases

Consumer and other

Subtotal

Non-accruing TDR loans and leases

Real estate:

Commercial 

Agricultural

Residential and home equity

Construction

Total real estate

Commercial industrial

Agricultural

Commercial leases

Consumer and other

Subtotal

Total TDR loans and leases

99 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 4 Loans and Leases Continued 

2021

2020

2019

Prior

Total

2020

2019

2018

Prior

Total

100 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 4 Loans and Leases Continued 

Agricultural

Residential and home equity

Construction

Total real estate

Commercial industrial

Agricultural

Commercial leases

Consumer and other

Total loans and leases, net 

Agricultural

Residential and home equity

Construction

Total real estate

Commercial industrial

Agricultural

Commercial leases

Consumer and other

Total loans and leases, net 

101 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 4 Loans and Leases Continued 

Special mention

Substandard

Doubtful

Total Commercial

Commercial

Current-period gross charge-offs

Agricultural

Pass

Special mention

Substandard

Doubtful

Total Agricultural

Agricultural

Current-period gross charge-offs

Residential and home equity

Pass

Special mention

Substandard

Doubtful

Total Residential and home equity

Residential and home equity

Current-period gross charge-offs

Construction

Pass

Special mention

Substandard

Doubtful

Total construction

Construction

Current-period gross charge-offs

Total Real estate

Commercial industrial

Pass

Special mention

Substandard

Doubtful

Total Commercial industrial

Commercial industrial

Current-period gross charge-offs

Agricultural

Pass

Special mention

Substandard

Doubtful

Total Agricultural

Agricultural

Current-period gross charge-offs

Commercial leases

Pass

Special mention

Substandard

Doubtful

Total Commercial leases

Commercial leases

Current-period gross charge-offs

Consumer and other

Pass

Special mention

Substandard

Doubtful

Total Consumer and other

Consumer and other

Current-period gross charge-offs

Total net loans and leases

New loans or advances during year

Repayments

Balance at end of period

102 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 4 Loans and Leases Continued 

Impact of Adopting ASC 326 

Provision / (recapture) for credit losses

Charge-offs

Recoveries

Net (charge-offs) / recoveries

Balance at end of year

Provision / (recapture) for credit losses

Charge-offs

Recoveries

Net (charge-offs) / recoveries

Balance at end of year

Provision / (recapture) for credit losses

Charge-offs

Recoveries

Net (charge-offs) / recoveries

Balance at end of year

103 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 4 Loans and Leases Continued 

Agricultural

Residential and home equity

Construction

Total Real estate

Commercial industrial

Agricultural

Commercial leases

Consumer and other

Total gross loans and leases

104 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Furniture, fixtures, and equipment

Leasehold improvements

Subtotal

Accumulated depreciation and amortization

Total premises and equipment 

, , and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Rental income was , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively and is recorded in other income.

in other real estate owned at December
 31, 2022 and 2021, which includes property no longer utilized for business operations and property acquired through foreclosure proceedings. These properties are carried at fair value less selling costs determined at the date acquired. Losses, if
 any, arising from properties acquired through foreclosure are charged against the allowance for loan losses at the time of foreclosure. Subsequent declines in value, periodic holding costs, and net gains or losses on disposition are included in other
 operating expense as incurred. 

105 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Certificates of deposit greater than 250,000 

Total certificates of deposit 

2024

2025

2026

2027 and beyond

Total certificates of deposit

billion and billion were available to the Company from unaffiliated
 banks, respectively. The average Federal Funds interest rate as of December 31, 2022 was .

million, which is secured by billion in various real estate loans
 and investment securities pledged as collateral. Borrowings generally provide for interest at the then current published rate, which was 
 as of December 31, 2022.

million in pledged
 loans with the Federal Reserve Bank (the Fed ). As of December 31, 2022, the Company s overnight borrowing capacity using the primary credit facilities from the Fed account was million. The borrowing rate is basis points. There were outstanding advances on the above borrowing facilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

106 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

million of guaranteed preferred beneficial interests in the Company s junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures (the Trust Preferred
 Securities ). The Company is not considered the primary beneficiary of the trust (variable interest entity), therefore the trust is not consolidated in the Company s financial statements, but rather the subordinated debentures are shown as a
 liability. These debentures qualify as Tier 1 capital under current regulatory guidelines. All of the common securities of Statutory Trust I are owned by the Company. The proceeds from the issuance of the common securities and the Trust Preferred
 Securities were used by FMCB Statutory Trust to purchase million of junior subordinated debentures of the Company, which carry a
 floating rate based on LIBOR plus . The debentures represent the sole asset of Statutory Trust I. The Trust Preferred Securities accrue and pay distributions at a floating rate of three-month LIBOR plus per annum of the stated liquidation value of per
 capital security. The Company has entered into contractual arrangements which, taken collectively, fully and unconditionally guarantee payment to the extent that Statutory Trust I has funds available therefor of: (i) accrued and unpaid distributions
 required to be paid on the Trust Preferred Securities; (ii) the redemption price with respect to any Trust Preferred Securities called for redemption by Statutory Trust I; and (iii) payments due upon a voluntary or involuntary dissolution, winding
 up, or liquidation of Statutory Trust I. 

, or upon earlier redemption as provided in the indenture. The Company has the right to redeem the subordinated debentures purchased by Statutory Trust I, in
 whole or in part, on or after December 17, 2008. As specified in the indenture, if the subordinated debentures are redeemed prior to maturity, the redemption price will be the principal amount and any accrued but unpaid interest. Additionally, if the
 Company decided to defer interest on the subordinated debentures, the Company would be prohibited from paying cash dividends on the Company s common stock.

107 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

N/A

N/A

Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets

N/A

N/A

Risk-based capital to risk-weighted assets

N/A

N/A

Tier 1 leverage capital ratio

N/A

N/A

Farmers Merchants Bank

CET1 capital to risk-weighted assets

Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets

Risk-based capital to risk-weighted assets

Tier 1 leverage capital ratio

108 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 10 Shareholders Equity Continued 

N/A

N/A

Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets

N/A

N/A

Risk-based capital to risk-weighted assets

N/A

N/A

Tier 1 leverage capital ratio

N/A

N/A

Farmers Merchants Bank

CET1 capital to risk-weighted assets

Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets

Risk-based capital to risk-weighted assets

Tier 1 leverage capital ratio

Denominator

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding

Weighted average number of dilutive shares outstanding

Basic earnings per common share

Diluted earning per commons share

109 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

annual employer contributions, one is discretionary and the other is mandatory. The discretionary contributions to the Profit
 Sharing Plan are determined annually by the Board of Directors. The discretionary contributions totaled million, million, and million for the years
 ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The mandatory contributions to the Profit Sharing Plan are made according to a predetermined set of criteria. Mandatory contributions totaled million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Company employees are permitted, within limitations imposed by tax law,
 to make pretax contributions and after tax (Roth) contributions to the 401(k) feature of the Profit Sharing Plan. The Company does not match employee contributions within the 401(k) feature of the Profit Sharing Plan and the Company can terminate the
 Profit Sharing Plan at any time. Benefits pursuant to the Profit Sharing Plan vest during the first year of participation, per full year thereafter and after 
 such benefits are fully vested.

million to
 the ERP during the year ended December 31, 2022, million during the year ended December 31, 2021 and million during the year ended December 31, 2020. The Company s carrying value of the liability under the ERP was million as of December 31, 2022 and 
 million as of December 31, 2021. The Company s shares of common stock held as investments in the Rabbi Trust of the ERP as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled and with an historical cost basis of million and million,
 respectively. All amounts have been fully funded into the Rabbi Trust as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The consolidated investments held in the Rabbi Trust are recorded at fair value with changes in unrealized gains or losses recorded within
 non-interest income and the equal and offsetting charges in the related liability are recorded in non-interest expense in the consolidated statements of income. 

million in 2022 compared
 to net gains of million in 2021 and 
 million in 2020. Balances in non-qualified deferred compensation plans may be invested in financial instruments whose market value fluctuates based upon trends in interest rates and stock prices.

110 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 11 Employee Benefit Plans Continued 

million for
 the year ended December 31, 2022, million for the year ended December 31, 2021, and million for the year ended December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total cash surrender value of the insurance policies was million and million,
 respectively. 

million to the SMRP during the year ended
 December 31, 2022, million during the year ended December 31, 2021 and million during the year ended December 31, 2020. The Company s carrying value of the liability under the SMRP was million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021.
 The Company s shares of stock held as investments in the Rabbi Trust of the SMRP as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 totaled 
 and shares with an historical cost basis of million and million, respectively. All amounts have been fully funded
 into the Rabbi Trust as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The consolidated investments held in the Rabbi Trust are recorded at fair value with changes in unrealized gains or losses recorded within non-interest income and the equal and offsetting charges
 in the related liability are recorded in non-interest expense in the consolidated statements of income.

million in 2022, million in 2021 and in 2020.
 Balances in non-qualified deferred compensation plans may be invested in financial instruments whose market value fluctuates based upon trends in interest rates and stock prices . 

111 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

112 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 12 Fair Value Continued 

Available-for-sale debt securities

Held-to-maturity debt securities

Non-marketable securities

Loans and leases, net

Bank-owned life insurance 

Financial Liabilities:

Total deposits

Subordinated debentures

Available-for-sale debt securities

Held-to-maturity debt securities

Non-marketable securities

Loans and leases, net

Bank-owned life insurance 

Financial Liabilities:

Total deposits 

Subordinated debentures

113 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 12 Fair Value Continued 

U.S. Government-sponsored securities

Mortgage-backed securities

Collateralized mortgage obligations

Corporate securities

Other 

Fair valued on a non-recurring basis: 

Collateral dependent loans

Other real estate owned

U.S. Government-sponsored securities

Mortgage-backed securities

Collateralized mortgage obligations

Other

Fair valued on a non-recurring basis:

Individually evaluated loans

Other real estate owned 

114 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Stand-by letters of credit, including unsecured commitments of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Performance guarantees under interest rate swap contracts entered into with our clients and third-parties

to 
 months with final expiration in January 2027. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee.

115 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

to years. Certain lease arrangements contain extension options that typically range from to years at the then fair market rental rates. ASC 842 requires lessees to evaluate whether option
 periods, if available, will be exercised in order to determine the full life of the lease. The Company used the first option period, unless it is a relatively new lease that has a long initial lease term or other extenuating circumstances.

million and million, respectively. Operating lease expenses totaled ,000 for the
 year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, operating lease ROU assets and liabilities were million and million, respectively. Operating lease expenses totaled ,000 and ,000 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020,
 respectively.

Weighted-Average Remaining Lease Term - Operating Leases, in Years

Weighted-Average Discount Rate - Operating Leases

116 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 14 Leases Continued 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028

and beyond 

Total lease payments

Discount 

Net present value of lease liabilities

additional operating leases for office space that have not yet commenced or that are anticipated to commence during the first quarter of 2023.

, and fixed rates that
 are most often tied to Treasury indices with an appropriate spread based on the amount of perceived risk. Credit risks are underwritten using the same credit criteria the Company would use when making an equipment term loan. Residual value risk is
 managed with qualified, independent appraisers that establish the residual values the Company uses in structuring a lease. 

million at December 31, 2022 and million at December
 31, 2021.

117 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

State

Total current expense 

Deferred:

Federal

State

Total current deferred benefit 

Provision for
 income tax expense 

State taxes, net of Federal income tax benefit

Low-income housing tax credits

Compensation expense

Bank owned life insurance

Tax-exempt interest income

Other, net

Total provision for income tax expense and effective
 tax rate

118 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 15 Income Taxes Continued

Deferred compensation

Unrealized losses on debt securities 

Accrued liabilities

State income taxes

Lease liabilities

SBA PPP loan fee income

Acquired net operating losses

Low-income housing tax investments

Acquired loans fair valuation

Acquired OREO fair valuation

Other

Total deferred income tax assets

Deferred income tax liabilities:

Commercial leasing

Premises and equipment

Deferred loan and lease costs 

Right of use leasing asset

Core deposit intangible asset

Accretion on investment securities 

FHLB dividends

Prepaid assets 

Other

Total deferred income tax liabilities

Net deferred income tax assets

valuation allowance has been recorded at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

t have any significant
 uncertain tax positions. The Company includes any interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes. The Company does not expect a material change to the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits
 in the next twelve months.

million and 
 million carry-forwards and tax credit carry-forwards.

119 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Investment in subsidiaries 

Other assets

Total assets

Liabilities and shareholders equity 

Subordinated debentures

Other liabilities

Shareholders equity

Total liabilities and shareholders equity

Interest and dividends 

Total income 

Reimbursement of expenses from subsidiaries 

Other expenses 

Total expense 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax benefit

Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries 

Net income

120 

Table of Contents 

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 16 Condensed Financial Statements of Parent Company Continued 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Equity in undistributed net income of the Bank 

Change in other assets and liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:

Payments for investments in non-qualified retirement plans

Securities sold or matured 

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Common stock repurchases 

Issuance of common stock

Cash dividends paid 

Net used in financing activities

Net change in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year

121 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

An evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), of the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures (as required by Exchange Act Rules 240.13a-15(b) and 15d-14(a)). Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO have concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this Report, the disclosure controls
 and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that are filed or submitted under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and timely reported as
 provided in the SEC s rules and forms.

REPORT OF MANAGEMENT

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Farmers Merchants Bancorp

The management of Farmers Merchants Bancorp (the Company is responsible for the preparation, integrity, and fair presentation of its published financial statements and all other information presented in
 this annual report. The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and, as such, include amounts based on informed judgments and estimates made by
 management. In the opinion of management, the financial statements and other information herein present fairly the financial condition and operations of the Company at the dates indicated in conformity with accounting principles generally
 accepted in the United States of America.

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining an effective system of internal control over financial reporting. The internal control system is augmented by written policies and procedures and by
 audits performed by an internal audit staff (assisted in certain instances by contracted external audit resources other than the independent registered public accounting firm), which reports to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.
 Internal auditors monitor the operation of the internal and external control system and report findings to management and the Audit Committee. When appropriate, corrective actions are taken to address identified control deficiencies and other
 opportunities for improving the system. The Audit Committee provides oversight to the financial reporting process. There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal control, including the possibility of human error
 and circumvention or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even an effective internal control system can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the
 effectiveness of an internal control system may vary over time.

The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors is comprised entirely of outside directors who are independent of the Company s management. The Audit Committee is responsible for the selection of the independent
 registered public accounting firm. It meets periodically with management, the independent auditors and the internal auditors to ensure that they are carrying out their responsibilities.

122 

Table of Contents 

The Audit Committee is also responsible for performing an oversight role by reviewing and monitoring the financial, accounting, and auditing procedures of the Company in addition to reviewing the Company s
 financial reports. The independent auditors and the internal auditors have full and free access to the Audit Committee, with or without the presence of management, to discuss the adequacy of the internal control structure for financial
 reporting and any other matters, which they believe should be brought to the attention of the Committee.

/s/ Kent A. Steinwert

/s/ Stephen W. Haley

Kent A. Steinwert

Stephen W. Haley

Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

123 

Table of Contents 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

Farmers Merchants Bancorp management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed by, or under the supervision of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and effected by Management, and other
 personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
 America GAAP ). The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:

(1) 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;

(2) 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with
 authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and

(3) 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

There are inherent limitations in any internal control, no matter how well designed and misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected, including the possibility of circumvention or overriding
 of controls. Accordingly, even an effective internal control system can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of an internal control
 system may vary over time.

Management assessed the effectiveness of the internal control structure over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This assessment was based on criteria for effective internal control over financial
 reporting set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on this assessment, management believes that the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective as of December 31,
 2022.

The Company s independent registered public accounting firm has audited the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, has issued an audit report on the Company s internal control
 over financial reporting. Such audit report expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board as of
 December 31, 2022 that appears on page 71.

Changes in Internal Controls

There have not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the year ended December 31,
 2022, to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. 

Other Information

None

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

Not Applicable

124 

Table of Contents 

PART III

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

Information regarding Directors and Executive Officers is set forth under the headings Annual Meeting Business Matters Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors and Executive Compensation Compensation
 Discussion and Analysis Named Executive Officers Who Are Not Directors of the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting Proxy Statement Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

Information regarding Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports is set forth under the section Other Matters Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports of the Company s Proxy Statement
 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Information regarding the Company s corporate governance and board committees is set forth under the heading Corporate Governance Board of Directors Meetings and Committees of the Board in the Company s
 Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference.

Consistent with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Company has a Code of Conduct applicable to senior financial officers including the principal executive officer, principal financial officer and
 principal accounting officer. The Code of Conduct can be accessed electronically by visiting the Company s website at www.fmbonline.com . The Company intends to satisfy the disclosure requirements under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding
 amendments to and waivers of the Code of Conduct by posting such information on its website, at the address and location specified above.

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation

Information regarding Executive Compensation is set forth under the headings Director Compensation and Executive Compensation of the Company s Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

Information regarding Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation is set forth under such heading under Executive Compensation in the Company s Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by
 reference.

Information regarding the Compensation Committee Report is set forth under the heading Report of the Personnel Committee of the Board of Directors on Executive Compensation under Executive Compensation in
 the Company s Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

Information regarding Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management is set forth under such heading of the Company s Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

Information regarding Equity Compensation Plan Information is set forth under the heading Executive Compensation Qualified and Non-Qualified Retirement Programs of the Company s Proxy Statement and is
 incorporated herein by reference.

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

Information regarding Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence is set forth under the heading Corporate Governance Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions and
 Director Independence of the Company s Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

125 

Table of Contents 

Item 14. 

Principal Accounting Fees and Services

Information regarding Principal Accounting Fees and Services is set forth under the heading Fees and Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm of the Company s Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

PART IV

Item 15. 

Exhibits

List of Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules

(a)

The following documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:

(1)

Financial Statements and

(2)

Financial Statement schedules required to be filed by Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

(3)

The following exhibits are required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K and are included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:

Exhibit

 Number 

Description 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed on Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022.

3.2 

Amended and Restated By-Laws filed on Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022.

3.3 

Certificate of Designation for the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock (included as Exhibit A to the Rights Agreement between Farmers Merchants Bancorp and Registrar and Transfer Company,
 dated as of August 5, 2008, filed as Exhibit 4.1 below), filed on the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2008, is incorporated herein by reference.

4.1 

Rights Agreement between Farmers Merchants Bancorp and Registrar and Transfer Company, dated as of August 5, 2008, including Form of Right Certificate attached thereto as Exhibit B, filed on the
 Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2008, is incorporated herein by reference.

4.2 

Amendment No. 1 to Rights Agreement between Farmers Merchants Bancorp and Computershare Trust, N.A., as Rights Agent, dated as of February 18, 2016, incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-A/A filed on February 19, 2016. 

4.3 

Description of F M Bancorp Capital Stock, filed on Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019.

10.1 

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement effective August 1, 2019, between Farmers Merchants Bank of Central California and Kent A. Steinwert, filed on Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
 June 30, 2019, is incorporated herein by reference.

10.3 

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement effective August 1, 2019, between Farmers Merchants Bank of Central California and Deborah E. Skinner, filed on Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
 June 30, 2019, is incorporated herein by reference.

10.8 

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement effective August 1, 2019, between Farmers Merchants Bank of Central California and Jay J. Colombini, filed on Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
 June 30, 2019, is incorporated herein by reference.

10.10 

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement effective August 1, 2019, between Farmers Merchants Bank of Central California and Ryan J. Misasi, filed on Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
 June 30, 2019, is incorporated herein by reference.

126 

Table of Contents 

10.11 

Employment Agreement effective May 1, 2017, between Farmers Merchants Bank of Central California and David M. Zitterow, filed on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 30, 2017, is
 incorporated herein by reference.

10.12 

Employment Agreement effective August 1, 2022, between Farmers Merchants Bank of Central California and Kyle Koelbel, filed on the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, is
 incorporated herein by reference.

10.15 

Executive Retirement Plan Performance Component as amended on November 5, 2010, filed on Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2010, is
 incorporated herein by reference.

10.16 

Executive Retirement Plan Retention Component as amended on November 5, 2010, filed on Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2010, is incorporated herein by reference.

10.17 

Executive Retirement Plan Salary Component, amended and restated on November 29, 2014, filed on Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, is incorporated herein by reference.

10.19 

Executive Retirement Plan Equity Component, amended and restated on November 29, 2014, filed on Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, is incorporated herein by reference.

10.20 

Senior Management Retention Plan, amended and restated on November 29, 2014, filed on Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, is incorporated herein by reference.

21 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant, filed on Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003, is incorporated herein by reference.

31(a) 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31(b) 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS

Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.

101.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.

101.PRE

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

Filed herewith

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary

None

127 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on
 March 15, 2023.

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

/s/ Kent A. Steinwert

Kent A. Steinwert

Director, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

 (Principal Executive Officer)

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

/s/ Stephen W. Haley

Stephen W. Haley

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

 (Principal Financial Officer)

128 

Table of Contents 

POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Kent A. Steinwert and Stephen W. Haley, jointly and severally, his or her attorney-in-fact, with the
 power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below on March 15, 2023, by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated.

/s/ Kent A. Steinwert

Director, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Kent A. Steinwert

(Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ Stephen W. Haley

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Stephen W. Haley

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

/s/ Edward Corum, Jr.

Director

Edward Corum, Jr.

/s/ Stephenson K. Green 

Director

Stephenson K. Green 

/s/ Gary Long 

Director

Gary Long 

/s/ Kevin Sanguinetti

Director

Kevin Sanguinetti

/s/ Calvin Suess

Director

Calvin Suess

/s/ Craig James

Director

Craig James

129 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 brhc10049536_ex3-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

This composite of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Farmers Merchants Bancorp (the Corporation reflects the provisions of the Corporation s Amended and Restated Certificate of
 Incorporation dated March 9, 1999, as amended by (i) the Certificate of Amendment dated June 5, 2007, and (ii) the Certificate of Amendment dated May 22, 2012; all of which are now in effect and operative as a result of having been previously filed
 with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.

COMPOSITE AMENDED AND RESTATED

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

ARTICLE I.

The name of the corporation is Farmers Merchants Bancorp (the "Corporation").

ARTICLE II.

The address of the Corporation's registered office in the State of Delaware is Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware 19801. The name of the
 Corporation's registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Corporation.

ARTICLE III.

The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware.

ARTICLE IV.

The Corporation is to have perpetual existence.

ARTICLE V.

The name and mailing address of the incorporator is:

Ole R. Mettler

 121 West Pine Street

 Lodi, CA 95240

1 

ARTICLE VI.

The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is eight million five hundred thousand (8,500,000). This Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of
 shares to be designated respectively Common Stock Common Stock and Preferred Stock Preferred Stock ). The total number of shares of Common Stock this Corporation shall have authority to issue is seven million five hundred thousand
 (7,500,000). The total number of shares of Preferred Stock this Corporation shall have authority to issue is one million (1,000,000). The Common Stock shall have a par value of 0.01 per share and the Preferred Stock shall have no stated par
 value.

The designations, preferences, qualifications, privileges, limitations and restrictions of the classes of stock of the Corporation and the express grant of authority to the Board of Directors to fix by resolution the
 designations, preferences, qualifications, privileges, limitations, and restrictions relating to the classes of stock of the Corporation which are not fixed by this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, are as follows:

Section 1. Common Stock .

(a) Voting. Except as provided in this Amended Certificate of Incorporation, and subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding or any other securities of the Corporation, the
 holders of the Common Stock shall exclusively possess all voting power. Each holder of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share held by such holders.

(b) Dividends. Whenever there shall have been paid, or declared and set aside for payment, to the holders of the outstanding shares of any class of stock having preference over the Common Stock as to the payment of
 dividends, the full amount of dividends and sinking fund or retirement fund or other retirement payments, if any, to which such holders are respectively entitled in preference to the Common Stock, then dividends may be paid on the Common Stock, and
 on any class or series of stock entitled to participate therewith as to dividends, out of any assets legally available for the payment of dividends, but only when as declared by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

(c) Liquidation. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, after there shall have been paid, or declared and set aside for payment, to the holders of the outstanding shares of any
 class having preference over the Common Stock in any event, the full preferential amounts to which they are respectively entitled, the holders of the Common Stock and of any class or series of stock entitled to participate therewith, in whole or in
 part, as to distribution of assets shall be entitled, after payment or provision for payment of all debts and liabilities of the Corporation, to receive the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution, in cash or in kind.

2 

Each share of Common Stock shall have the same relative powers, preferences and rights as, and shall be identical in all respects with, all the other shares of Common Stock of the Corporation.

Section 2. Preferred Stock .

The Board of Directors is authorized, by resolution or resolutions from time to time adopted, to provide for the issuance of Preferred Stock in one or more series and to fix and state the powers, designations,
 preferences, and relative, participating, optional, or other special rights of the shares of such series, and the qualifications, limitations, or restrictions thereof, including, but not limited to determination of any of the following:

(a) the distinctive serial designation, the number of shares constituting such series and the stated value thereof if different from the par value thereof;

(b) the dividend rates or the amount of dividends to be paid on the shares of such series, whether dividends shall be cumulative and, if so, from which date or dates, the payment date or dates for dividends, and the
 participating or other special rights, if any, with respect to dividends;

(c) the voting powers, full or limited, if any, of the shares of such series;

(d) whether the shares of such series shall be redeemable and, if so, the price or prices at which, and the terms and conditions upon which such shares may be redeemed;

(e) the amount or amounts payable upon the shares of such series in the event of voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation;

(f) whether the shares of such series shall be entitled to the benefits of a sinking or retirement fund to be applied to the purchase or redemption of such shares, and, if so entitled, the amount of such fund and the
 manner of its application, including the price or prices at which such shares may be redeemed or purchased through the application of such funds;

(g) whether the shares of such series shall be convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or classes or any other series of the same or any other class or classes of stock of the Corporation and,
 if so convertible or exchangeable, the conversion price or prices, or the rate or rates of exchange, and the adjustments thereof, if any, at which such conversion or exchange may be made, and any other terms and conditions of such conversion or
 exchange;

(h) the subscription or purchase price and form of consideration for which the shares of such series shall be issued;

(i) whether the shares of such series which are redeemed or converted shall have the status of authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock and whether such shares may be reissued as shares of the same or any
 other series of Preferred Stock;

3 

(j) the ranking (be it pari passu, junior or senior) of each class or series vis-a-vis any other class or series of any class of Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends, the distribution of assets and all other
 matters; and

(k) any other powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, insofar as they are not inconsistent with the provisions
 of this Certificate of Incorporation, to the full extent permitted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.

Each share of each series of Preferred Stock shall have the same relative powers, preferences and rights as, and shall be identical in all respects with, all the other shares of the Corporation of the same series.

ARTICLE VII.

The holders of Preferred Stock shall not be held individually responsible as such holders for any debts, contracts or engagements of the Corporation, and the Preferred Stock shall not be liable for assessment to
 restore impairments in the capital of the Corporation.

ARTICLE VIII.

No holder of any of the shares of any class or series of stock or of options, warrants or other rights to purchase shares of any class or series of stock or of other securities of the Corporation shall have any
 preemptive right to purchase or subscribe for any unissued stock of any class or series, or any unissued bonds, certificates of indebtedness, debentures, or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for stock of any class or series or
 carrying any right to purchase stock of any class or series; but any such unissued stock, bonds, certificates of indebtedness, debentures, or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for stock or carrying any right to purchase stock may be
 issued pursuant to resolution of the Board of Directors of the Corporation to such persons, firms, corporations, or associations, whether or not holders thereof, and upon such terms as may be deemed advisable by the Board of Directors in the
 exercise of its sole discretion.

ARTICLE IX.

The Corporation may from time to time, pursuant to authorization by the Board of Directors of the Corporation and without action by the stockholders, purchase or otherwise acquire shares of any class, bonds, debentures, notes, scrip, warrants,
 obligations, evidences of indebtedness, or other securities of the Corporation in such manner, upon such terms, and in such amounts as the Board of Directors shall determine; subject, however, to such limitations or restrictions, if any, as are
 contained in the express terms of any class of shares of the Corporation outstanding at the time of the purchase or acquisition in question or as are imposed by law or regulation.

4 

ARTICLE X.

Special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by a majority of the Board of Directors or by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding
 shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereat. Special meetings may not be called by any other person or persons. Each special meeting shall be held at such date and time as is requested by the person or persons calling the
 meeting, within the limits fixed by the By-laws and by law.

ARTICLE XI.

Any action required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of this Corporation, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders, may be taken without a meeting
 and without prior notice, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a
 meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted, provided that the Board of Directors of this Corporation, by resolution, shall have previously approved any such action.

ARTICLE XII.

Except as required by applicable law, there shall be no cumulative voting by stockholders of any class or series in the election of directors of the Corporation.

ARTICLE XIII.

Advance notice of stockholder nominations for the election of directors and of business to be brought by stockholders before any meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be given in the manner provided in
 the By-laws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE XIV.

Section 1. In addition to any affirmative vote required by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, and except as otherwise expressly provided in Section 2 of this Article XIV, any "Business
 Combination" (as hereinafter defined), which shall be consummated at a time when there shall exist an "Interested Stockholder" (as hereinafter defined), shall require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66-2/3 of the then outstanding
 shares of capital stock of this Corporation entitled to vote, voting together as a single class. Such affirmative vote shall be required notwithstanding the fact that no vote may be required or that a lesser percentage may be specified by law or
 otherwise.

In addition to the higher vote requirement, except as otherwise expressly provided in Section 2 of this Article XIV, prior to effecting any such Business Combination all of the following conditions shall have been met:

5 

A. The aggregate amount of the cash and the "Fair Market Value" (as hereinafter defined) as of the date of the consummation of the Business Combination of consideration other than cash to be received per share by
 holders of the Common Stock in such Business Combination shall be at least equal to the higher of the following:

(1) (if applicable) the highest per share price (including any brokerage commissions, transfer taxes and soliciting dealers' fees) paid by the Interested Stockholder for any shares of the Common
 Stock acquired by it (a) within the two-year period immediately prior to the first public announcement of the proposal of the Business Combination (the "Announcement Date") or (b) in the transaction in which it became an Interested Stockholder, if
 within two years of the Announcement Date, whichever is higher; and

(2) the Fair Market Value per share of the Common Stock on the Announcement Date or on the date on which the Interested Stockholder became an Interested Stockholder the ("Determination Date"), if
 within two years of the Announcement Date, whichever is higher.

B. The aggregate amount of the cash and the Fair Market Value as of the date of the consummation of the Business Combination of consideration other than cash to be received per share by holders of shares of any other
 class of outstanding stock of this Corporation shall be at least equal to the highest of the following:

(1) (if applicable) the highest per share price (including any brokerage commissions, transfer taxes and soliciting dealers' fees) paid by the Interested Stockholder for any shares of such class of
 stock acquired by it (a) within the two-year period immediately prior to the Announcement Date or (b) in the transaction in which it became an Interested Stockholder, if within two years of the Announcement Date, whichever is higher;

(2) (if applicable) the highest preferential amount per share to which the holders of shares of such class of stock are entitled in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution
 or winding up of the Corporation; and

(3) the Fair Market Value per share of such class of stock on the Announcement Date or on the Determination Date, if within two years of the Announcement Date, whichever is higher.

C. The consideration to be received by holders of a particular class of outstanding stock of this Corporation (including Common Stock) shall be in cash or in the same form as the Interested Stockholder has previously
 paid for shares of such class of stock. If the Interested Stockholder has paid for shares of any class of stock with varying forms of consideration, the form of consideration for such class of stock shall be either cash or the form used to acquire
 the largest number of shares of such class of stock previously acquired by it. The price determined in accordance with subparagraphs A and B of this Section 1 shall be subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock
 split, combination of shares or similar event.

6 

D. After such stockholder has become an Interested Stockholder and prior to the consummation of such Business Combination and except to the extent that the Corporation may be prohibited by law from making a
 distribution to stockholders: (1) except as approved by 66-2/3 of the "Disinterested Directors" (as hereinafter defined), there shall have been no failure to declare and pay at the regular date therefor any dividends (whether or not cumulative)
 on the outstanding Preferred Stock of this Corporation; (2) there shall have been (a) no reduction in the annual rate of dividends paid on the Common Stock of this Corporation (except an necessary to reflect any subdivision of the Common Stock),
 except as approved by 66-2/3 of the Disinterested Directors, and (b) an increase in such annual rate of dividends as necessary to reflect any reclassification (including any reverse stock split), recapitalization, reorganization or any similar
 transaction which has the effect of reducing the number or outstanding shares of the Common Stock, unless the failure so to increase such annual rate is approved by 66-2/3 of the Disinterested Directors; and (3) such Interested Stockholder shall
 have not become the beneficial owner of any additional shares of stock of this Corporation except as part of the transaction which results in such stockholder becoming an Interested Stockholder within the two year period

 prior to such consummation.

E. After such stockholder has become an Interested Stockholder, such Interested Stockholder shall not have received the benefit, directly or indirectly (except proportionately as a stockholder), of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or
 other financial assistance or any tax credits or other tax advantages provided by this Corporation or any "Subsidiary" (as hereinafter defined), whether in anticipation of or in connection with such Business Combination or otherwise.

F. A proxy or information statement describing the proposed Business Combination and complying with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations thereunder (or any subsequent
 provisions replacing such Act, rules or regulations) shall be mailed to all holders of the stock of this Corporation at least 30 days prior to the consummation of such Business Combination (whether or not such proxy or information statement is
 required to be mailed pursuant to such Act or subsequent provisions).

Section 2. The provisions of Section 1 of this Article XIV shall not be applicable to any particular Business Combination, and such Business Combination shall require only such affirmative vote as is required by law
 and any other provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, if the Business Combination shall have been approved by 66-2/3 of the Disinterested Directors; or, if either

A. there is pending any proceeding or other action by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation pursuant to (S) 1818(a) or (S) 1823(c) of Title 12 of the United States Code in connection with any
 of the banking subsidiaries of the Corporation; or

B. there is outstanding any order of the Commissioner of Financial Institutions of the State of California pursuant to California Financial Code (S) 662, (S)(S) 3100-3132 or (S)(S) 3180-3187
 against any banking subsidiary of the Corporation or any other provision of similar purpose as hereinafter adopted and as the same may be amended at a future time.

7 

Section 3. For the purposes of this Article XIV the following definitions apply:

A. A "person" means any individual, firm, corporation or other entity.

B. "Interested Stockholder" means any person (other than this Corporation or any Subsidiary) who or which:

(1) is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 20 of the issued and outstanding stock of this Corporation; or

(2) is an "Affiliate" of this Corporation and at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 20 or more of the issued and
 outstanding stock of this Corporation; or

(3) is an assignee of or has otherwise succeeded to any shares of stock of this Corporation which were at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question beneficially owned by any
 Interested Stockholder, if such assignment or succession shall have occurred in the course of a transaction or series of transactions not involving a public offering within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933.

C. A person shall be a "beneficial owner" of stock of this Corporation:

(1) which such person or any of its Affiliates or Associates (as hereinafter defined) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly; or

(2) which such person or any of its Affiliates or Associates has (a) the right to acquire (whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time), pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or
 understanding or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, warrants or options, or otherwise, or (b) the right to vote pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding; or

(3) which are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any other person with which such person or any of its Affiliates or Associates has any agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of acquiring,
 holding, voting or disposing of any shares of stock of this Corporation.

D. "Business Combination" shall include:

(1) any merger or consolidation of the Corporation or any Subsidiary with (i) any Interested Stockholder or (ii) any other corporation (whether or not itself an Interested Stockholder) which is, or after such merger or
 consolidation would be, an Affiliate of an Interested Stockholder; or

8 

(2) any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) to or with any Interested Stockholder or any Affiliate of any Interested Stockholder of
 any assets of the Corporation or any Subsidiary having an aggregate Fair Market Value of ten percent (10 or more of the total value of the assets of the Corporation reflected in the most recent balance sheet of the Corporation; or

(3) the issuance or transfer by the Corporation or any Subsidiary (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of any securities of the Corporation or any Subsidiary to any Interested Stockholder or any Affiliate
 of any Interested Stockholder in exchange for cash, securities or other property (or a combination thereof) having an aggregate Fair Market Value of 20 of stockholders' equity or more; or

(4) the adoption of any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of the Corporation proposed by or on behalf of any Interested Stockholder or any Affiliate of any Interested Stockholder; except that this
 provision shall not limit the right of the stockholders to elect voluntarily to wind up or dissolve the Corporation by the vote of stockholders holding shares of stock representing more than fifty percent (50 of the stock then entitled to vote in
 the election of directors; or

(5) any reclassification of the Corporation's securities (including any reverse stock split), or recapitalization of the Corporation, or any merger or consolidation of the Corporation with any of its Subsidiaries or
 any other transaction (whether or not with or into or otherwise involving any Interested Stockholder) which has the effect, directly or indirectly, of increasing the proportionate beneficial ownership of any Interested Stockholder or any Affiliate
 of any Interested Stockholder in the outstanding shares of any class of equity or convertible securities of the Corporation or any Subsidiary.

E. "Affiliate," and "Associate" shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as in effect on February 15,
 1999.

F. "Disinterested Director" means any member of the Board of Directors who is unaffiliated with the Interested Stockholder and was a member of the Board of Directors prior to the time that the interested Stockholder
 became an Interested Stockholder, and any successor of a Disinterested Director who is unaffiliated with the Interested Stockholder and is recommended to succeed a Disinterested Director by a majority of Disinterested Directors then on the Board of
 Directors.

G. "Fair Market Value" means as to the stock of this Corporation the fair market value on the date in question of a share of such stock as determined by the Board of Directors in good faith; and in the case of
 property other than cash or stock, the fair market value of such property on the date in question as determined by the Board of Directors in good faith.

9 

H. "Subsidiary" means any corporation of which a majority of any class of equity security is owned, directly or indirectly, by this Corporation; provided, however, that for purposes of the definition of Interested Stockholder, the
 term "Subsidiary" shall mean only a corporation of which a majority of each class of equity security is owned directly or indirectly by this Corporation.

In the event of any Business Combination in which this Corporation survives, the phrase "other consideration to be received" as used in Section 1 of this Article XIV shall include the shares of stock of this
 Corporation retained by the holders of such shares.

Section 4. A majority of the directors shall have the power and duty to determine for the purposes of this Article XIV, on the basis of information known to them after reasonable inquiry, (A) whether a person is an
 Interested Stockholder, (B) the number of shares of stock of this Corporation beneficially owned by any person, (C) whether a person is an Affiliate or Associate of another, or (D) whether the assets which are the subject of any Business
 Combination constitute substantially all assets of this Corporation. A majority of the directors shall have the further power to interpret all of the terms and provisions of this Article XIV.

Section 5. Nothing contained in this Article XIV shall be construed to relieve any Interested Stockholder from any fiduciary obligation imposed by law.

Section 6. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the By-laws (and notwithstanding the fact that a lesser percentage may be specified by law, this Amended and
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the By-laws) the affirmative vote of the holders of 66-2/3 or more of the outstanding stock of this Corporation shall be required to amend, repeal or adopt any provisions inconsistent with this Article XIV.

ARTICLE XV.

The Board of Directors, when evaluating any offer of another party to (a) make a tender or exchange offer for any Equity Security (as defined hereinafter) of the Corporation, (b) merge or consolidate the Corporation
 with another corporation, or (c) purchase, lease, or otherwise acquire all or substantially all of the property of the Corporation, shall in connection with the exercise of its judgment in determining what is in the best interests of the
 Corporation and its stockholders consider all of the following factors and any other factors it deems relevant: (i) the social and economic effects on the employees, stockholders, customers, suppliers, and other constituents of the Corporation and
 its subsidiaries and on the communities in which the Corporation or its subsidiaries operate or are located, including, without limitation, the availability of credit and other banking services to the communities served by the Corporation; (ii)
 whether the proposed transaction might violate federal or state laws; and (iii) not only the consideration being offered in the proposed transaction in relation to the then current market price for or book value of the outstanding capital stock of
 the Corporation, but also to the market price for or book value of the capital stock of the Corporation over a period of years and the Corporation's future value as an independent entity. "Equity Security" shall have the meaning ascribed to such
 term in Section 3(a)(11) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as in effect on February 15, 1999.

10 

ARTICLE XVI.

Directors of the Corporation shall have no liability to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, provided that this Article XVI shall not eliminate liability
 of a director for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not made in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under section 174
 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or (iv) for any transaction from which a director derived an improper personal benefit. If the Delaware General Corporation Law is amended after the effective date of this Amended and Restated Certificate of
 Incorporation to further eliminate or limit the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as so
 amended.

Any repeal or modification of the foregoing paragraph by the stockholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation existing at the time of such repeal or
 modification.

ARTICLE XVII.

In accordance with Section 203(b)(3) of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the Corporation expressly elects not to be governed by Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.

ARTICLE XVIII.

The board of directors of the corporation shall have the power to adopt, amend or repeal By-laws of the corporation by and through the vote of two-thirds of all directors, other than a By-law changing the maximum or
 minimum number of authorized directors which shall be approved by the vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote.

11 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-3.2>
 3
 brhc10049536_ex3-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.2

Exhibit 3.2 

A M E N D E D B Y - L A W S

OF

FARMERS MERCHANTS BANCORP

(a Delaware corporation)

Last Amended March 29, 2016

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page 

ARTICLE I OFFICES

1

Section 1.1

REGISTERED OFFICE

1

Section 1.2

PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICE

1

Section 1.3

OTHER OFFICES

1

ARTICLE II MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

1

Section 2.1

PLACE OF MEETINGS

1

Section 2.2

ANNUAL MEETING

1 

Section 2.3

SPECIAL MEETING

1 

Section 2.4

NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS MEETING

2

Section 2.5

MANNER OF GIVING NOTICE; AFFIDAVIT OF NOTICE

2

Section 2.6

AGENDAS FOR MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

3 

Section 2.7

QUORUM

4 

Section 2.8

ADJOURNED MEETING; NOTICE

4 

Section 2.9

VOTING

4

Section 2.10

WAIVER OF NOTICE OR CONSENT BY ABSENT STOCKHOLDERS

5 

Section 2.11

STOCKHOLDER ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING

5

Section 2.12

RECORD DATE FOR STOCKHOLDER NOTICE, VOTING, AND GIVING CONSENTS

6 

Section 2.13

PROXIES

6 

Section 2.14

INSPECTORS OF ELECTION

7 

Section 2.15

CONDUCT OF MEETINGS

8 

ARTICLE III BOARD OF DIRECTORS

8 

Section 3.1

POWERS

8 

Section 3.2

NUMBER AND QUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS

8 

Section 3.3

ELECTION AND TERM OF OFFICE OF DIRECTORS

8 

Section 3.4

NOMINATIONS FOR DIRECTORS

9 

Section 3.5

VACANCIES

10 

Section 3.6

PLACE OF MEETINGS AND MEETINGS BY TELEPHONE

11

Section 3.7

ANNUAL MEETING

11 

i 

Section 3.8

OTHER REGULAR MEETINGS

11 

Section 3.9

SPECIAL MEETINGS

11 

Section 3.10

ACTION ON NON AGENDA ITEMS

11 

Section 3.11

QUORUM

11 

Section 3.12

WAIVER OF NOTICE

12 

Section 3.13

ADJOURNMENT

12 

Section 3.14

NOTICE OF ADJOURNMENT

12 

Section 3.15

ACTION WITHOUT MEETING

12 

Section 3.16

FEES AND COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS

12 

Section 3.17

HONORARY DIRECTORS

12 

Section 3.18

ADDITIONAL DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS

13 

ARTICLE IV COMMITTEES

13 

Section 4.1

COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS

13 

Section 4.2

MEETINGS AND ACTION OF COMMITTEES

14

ARTICLE V OFFICERS

14 

Section 5.1

OFFICERS

14 

Section 5.2

DUTIES

14 

Section 5.3

ELECTION OF OFFICERS

14 

Section 5.4

SUBORDINATE OFFICERS

14 

Section 5.5

REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION OF OFFICERS

14 

Section 5.6

VACANCIES IN OFFICES

15 

Section 5.7

CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD

15 

Section 5.8

VICE CHAIRMAN

15 

Section 5.9

PRESIDENT

15 

Section 5.10

EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT

15 

Section 5.11

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

15 

Section 5.12

SENIOR CREDIT OFFICER

16 

Section 5.13

SECRETARY

16 

ARTICLE VI RECORDS AND REPORTS

16 

Section 6.1

MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF SHARE REGISTER

16 

Section 6.2

MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF BY-LAWS

17 

Section 6.3

MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF OTHER CORPORATION RECORDS

17 

ii 

Section 6.4

INSPECTION BY DIRECTORS

17 

ARTICLE VII GENERAL CORPORATE MATTERS

18 

Section 7.1

RECORD DATE FOR PURPOSES OTHER THAN NOTICE AND VOTING

18 

Section 7.2

NOTICE BY ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION.

18 

Section 7.3

CHECKS, DRAFTS, EVIDENCE OF INDEBTEDNESS

18 

Section 7.4

CORPORATE CONTRACTS AND INSTRUMENTS; HOW EXECUTED

19 

Section 7.5

CERTIFICATE FOR SHARES

19 

Section 7.6

LOST CERTIFICATES

19 

Section 7.7

REPRESENTATION OF SHARES OF OTHER CORPORATIONS

19 

Section 7.8

FORUM FOR ADJUDICATION OF DISPUTES.

19 

ARTICLE VIII DIVIDENDS

20 

ARTICLE IX FISCAL YEAR

20 

ARTICLE X CORPORATE SEAL

20 

ARTICLE XI INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES AND OTHER CORPORATE AGENTS

21 

Section 11.1

RIGHT TO INDEMNIFICATION

21 

Section 11.2

RIGHT OF CLAIMANT TO BRING SUIT

21 

Section 11.3

NONEXCLUSIVITY OF RIGHTS

22 

Section 11.4

INSURANCE

22 

ARTICLE XII AMENDMENTS

22 

Section 12.1

AMENDMENT BY STOCKHOLDERS

22 

Section 12.2

AMENDMENT BY DIRECTORS

22 

Section 12.3

CONSTRUCTION AND DEFINITION

23 

iii 

A M E N D E D B Y - L A W S

OF

Farmers Merchants Bancorp

(a Delaware corporation)

ARTICLE I

OFFICES

Section 1.1 REGISTERED OFFICE. The registered office of Farmers Merchants Bancorp the Corporation ), within the State of Delaware is located at 1209 Orange Street in the City of Wilmington, County of New
 Castle, in the State of Delaware and Corporation Trust Company is the registered agent.

Section 1.2 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICE. The principal executive office of the Corporation shall be located at such place within or outside of the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors of the Corporation Board
 of Directors from time to time shall designate.

Section 1.3 OTHER OFFICES. The Corporation may also have other offices, either within or without the State of Delaware, at such place or places as the Board of Directors may from time to time appoint or the business
 of the Corporation may require.

ARTICLE II

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

Section 2.1 PLACE OF MEETINGS. Meetings of stockholders shall be held at any place within or outside the State of Delaware designated by the Board of Directors. In the absence of any such
 designation, stockholders meetings shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation. 

Section 2.2 ANNUAL MEETING. The annual meeting of the stockholders of this Corporation shall be held each year on a date and at a time designated by the Board of Directors. The date so designated shall be within
 fifteen (15) months after the last annual meeting. At the annual meeting, directors shall be elected and any other proper business may be transacted. 

Section 2.3 SPECIAL MEETING. Special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by a majority of the Board of Directors or by the holders of at least a
 majority of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereat. Special meetings may not be called by any other person or persons. Each special meeting shall be held at such date and time as is requested by
 the person or persons calling the meeting, within the limits fixed by the By-laws and by law. 

1 

Section 2.4 NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS MEETING. All notices of meetings of stockholders shall be sent or otherwise given in accordance with Section 2.5 of these By-Laws not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60)
 days before the date of the meeting. The notice shall specify the place, date and hour of the meeting and (i) in the case of a special meeting, the general nature of the business to be transacted, or (ii) in the case of the annual meeting, those
 matters which the Board of Directors, at the time of giving the notice, intends to present for action by the stockholders. The notice of any meeting at which directors are to be elected shall include the name of any nominee or nominees whom, at the
 time of the notice, management intends to present for election. 

If action is proposed to be taken at any meeting for approval of (i) a contract or transaction in which a director has a direct or indirect financial interest, pursuant to Section 144 of the Delaware General Corporation
 Law (the DGCL ), (ii) an amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation, pursuant to Section 242 of the DGCL, (iii) a reorganization of the Corporation, pursuant to Subchapter XI of the DGCL, or (iv) a voluntary dissolution of the Corporation,
 pursuant to Section 275 of the DGCL of that Code, the notice shall also state the general nature of that proposal.

Section 2.5 MANNER OF GIVING NOTICE; AFFIDAVIT OF NOTICE.Subject to Section 7.2 of these Bylaws and, to the extent applicable, provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and
 regulations promulgated pursuant thereto, notice of any meeting of stockholders shall be given either personally or by first-class mail or telegraphic or other written communication, charges prepaid, addressed to the stockholder at the address of
 that stockholder appearing on the books of the Corporation or given by the stockholder to the Corporation for the purpose of notice. If no such address appears on the Corporation s books or is given, notice shall be deemed to have been given if sent
 to that stockholder by first- class mail or telegraphic or other written communication to the Corporation s principal executive office, or if published at least once in a newspaper of general circulation in the county where that office is located. 
 Notice shall be deemed to have been given at the time when delivered personally or deposited in the mail or sent by telegram or other means of written communication. 

If any notice addressed to a stockholder at the address of that stockholder appearing on the books of the Corporation is returned to the Corporation by the United States Postal Service marked to indicate that the United
 States Postal Service is unable to deliver the notice to the stockholder at that address, all future notices or reports shall be deemed to have been duly given without further mailing if these shall be available to the stockholder on written demand
 of the stockholder at the principal executive office of the Corporation for a period of one year from the date of the giving of the notice.

An affidavit of the mailing or other means of giving any notice of any stockholders meeting shall be executed by the Secretary or any transfer agent of the Corporation giving the notice, and shall be filed and
 maintained in the minute book of the Corporation.

2 

Section 2.6 AGENDAS FOR MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS. At any annual meeting of stockholders only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. To be properly brought before an
 annual meeting, business must be (i) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by, or at the direction of, the Board of Directors, (ii) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by, or at the direction of, the Chairman
 of the meeting, or (iii) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. For business to be properly brought before an annual meeting of stockholders by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given
 timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation and must have been a stockholder of record at the time such notice is given. To be timely, a stockholder s notice shall be delivered to or mailed (by United States registered mail,
 return receipt requested) and received at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not less than seventy (70) days nor more than ninety (90) days prior to the first anniversary date of the preceding year s annual meeting; provided, however,
 that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced by more than twenty (20) days, or delayed by more than seventy (70) days, from such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered or mailed (by United
 States registered mail, return receipt requested) and received not earlier than the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the seventieth (70th) day prior to such annual meeting or
 the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. Such stockholder s notice to the Secretary shall set forth (i) as to each matter the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a
 brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting, and (ii) as to the stockholder giving the notice (a) the name and record address of the stockholder, (b) the class
 and the number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are beneficially owned by the stockholder, (c) any material interest of the stockholder in such business and (d) whether the stockholder intends or is part of a group which intends to
 solicit proxies from other stockholders in support of such proposal and if part of a group, the names and addresses of such group members. No business shall be conducted at an annual meeting of stockholders pursuant to a proposal by a stockholder
 unless proposed in accordance with the procedures set forth in this paragraph. 

At any meeting of stockholders called by a majority of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote, no item of business may be transacted if the same or a substantially comparable
 matter (as determined by the Board of Directors) has been submitted to the stockholders within the last twelve (12) months unless approved by the Board of Directors. No special meeting of the stockholders may be called by a majority of the then
 outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote (i) with respect to any matter within twelve (12) months after any meeting of the stockholders at which the same or a substantially comparable matter (as determined by the Board
 of Directors) was included on the agenda, or (ii) if action on the proposed matter would not be lawful (as determined by the Board of Directors). No special meeting of the stockholders may be called within one hundred twenty (120) days after the
 last annual meeting or within one hundred twenty (120) days of the upcoming annual meeting unless approved by the Board of Directors. At any meeting of the stockholders, the Chairman of the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare
 to the meeting that any item of business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with the foregoing and such business shall not be transacted.

To the extent any provision of this Section 2.6 shall be deemed by the Board of Directors or the Securities and Exchange Commission, or finally adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction, to be inconsistent with the
 right of stockholders to request inclusion of a proposal in the Corporation s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a 8 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, such rule shall prevail.

3 

Section 2.7 QUORUM. The presence in person or by proxy of the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. The
 stockholders present at a duly called or held meeting at which a quorum is present may continue to do business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum, if any action taken (other than
 adjournment) is approved by at least a majority of the shares required to constitute a quorum. 

Section 2.8 ADJOURNED MEETING; NOTICE. Any stockholders meeting, annual or special, whether or not a quorum is present, may be adjourned from time to time by the chairman of the meeting or by the vote of the
 majority of the shares represented at that meeting, either in person or by proxy, but in the absence of a quorum, no other business may be transacted at that meeting, except as provided in Section 2.7 of these By-Laws. 

When any meeting of stockholders, either annual or special, is adjourned to another time or place, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place are announced at a meeting at which the
 adjournment is taken, unless a new record date for the adjourned meeting is fixed, or unless the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days from the date set for the original meeting, in which case the Board of Directors shall set a new record
 date. Notice of any such adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.4, 2.5 and 7.2 of these By-Laws. At any adjourned meeting the
 Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting.

Section 2.9 VOTING. The stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.12 these By-Laws, subject to the provision of Sections 217 and
 218 of the DGCL (relating to voting shares held by a fiduciary or in joint ownership or subject to voting trusts). In the discretion of the chairman of the meeting, the stockholders vote as to any matter may be by voice vote or by ballot;
 provided, however, that all elections of directors shall be by written ballot unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation. If authorized by the board of directors, such requirement of a written ballot shall be satisfied by a
 ballot submitted by electronic transmission, provided that any such electronic transmission must either set forth or be submitted with information from which it can be determined that the electronic transmission was authorized by the stockholder or
 proxy holder. 

On any matter other than elections of directors, any stockholder may vote part of the shares in favor of the proposal and refrain from voting the remaining shares or vote them against the proposal, but, if the
 stockholder fails to specify the number of shares which the stockholder is voting affirmatively, it will be conclusively presumed that the stockholder s approving vote is with respect to all shares that the stockholder is entitled to vote. If a
 quorum is present, the affirmative vote of the majority of the shares represented at the meeting and entitled to vote on any matter (other than the election of directors) shall be the act of the stockholders, unless the vote of a greater number or
 voting by classes is required by the DGCL or by the Certificate of Incorporation.

4 

At a stockholders meeting at which directors are to be elected, no stockholder shall be entitled to cumulate votes (i.e., cast for any one or more candidates a number of votes greater than the number of
 stockholder s shares) unless cumulative voting shall be required under Section 2115 of the California Corporations Code and unless the candidates names have been placed in nomination prior to commencement of the voting in accordance with Section 3.4
 of these By-Laws and a stockholder has given notice to the secretary of the Corporation at least two (2) days prior to the date of the meeting of the stockholder s intention to cumulate votes. If any stockholder has given such a notice, then every
 stockholder entitled to vote may cumulate votes for candidates in nomination and give one candidate a number of votes equal to the number of directors to be elected multiplied by the number of votes to which that stockholder s shares are entitled, or
 distribute the stockholder s votes on the same principle among any or all of the candidates, as the stockholder thinks fit. The candidates receiving the highest number of votes, up to the number of directors to be elected, shall be elected.

Section 2.10 WAIVER OF NOTICE OR CONSENT BY ABSENT STOCKHOLDERS. The transactions of any meeting of stockholders, either annual or special, however called and noticed, and wherever held, shall be as valid as though
 taken at a meeting duly held after regular call and notice, if a quorum be present either in person or by proxy, and if, either before or after the meeting, each person entitled to vote, who was not present in person or by proxy, signs a written
 waiver of notice or a consent to a holding of the meeting, or any approval of the minutes. The waiver of notice or consent need not specify either the business to be transacted or the purpose of any annual or special meeting of stockholders,
 except that if action is taken or proposed to be taken for approval of any of those matters specified in the second paragraph of Section 2.4 of these By-Laws, the waiver of notice or consent shall state the general nature of the proposal. All such
 waivers, consents or approvals shall be filed with the corporate records or made a part of the minutes of the meeting. 

Attendance by a person at a meeting shall also constitute a waiver of notice of that meeting, except when the person objects at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not
 lawfully called or convened, and except that attendance at a meeting is not a waiver of any right to object to the consideration of matters not included in the notice of the meeting if that objection is expressly made at the meeting.

Section 2.11 STOCKHOLDER ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING. Any action required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of this Corporation, or any action which may be taken at any
 annual or special meeting of stockholders, may be taken without a meeting and without prior notice, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, is signed by the holders of outstanding shares having not less than the minimum number
 of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote on such action were present and voted, provided that the Board of Directors, by resolution, shall have previously approved any such
 action. In the case of election of directors, a consent otherwise conforming to the requirements of the preceding sentence shall be effective only if signed by the holders of all outstanding shares entitled to vote for the election of directors;
 provided, however, that a director may be elected at any time to fill a vacancy on the Board of Directors that has not been filled by the directors by the written consent of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote for
 the election of directors. All such consents shall be filed with the Secretary of the Corporation and shall be maintained in the corporate records. Any stockholder giving a written consent, or the stockholder s proxy holders, or a transferee of
 the shares or a personal representative of the stockholder or their respective proxy holders, may revoke the consent by a writing received by the Secretary of the Corporation before written consents of the number of shares required to authorize the
 proposed action have been filed with the Secretary. 

5 

If the consents of all stockholders entitled to vote have not been solicited in writing, and if the unanimous written consent of all such stockholders shall not have been received, the Secretary shall give prompt
 notice of the corporate action approved by the stockholders without a meeting. This notice shall be given in the manner specified in Sections 2.5 and 7.2 of these By- Laws. In the case of approval of (i) contracts or transactions in which a
 director has a direct or indirect financial interest, pursuant to Section 144 of the DGCL, (ii) indemnification of agents of the Corporation, pursuant to Section 145 of the DGCL of that Code, and (iii) a reorganization of the Corporation, pursuant
 to Subchapter XI of the DGCL of that Code, the notice shall be given at least ten (10) days before the consummation of any action authorized by that approval.

Section 2.12 RECORD DATE FOR STOCKHOLDER NOTICE, VOTING, AND GIVING CONSENTS. For purposes of determining the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting or to vote or entitled to give consent to corporate action
 without a meeting, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than sixty (60) days nor less than ten (10) days before the date of any such meeting nor more than sixty (60) days before any such action without
 a meeting, and in this event only stockholders of record on the date so fixed are entitled to notice and to vote or to give consents, as the case may be, notwithstanding any transfer of any shares on the books of the Corporation after the record
 date, except as otherwise provided in the DGCL. 

If the Board of Directors does not so fix a record date:

1. The record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the business day
 next preceding the day on which notice is given or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the business day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held.

2. The record date for determining stockholders entitled to give consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, (i) when no prior action by the Board has
 been taken, shall be the day on which the first written consent is given, or (ii) when prior action of the Board has been taken, shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution relating to that action, or the
 sixtieth (60th) day before the date of such other action, whichever is later.

Section 2.13 PROXIES. Every person entitled to vote for directors or on any other matter shall have the right to do so either in person or by one or more agents authorized by a written proxy signed by the person and
 filed with the Secretary of the Corporation. A validly executed proxy which does not state that it is irrevocable shall continue in full force and effect unless (i) revoked by the person executing it, before the vote pursuant to that proxy, by a
 writing delivered to the Corporation stating that the proxy is revoked, or by a subsequent proxy executed by, or attendance at the meeting and voting in person by, the person executing the proxy; or (ii) written notice of the death or incapacity of
 the maker of that proxy is received by the Corporation before the vote pursuant to that proxy is counted; provided, however, that no proxy shall be valid after the expiration of eleven (11) months from the date of the proxy, unless otherwise
 provided in the proxy. The revocability of a proxy that states on its face that it is irrevocable shall be governed by the provisions of Section 212 of the DGCL. 

6 

A stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy by transmitting or authorizing the transmission of a telegram, cablegram, or other means of electronic or written transmission
 to the person who will be the holder of the proxy or to a proxy solicitation firm, proxy support service organization or like agent duly authorized by the person who will be the holder of the proxy to receive such transmission, provided that any
 such telegram, cablegram or other means of electronic or written transmission must either set forth or be submitted with information from which it can be determined that the telegram, cablegram or other electronic or written transmission was
 authorized by the stockholder. If it is determined that such telegrams, cablegrams or other electronic or written transmissions are valid, the inspectors or, if there are no inspectors, such other persons making that determination shall specify the
 information upon which they relied. Any copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reliable reproduction of the writing or transmission created pursuant to the preceding sentences of this paragraph may be substituted or used in lieu of the
 original writing or transmission for any and all purposes for which the original writing or transmission could be used, provided that such copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire
 original writing or transmission.

Section 2.14 INSPECTORS OF ELECTION. Before any meeting of stockholders, the Board of Directors may appoint any persons other than nominees for office to act as inspectors of election at the meeting or its
 adjournment. If no inspectors of election are so appointed, the Chairman of the meeting may, and on the request of any stockholder or a stockholder s proxy shall, appoint inspectors of election at the meeting. The number of inspectors shall be
 either one (1) or three (3). If inspectors are appointed at a meeting on the request of one or more stockholders or proxies, the holders of a majority of shares or their proxies present at the meeting shall determine whether one (1) or three (3)
 inspectors are to be appointed. If any person appointed as inspector fails to appear or fails or refuses to act, the Chairman of the meeting may, and upon the request of any stockholder or a stockholder s proxy shall, appoint a person to fill that
 vacancy. 

These inspectors shall:

1. determine the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of each, the shares represented at the meeting, the existence of a quorum, and the authenticity,
 validity, and effect of proxies;

2. receive votes, ballots, or consents;

3. hear and determine all challenges and questions in any way arising in connection with the right to vote;

4. count and tabulate all votes or consents;

7 

5. determine the result; and

6. do any other acts that may be proper to conduct the election or vote with fairness to all stockholders.

Section 2.15 CONDUCT OF MEETINGS. The date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at a meeting shall be announced at the meeting by the person
 presiding over the meeting. The Board of Directors may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations
 as adopted by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of any meeting of stockholders shall have the right and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such Chairman, are appropriate
 for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board of Directors or prescribed by the Chairman of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (i) the establishment of an
 agenda or order of business for the meeting, (ii) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present, (iii) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders of record of the
 Corporation, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the Chairman of the meeting shall determine, (iv) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof (v) limitations on the time
 allotted to questions or comments by participants, and (v) determine when the polls shall close as to any matter to be addressed at the meeting. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board of Directors or the Chairman of the meeting, meetings
 of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure. 

ARTICLE III

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Section 3.1 POWERS. Subject to the provisions of the DGCL and any limitations in the Certificate of Incorporation and these By-Laws relating to action required to be approved by the stockholders or by the
 outstanding shares, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed and all corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the direction of the Board of Directors. 

Section 3.2 NUMBER AND QUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS. The authorized number of directors shall not be less than seven (7) nor greater than fifteen (15) and the exact number shall be ten (10) until changed, within the
 limits specified above, by a resolution amending such exact number, duly adopted by the Board of Directors. The minimum and maximum number of Directors may be changed by a duly adopted amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation or by an
 amendment to this By-Law adopted by the vote or written consent of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote. 

Section 3.3 ELECTION AND TERM OF OFFICE OF DIRECTORS. Directors shall be elected at each annual meeting of the stockholders to hold office until the next annual meeting. Each director, including a director
 elected to fill a vacancy, shall hold office until the expiration of the term for which elected and until a successor has been elected and qualified. 

8 

Section 3.4 NOMINATIONS FOR DIRECTORS. Nominations for election to the Board of Directors may be made by the Board of Directors or by any holder of any outstanding class of capital stock of the Corporation
 entitled to vote for the election of directors. Nominations, other than those made by the Board of Directors, shall be made by notification in writing delivered or mailed to the President of the Corporation not less than thirty (30) days or more
 than sixty (60) days prior to any meeting of stockholders called for election of directors, provided, however, that if less than twenty-one (21) days notice of the meeting is given to stockholders, such nomination shall be mailed or delivered to
 the President of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the seventh (7th) day following the day on which the notice of meeting was mailed. Such notification shall contain the following information as to each proposed nominee and
 as to each person, acting alone or in conjunction with one or more other persons, in making such nomination or in organizing, directing or financing such nomination or solicitation of proxies to vote for the nominee: (a) the name, age, residence
 address and business address of each proposed nominee and each such person and the date as of which such nominee commenced residency at such residence address; (b) the principal occupation or employment, the name, type of business and address of
 the Corporation or other organization in which such employment is carried on of each proposed nominee and of each such person; (c) if the proposed nominee is an attorney, a statement as to whether or not either he or she or any firm with whom he or
 she has a relationship as partner, associate, of counsel, employee, or otherwise, acts as legal counsel for any banking Corporation, affiliate or subsidiary thereof, or bank holding company, industrial loan company, savings bank or association or
 finance company; (d) a statement as to each proposed nominee and a statement as to each such person stating whether the nominee or person concerned has been a participant in any proxy contest within the past ten years, and, if so, the statement
 shall indicate the principals involved, the subject matter of the contest, the outcome thereof, and the relationship of the nominee or person to the principals; (e) the amount of stock of the Corporation owned beneficially, directly or indirectly,
 by each proposed nominee or by members of his or her family residing with him or her and the names of the registered owners thereof; (f) the amount of stock of the Corporation owned of record but not beneficially by each proposed nominee or by
 members of his or her family residing with him or her and by each such person or by members of his or her family residing with him or her and the names of the beneficial owners thereof; (g) if any shares specified in (e) or (f) above were acquired
 in the last two (2) years, a statement of the dates of acquisition and amounts acquired on each date; (h) a statement showing the extent of any borrowings to purchase shares of the Corporation specified in (e) or (f) above acquired within the
 preceding two years, and if funds were borrowed otherwise than pursuant to a margin account or bank loan in the regular course of business of a bank, the material provisions of such borrowings and the names of the lenders; (i) the details of any
 contract, arrangement or understanding relating to the securities of the Corporation, to which each proposed nominee or to which each such person is a party, such as joint venture or option arrangements, puts or calls, guaranties against loss, or
 guaranties of profit or arrangements as to the division of losses or profits or with respect to the giving or withholding of proxies, and the name or names of the persons with whom such contracts, arrangements or understandings exist; (j) the
 details of any contract, arrangement, or understanding to which each proposed nominee or to which such person is a party with any other banking corporation, affiliate or subsidiary thereof, other than a subsidiary of the Corporation, or bank
 holding company, industrial loan company, savings bank or association or finance company, or with any officer, director, employee, agent, nominee, attorney, or other representative thereof; (k) a description of any arrangement or understanding of
 each proposed nominee and of each such person with any person regarding future employment or with respect to any future transaction to which the Corporation will or may be a party; (l) a statement as to each proposed nominee and a statement as to
 each such person as to whether or not the nominee or person concerned will bear any part of the expense incurred in any proxy solicitation, and, if so, the amount thereof; (m) a statement as to each proposed nominee and a statement as to each such
 person describing any conviction for a felony that occurred during the preceding ten years involving the unlawful possession, conversion or appropriation of money or other property, or the payment of taxes; (n) the total number of shares that will
 be voted for each proposed nominee; (o) the amount of stock, if any, owned, directly or indirectly, by each proposed nominee or by members of his family residing with him or her, in any banking corporation, affiliate or subsidiary thereof, or bank
 holding company, industrial loan company, savings bank or association or finance company, other than the Corporation; and (p) the identity of any other banking corporation, affiliate or subsidiary thereof, other than a subsidiary of the
 Corporation, or bank holding company or industrial loan company, savings bank or association or finance company as to which such nominee or any other such person serves as a director, officer, employee, agent, consultant, advisor, nominee or
 attorney together with a description of such relationship. The chairman of the meeting may, in his or her discretion, determine and declare to the meeting that a nomination not made in accordance with the foregoing procedure shall be disregarded.

9 

Section 3.5 VACANCIES. Vacancies in the Board of Directors may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors, though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, except that a vacancy created by the
 removal of a director by the vote or written consent of the stockholders or by court order may be filled only by the vote of a majority of the shares entitled to vote represented at a duly held meeting at which a quorum is present, or by the
 written consent of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote. 

Each director so elected shall hold office until the next annual meeting of the stockholders and until a successor has been elected and qualified.

A vacancy or vacancies in the Board of Directors shall be deemed to exist in the event of the death, resignation, or removal of any director, or if the Board of Directors by resolution declares vacant the office of a
 director who has been declared of unsound mind by an order of court or convicted of a felony, or if the authorized number of directors is increased, or if the stockholders fail, at any meeting of stockholders at which any director or directors are
 elected, to elect the number of directors to be voted for at that meeting.

The stockholders may elect a director or directors at any time to fill any vacancy or vacancies not filled by the directors, but any such election by written consent shall require the consent of a majority of the
 outstanding shares entitled to vote.

Any director may resign effective on giving written notice to the Chairman of the Board, the President, the Secretary, or the Board of Directors, unless the notice specifies a later time for that resignation to become
 effective. If the resignation of a director is effective at a future time, the Board of Directors may elect a successor to take office when the resignation becomes effective.

10 

No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have the effect of removing any director before that director s term of offices expires.

Section 3.6 PLACE OF MEETINGS AND MEETINGS BY TELEPHONE. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any place within or without the State of Delaware that has been designated from time to time by
 resolution of the Board. In the absence of such a designation, regular meetings shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation. Special meetings of the Board shall be held at any place within or outside the State of Delaware
 that has been designated in the notice of the meeting or, if not stated in the notice or there is no notice, at the principal executive office of the Corporation. Any meeting, regular or special, may be held by conference telephone or similar
 communication equipment, so long as all directors participating in the meeting can hear one another, and all such directors shall be deemed to be present in person at the meeting. 

Section 3.7 ANNUAL MEETING. Following each annual meeting of stockholders, the Board of Directors shall meet for the purpose of organization, any desired election of officers, and the transaction of other
 business. Notice of this meeting shall not be required. 

Section 3.8 OTHER REGULAR MEETINGS. Other regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held without call at such time as shall from time to time be fixed by the Board of Directors. Such regular meetings may
 be held without notice. 

Section 3.9 SPECIAL MEETINGS. Special meetings of the Board of Directors for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the Chairman the Board or the President of the Corporation. 

Special meetings of the Board shall be held upon four (4) days notice by first-class mail or twenty-four (24) hours notice delivered personally or by telephone, including a voice messaging system or other system or
 technology designed to record and communicate messages, telegraph, facsimile, electronic mail or other electronic means. Any oral notice given personally or by telephone may be communicated either to the director or to a person at the office or
 home of the director who the person giving the oral notice reasonably believes will promptly communicate it to the director. A notice need not specify the purpose of any special meeting of the Board nor the place if the meeting is to be held at
 the principal executive office of the Corporation.

Section 3.10 ACTION ON NON AGENDA ITEMS. No action may be taken at any annual, regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors with respect to any matter that was not previously included on the agenda or in the
 notice for such meeting delivered or announced to the directors prior to the meeting if more than one-fourth (1/4) of the directors present at such meeting are opposed to taking action at such meeting with respect to such matter. 

Section 3.11 QUORUM. A majority of the authorized number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, except to adjourn as provided in Section 3.13 of these By-laws. Every act or decision
 done or made by a majority of the directors present at a meeting duly held at which a quorum is present shall be regarded as the act of the Board of Directors, subject to the provisions of Section 144 of the DGCL (as to approval of contracts or
 transactions in which a director has a direct or indirect material financial interest), Section 141(c) of the DGCL (as to appointment of committees), and Section 145 of the DGCL (as to indemnification of directors). A meeting at which a quorum is
 initially present may continue to transact business notwithstanding the withdrawal of directors, if any action taken is approved by at least a majority of the required quorum for that meeting. 

11 

Section 3.12 WAIVER OF NOTICE. The transactions of any meeting of the Board of Directors, however called and noticed or wherever held, shall be as valid as though had at a meeting duly held after regular call and
 notice if a quorum is present and if, either before or after the meeting, each of the directors not present signs a written waiver of notice, a consent to holding the meeting or an approval of the minutes. The waiver of notice or consent need not
 specify the purpose of the meeting. All such waivers, consents, and approvals shall be filed with the corporate records or made a part of the minutes of the meeting. Notice of a meeting shall also be deemed given to any director who attends the
 meeting without protesting before or at its commencement the lack of notice to that director. 

Section 3.13 ADJOURNMENT. A majority of the directors present, whether or not constituting a quorum, may adjourn any meeting to another time and place. 

Section 3.14 NOTICE OF ADJOURNMENT. Notice of the time and place of holding an adjourned meeting need not be given, unless the meeting is adjourned for more than twenty-four hours, in which case notice of the time
 and place shall be given before the time of the adjourned meeting, in the manner specified in Section 3.9 of these By-Laws, to the directors who were not present at the time of the adjournment. 

Section 3.15 ACTION WITHOUT MEETING. Any action required or permitted to be taken by the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board shall individually or collectively consent in
 writing to that action. Such action by written consent shall have the same force and effect as a unanimous vote of the Board of Directors. Such written consent or consents shall be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board of
 Directors. 

Section 3.16 FEES AND COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS. Directors and members of committees may receive such compensation, if any, for their services, and such reimbursement of expenses, as may be fixed or determined by
 resolution of the Board of Directors. 

Section 3.17 HONORARY DIRECTORS. The Board of Directors may elect a director emeritus as an honorary director of the Corporation. 

12 

Section 3.18 ADDITIONAL DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS. No person shall be a member of the Board of Directors (a) who has not been a resident for a period of at least four years immediately prior to his or her election of a
 county in which a subsidiary of the Corporation maintains a banking office unless the election of such person shall be approved by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the members of the Board of Directors of this Corporation then
 in office, or (b) who owns, together with his or her family residing with him or her, directly or indirectly, more than one percent of the outstanding shares of any other banking corporation, affiliate or subsidiary thereof, or bank holding company
 or industrial loan company, savings bank or association or finance company unless the election of such person shall be approved by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the members of the Board of Directors then in office, or (c) who
 is a director, officer, employee, agent, nominee, or attorney of any other banking corporation, affiliate, or subsidiary thereof, or bank holding company or industrial loan company, savings bank or association or finance company, other than a
 subsidiary of the Corporation, unless the election of such person shall be approved by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the members of the Board of Directors then in office, or (d) who has or is the nominee of anyone who has any
 contract, arrangement or understanding with any other banking corporation, or affiliate or subsidiary thereof, or bank holding company or industrial loan company, savings bank or association or finance company or with any officer, director,
 employee, agent, nominee, attorney or other representative thereof that he or she will reveal or in any way utilize information obtained as a director of this Corporation or that he or she will, directly or indirectly, attempt to effect or
 encourage any action of this Corporation, or (e) who has not held, directly or indirectly, shares of the Corporation for more than two years unless the election of such person shall be approved by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (2/3)
 of the members of the Board of Directors of this Corporation then in office. 

ARTICLE IV

COMMITTEES

Section 4.1 COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS. The Board of Directors may, by resolution adopted by a majority of the authorized number of directors, designate one or more committees, each consisting of two or more directors
 to serve at the pleasure of the Board. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent member at any meeting of the committee. Any committee, to the extent provided in the resolution
 of the Board, shall have all the authority of the Board, except with respect to: 

(a) the approval of any action which, under the DGCL, also requires stockholders approval or approval of the outstanding shares;

(b) the filling of vacancies on the Board of the Directors or in any committee;

(c) the fixing of compensation of the directors for serving on the Board or on any committee;

(d) the amendment or repeal of By-Laws or the adoption of new By-Laws;

(e) the amendment or repeal of any resolution of the Board of Directors which by its express terms is not so amendable or repealable;

(f) a distribution to the stockholders of the Corporation, except at a rate or in a periodic amount or within a price range determined by the Board of Directors; or

(g) the appointment of any other committees of the Board of Directors or the members of these committees.

13 

Section 4.2 MEETINGS AND ACTION OF COMMITTEES. Meetings and action of committees shall be governed by, and held and taken in accordance with, the provisions of Sections 3.6 (place of meetings), 3.8 (regular
 meetings), 3.9 (special meetings and notice), 3.11 (quorum), 3.12 (waiver of notice), 3.13 (adjournment), 3.14 (notice of adjournment), 3.15 (action without meeting), and Section 3.16 (on compensation) of these By-Laws with such changes in the
 context of those By-Laws as are necessary to substitute the committee and its members for the Board of Directors and its members, except that the time of regular meetings of committees may be determined either by resolution of the Board of
 Directors or by resolution of the committee, special meetings of committees may also be called by resolution of the Board of Directors and notice of special meetings of committees shall also be given to all alternate members, who shall have the
 right to attend all meetings of the committee. The Board of Directors may adopt rules for the government of any committee not inconsistent with the provisions of these By-laws. 

ARTICLE V

OFFICERS

Section 5.1 OFFICERS. The officers of the Corporation shall be a President, a Chief Financial Officer, a Senior Credit Officer and a Secretary, and may also include, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, a
 Chairman of the Board, a Vice-Chairman and one or more Executive Vice Presidents. Any number of offices may be held by the same person. 

Section 5.2 DUTIES. All officers, as between themselves and the Corporation, shall have such authority and perform such duties in the management of the Corporation as may be provided in these By-Laws, or, to the
 extent not so provided, as may be provided by resolution of the Board of Directors.

Section 5.3 ELECTION OF OFFICERS. The officers of the Corporation, except such officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.4 or Section 5.7 of these By-Laws, shall be chosen by the
 Board of Directors, and each shall serve at the pleasure of the Board, subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment.

Section 5.4 SUBORDINATE OFFICERS. The Board of Directors may appoint, and may empower the President to appoint, such other officers as the business of the Corporation may require, each of whom shall hold office for
 such period, have such authority and perform such duties as are provided in the By-Laws or as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine.

Section 5.5 REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION OF OFFICERS. Subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment, any officer may be removed, either with or without cause, by the Board of Directors,
 at any regular or special meeting of the Board, or, except in case of an officer chosen by the Board of Directors, by any officer upon whom such power of removal may be conferred by the Board of Directors.

14 

Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Corporation. Any resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of that notice or at any later time specified in that notice; and, unless
 otherwise specified in that notice, the acceptance of the resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any resignation is without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the Corporation under any contract to which the officer is a party.

Section 5.6 VACANCIES IN OFFICES. A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal, disqualification or any other cause shall be filled in the manner prescribed in these By-Laws for regular
 appointments to that office.

Section 5.7 CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD. The Chairman of the Board, if such an officer be elected, shall, if present, preside at meetings of the Board of Directors and exercise and perform such other powers and duties as
 may be from time to time assigned to him by the Board of Directors or prescribed by the By- Laws. If there is no President or if the Board of Directors so specifies, the Chairman of the Board shall in addition be the Chief Executive Officer of the
 Corporation and shall have the powers and duties prescribed in Section 5.9 of these By-Laws.

Section 5.8 VICE CHAIRMAN. In the absence or disability of the Chairman, the Vice Chairman, if any, shall perform all the duties of the Chairman. The Vice Chairman shall have such other powers and duties as may be
 prescribed by the Board of Directors or these By-Laws.

Section 5.9 PRESIDENT. Subject to such supervisory powers, if any, as may be given by the Board of Directors to the Chairman of the Board, if there be such an officer, the President shall be the Chief Executive
 Officer of the Corporation and shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision, direction and control of the business and the officers of the Corporation. He shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and,
 in the absence of the Chairman of the Board and Vice Chairman, or if there be none, at all meetings of the Board of Directors. He shall have the general powers and duties of management usually vested in the office of president of a corporation,
 and shall have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these By- Laws.

Section 5.10 EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT. In the absence or disability of the President, the Executive Vice Presidents, if any, in order of their rank as fixed by the Board of Directors or, if not ranked, an Executive
 Vice President designated by the Board of Directors, shall perform all the duties of the President, and when so acting shall have all the powers of, and be subject to all the restrictions upon, the President. The Executive Vice Presidents shall
 have such other powers and perform such other duties as from time to time may be prescribed for them respectively by the Board of Directors or the By-Laws, and the President, or the Chairman of the Board.

Section 5.11 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER. The Chief Financial Officer and Secretary shall keep and maintain, or cause to be kept and maintained, adequate and correct books and records of accounts of the properties and
 business transactions of the Corporation, including accounts of its assets, liabilities, receipts, disbursements, gains, losses, capital, retained earnings, and shares. The books of account shall at all reasonable times be open to inspection by any
 director.

15 

The Chief Financial Officer shall deposit all moneys and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the Corporation with such depositaries as may be designated by the Board of Directors. He shall disburse the
 funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, shall render to the President and directors, whenever they request it, an account of all of his transactions as Chief Financial Officer and of the financial condition of the
 Corporation, and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors, these By-Laws, the President, or the Chairman of the Board.

Section 5.12 SENIOR CREDIT OFFICER. The Senior Credit Officer of the Corporation shall be generally responsible for the credit policies of the Corporation and each subsidiary thereof, and shall have such other powers
 and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors, these By-Laws, the President, or the Chairman of the Board.

Section 5.13 SECRETARY. The Secretary shall keep or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office or such other places as the Board of Directors may direct, a book of minutes of all meetings and actions of
 directors, committees of directors, and stockholders, with the time and place of holding, whether regular or special, and, if special, how authorized, the notice given, the names of those present at directors meetings or committee meetings, the
 number of shares present or represented at stockholders meetings, and the proceedings. The Secretary need not keep minutes of all advisory committee meetings.

The Secretary shall keep, or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office or at the office of the Corporation s transfer agent or registrar, as determined by resolution of the Board of Directors, a share
 register, or a duplicate share register, showing the names of all stockholders and their addresses, the number and classes of shares held by each, the number and date of certificates issued for the same, and the number and date of cancellation of
 every certificate surrendered for cancellation.

The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors required by the By-Laws or by law to be given, and he shall keep the seal of the Corporation if
 one be adopted, in safe custody, and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these By-Laws, and the President, or the Chairman of the Board.

ARTICLE VI

RECORDS AND REPORTS

Section 6.1 MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF SHARE REGISTER. The Corporation shall keep at its principal executive office, or at the office of its transfer agent or registrar, if either be appointed and as determined
 by resolution of the Board of Directors, a record of its stockholders, giving the names and addresses of all stockholders and the number and class of shares held by each stockholder.

16 

A complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at each meeting of stockholders, arranged in alphabetical order and showing the address of each such stockholder and the number of shares of stock registered in the
 name of each such stockholder, shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to such meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the
 city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of such meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the
 meeting and during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. The record of stockholders shall also be open to inspection on the written demand of any stockholder or holder of a voting trust certificate, at any
 time during usual business hours, for a purpose reasonably related to the holder s interest as a stockholder or as the holder of a voting trust certificate. Any inspection and copying under this Section 6.1 may be made in person or by an agent or
 attorney of the stockholder or holder of a voting trust certificate making the demand.

Section 6.2 MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF BY-LAWS. The Corporation shall keep at its principal executive office, or if its principal executive office is not in the State of Delaware, at its principal business
 office in the State of California, the original or a copy of the By-Laws as amended to date, which shall be open to inspection by the stockholders at all reasonable times during office hours. If the principal executive office of the Corporation is
 outside the State of Delaware and the Corporation has no principal business office in the State of California, the Secretary shall, upon the written request of any stockholder, furnish to that stockholder a copy of the By-Laws as amended to date.

Section 6.3 MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF OTHER CORPORATION RECORDS. The accounting books and records and minutes of proceedings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors and any committee or committees of the
 Board of Directors shall be kept at such place or places designated by the Board of Directors, or, in the absence of such designation, at the principal executive office of the Corporation. The minutes shall be kept in written form and the
 accounting books and records shall be kept either in written form or in any other form capable of being converted into written form. The minutes and accounting books and records shall be open to inspection upon the written demand of any
 stockholder or holder of a voting trust certificate, at any reasonable time during usual business hours, for a purpose reasonably related to the holder s interests as a stockholder or as the holder of a voting trust certificate. The inspection may
 be made in person or by an agent or attorney, and shall include the right to copy and make extracts. These rights of inspection shall extend to the records of each subsidiary corporation of the Corporation. No such right of inspection shall
 extend to any confidential information relating to the customers of any banking subsidiary of the Corporation, or other information which the Corporation may not disclose under applicable laws.

Section 6.4 INSPECTION BY DIRECTORS. Every director shall have the absolute right at any reasonable time to inspect all books, records and documents of every kind and the physical properties of the Corporation and
 each of its subsidiary Corporations. This inspection by a director may be made in person or by an agent or attorney, and the right of inspection includes the right to copy and make extracts of documents.

17 

ARTICLE VII

GENERAL CORPORATE MATTERS

Section 7.1 RECORD DATE FOR PURPOSES OTHER THAN NOTICE AND VOTING. For purposes of determining the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or
 entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any other lawful action (other than action by stockholders by written consent without a meeting), the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than sixty (60) days
 before any such action, and in that case only stockholders of record on the date so fixed are entitled to receive the dividend, distribution, or allotment of rights or to exercise the rights, as the case may be, notwithstanding any transfer of any
 shares on the books of the Corporation after the record date so fixed, except as otherwise provided in the DGCL.

If the Board of Directors does not so fix a record date, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board adopts the applicable
 resolution or the sixtieth (60th) day before the date of that action, whichever is later.

Section 7.2 NOTICE BY ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders given by the Corporation under any provision
 of the certificate of incorporation, or the bylaws, or pursuant to the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated pursuant thereto, shall be effective if given by a form of electronic
 transmission consented to by the stockholder to whom the notice is given. Any such consent shall be revocable by the stockholder by written notice to the Corporation. Any such consent shall be deemed revoked if (1) the Corporation is unable to
 deliver by electronic transmission 2 consecutive notices given by the Corporation in accordance with such consent and (2) such inability becomes known to the secretary or an assistant secretary of the Corporation or to the transfer agent, or other
 person responsible for the giving of notice; provided, however, the inadvertent failure to treat such inability as a revocation shall not invalidate any meeting or other action.

Notice given pursuant to this section shall be deemed given: (1) if by facsimile telecommunication, when directed to a number at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice; (2) if by electronic mail, when
 directed to an electronic mail address at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice; (3) if by a posting on an electronic network together with separate notice to the stockholder of such specific posting, upon the later of (A) such
 posting and (B) the giving of such separate notice; and (4) if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the stockholder. An affidavit of the secretary or an assistant secretary or of the transfer agent or other agent of the
 Corporation that the notice has been given by a form of electronic transmission shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein.

Section 7.3 CHECKS, DRAFTS, EVIDENCE OF INDEBTEDNESS. All checks, draft, or other evidences of indebtedness, issued in the name of or payable to the Corporation, shall be signed or endorsed by such person or persons
 and in such manner as, from time to time, shall be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors.

18 

Section 7.4 CORPORATE CONTRACTS AND INSTRUMENTS; HOW EXECUTED. The Board of Directors, except as otherwise provided in these By-Laws, may authorize any officer or officers, agent or agents to enter into any contract
 or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation, and this authority may be general or confined to specific instances; and, unless so authorized or ratified by the Board of Directors or within the agency power of an
 officer, no officer, agent, or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or for any amount.

Section 7.5 CERTIFICATE FOR SHARES. A certificate or certificates for shares of the capital stock of the Corporation shall be issued to each stockholder when any of these shares are fully paid. All certificates
 shall be signed in the name of the Corporation by the Chairman of the Board or Vice Chairman of the Board or the President or Executive Vice President, if any, and by the Chief Financial Officer or the Secretary, certifying the number of shares and
 the class or series of shares owned by the stockholder. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed on a
 certificate shall have ceased to be that officer, transfer agent or registrar before that certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if that person were an officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of
 issue.

Section 7.6 LOST CERTIFICATES. Except as provided in this Section 7.5, no new certificates for shares shall be issued to replace an old certificate unless the latter is surrendered to the Corporation and cancelled at
 the same time. The Board of Directors may, in case any share certificate or certificate for any other security is lost, stolen or destroyed, authorize the issuance of a replacement certificate on such terms and conditions as the Board may require,
 including provision for indemnification of the Corporation secured by a bond or other adequate security sufficient to protect the Corporation against any claim that may be made against it, including any expense or liability, on account of the
 alleged loss, theft or destruction of the certificate or the issuance of the replacement certificate.

Section 7.7 REPRESENTATION OF SHARES OF OTHER CORPORATIONS. The Chairman of the board, the President, or any Executive Vice President, if any, or any other person authorized by resolution of the Board of Directors
 or by any of the foregoing designated officers, is authorized to vote on behalf of the Corporation any and all shares of any other Corporation or Corporations, foreign or domestic, standing in the name of the Corporation. The authority granted to
 these officers to vote or represent on behalf of the Corporation any and all shares held by the Corporation in any other corporation or corporations may be exercised by any of these officers in person or by any person authorized to do so by a proxy
 duly executed by these officers.

Section 7.8 FORUM FOR ADJUDICATION OF DISPUTES. 

19 

Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action
 asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary or other duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision
 of the Delaware General Corporation Law or the Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws (as either may be amended from time to time), or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, shall be the Court of Chancery in
 the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware). If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope of the preceding sentence is filed in a court
 other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a Foreign Action in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to (i) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the
 State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the provisions of the preceding sentence and (ii) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such action by service upon such stockholder s
 counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder.

ARTICLE VIII

DIVIDENDS

Subject to any agreement to which the Corporation is a party or by which it is bound, the Board of Directors may declare to be payable, in cash, in other property or in stock of the Corporation of any class or series,
 such dividends in respect of outstanding stock of the Corporation of any class or series as the Board of Directors may at any time deem to be advisable. Before declaring any such dividend, the Board of Directors may cause to be set aside any funds
 or other property or assets of the Corporation legally available for the payment of dividends.

ARTICLE IX

FISCAL YEAR

The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be the calendar year, unless determined otherwise by resolution of the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE X

CORPORATE SEAL

The Corporate Seal, if there shall be one, shall be in such form and shall bear such words and figures as shall be approved from time to time by the Board of Directors.

20 

ARTICLE XI

INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES AND OTHER CORPORATE AGENTS

Section 11.1 RIGHT TO INDEMNIFICATION. Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is involved in any action, suit proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
 investigative (hereinafter a proceeding ), by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person of whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a director or executive officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the
 Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another Corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, or was a director or executive officer of a
 foreign or domestic Corporation which was a predecessor of the Corporation or of another enterprise at the request of such predecessor Corporation, whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director or
 executive officer or in any other capacity while serving as a director or executive officer shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but,
 in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than said law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment), against all expense, liability
 and loss (including attorney s fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes of penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such person in connection therewith and such indemnification shall continue as
 to a person who has ceased to be a director or executive officer and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators; provided, however, that, except as provided in Section 11.2 of these By-Laws, the Corporation shall
 indemnify and such person seeking indemnification in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. The right to
 indemnification conferred in this Section 11.1 shall be a contract right and shall include the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition; provided, however, that
 if the DGCL requires the payment of such expenses incurred by a director or officer in his or her capacity as a director or officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such person while a director or officer,
 including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) in advance of the final disposition of a proceeding, shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such director or officer, to repay,
 all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that such director or officer is not entitled to be indemnified under this Section 11.1 or otherwise. The Corporation may by action of its Board of Directors, provide indemnification to
 employees and agents of the Corporation with the same scope and effect as the foregoing indemnification of directors and officers. This Article XI shall create a right of indemnification for each such indemnifiable party whether or not the
 proceeding to which the indemnification relates arose in whole or in part prior to adoption of this Article XI (or the adoption of the comparable provisions of the By-Laws of the Corporation s predecessor Corporation).

Section 11.2 RIGHT OF CLAIMANT TO BRING SUIT. If a claim under Section 11.1 of these By-Laws is not paid in full by the Corporation within thirty (30) days after a written claim has been received by the
 Corporation, the claimant may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim and, if successful in whole or in part, the claimant shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting such
 claim. It shall be a defense to any such action (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for expenses incurred in defending any proceeding in advance of its final disposition where the required undertaking, if any is required, has been
 tendered to the Corporation) that the claimant has not met the standards of conduct which make it permissible under the DGCL for the Corporation to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed, but the burden of proving such defense shall be on
 the Corporation. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant
 is proper to the circumstances because he or she has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) that
 the claimant has not met such applicable standard or conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that the claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

21 

Section 11.3 NONEXCLUSIVITY OF RIGHTS. The right to indemnification and the payment of expenses incurred in defending a proceeding in advance of its final disposition conferred in this Article XI shall not be
 exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, any Bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.

Section 11.4 INSURANCE. The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
 trust or other enterprise against any such expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL.

ARTICLE XII

AMENDMENTS

Section 12.1 AMENDMENT BY STOCKHOLDERS. New By-Laws may be adopted or these By-Laws may be amended or repealed by the vote or written consent of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote;
 provided, however, that if the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation shall set forth the number of authorized directors of the Corporation, the authorized number of directors may be changed only an amendment of the Certificate of
 Incorporation.

Section 12.2 AMENDMENT BY DIRECTORS. Subject to the rights of the stockholders as provided in Section 12.1 of these By-Laws, By-Laws or amendments to existing By-Laws, other than a By-Law or an amendment of a By-Law
 changing the authorized number of directors, may be adopted, amended or repealed by the Board of Directors by and through the vote of two-thirds of all directors.

22 

Section 12.3 CONSTRUCTION AND DEFINITION. Unless the context requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of construction and definitions in the DGCL shall govern the construction of these By-Laws. Without
 limiting the generality of this provision, the singular number includes the plural, the plural number includes the singular, and the term person includes both a corporation and a natural person.

23 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-31.A>
 4
 brhc10049536_ex31-a.htm
 EXHIBIT 31(A)

Exhibit 31(a)

Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

I, Kent A. Steinwert, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Farmers Merchants Bancorp;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
 for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
 this report based on such evaluation; and

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors
 (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and
 report financial information; and

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

March 15, 2023

/s/ Kent A. Steinwert

Kent A. Steinwert

President and Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 5
 brhc10049536_ex31-b.htm
 EXHIBIT 31(B)

Exhibit 31(b)

Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

I, Stephen W. Haley, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Farmers Merchants Bancorp;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
 for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
 this report based on such evaluation; and

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors
 (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and
 report financial information; and

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

March 15, 2023

/s/ Stephen W. Haley

Stephen W. Haley

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer)

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32>
 6
 brhc10049536_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,

 as Adopted Pursuant to

 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Farmers Merchants Bancorp (the Company on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
 hereof (the Report ), we, Kent A. Steinwert, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Mark K. Olson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
 to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to our knowledge:

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

March 15, 2023

/s/ Kent A. Steinwert

Kent A. Steinwert

President and Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

March 15, 2023

/s/ Stephen W. Haley

Stephen W. Haley

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer)

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 fmcb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 fmcb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 fmcb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 fmcb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 fmcb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

