<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_885462_0001193805-23-000424.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6956244</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>261028</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1579791</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1781537</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1324989</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1813286</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193805-23-000424.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331163128
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193805-23-000424
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		108
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GULF RESOURCES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000885462
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CHEMICALS & ALLIED PRODUCTS [2800]
		IRS NUMBER:				133637458
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34499
		FILM NUMBER:		23788337

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		LEVEL 11, VEGETABLE BUILDING
		STREET 2:		INDUSTRIAL PARK OF THE EAST CITY
		CITY:			SHOUGUANG CITY, SHANDONG
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			262700
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86 (536) 567-0008

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		LEVEL 11, VEGETABLE BUILDING
		STREET 2:		INDUSTRIAL PARK OF THE EAST CITY
		CITY:			SHOUGUANG CITY, SHANDONG
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			262700

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DIVERSIFAX INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940331

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193805-23-000424.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 e618383_10k-gulf.htm

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ________________ 
to ________________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , Shandong , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

+ 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol (s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

NASDAQ Global Select Market 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value
of the common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates (excluding shares held by directors, officers and others holding more than
5 of the outstanding shares of the class) was approximately million based upon a closing sale price of 4.355 on June
30, 2022. 

As of March 31, 2023, the registrant had outstanding
 shares of common stock. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: None. 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 16 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 21 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 21 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 28 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 28 

PART II 
 29 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 29 
 
 Item 6. 
 [ Reserved]. 
 29 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 30 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 40 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 40 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 41 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 41 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 43 
 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspection 
 43 

PART III 
 43 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 43 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 48 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 52 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, Director Independence 
 53 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 53 

PART IV 
 54 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 54 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 55 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 56 

i 

Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Information 

This report contains forward-looking statements
that reflect management s current views and expectations with respect to our business, strategies, future results and events, and
financial performance. All statements made in this report other than statements of historical fact, including statements that address
operating performance, events or developments that management expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future, including statements
related to future reserves, cash flows, revenues, profitability, adequacy of funds from operations, statements expressing general optimism
about future operating results and non-historical information, are forward-looking statements. In particular, the words believe ,
 expect , intend , anticipate , estimate , plan , may , will ,
variations of such words and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying such
statements and their absence does not mean that the statement is not forward-looking. Readers should not place undue reliance on
forward-looking statements which are based on management s current expectations and projections about future events, are not guarantees
of future performance, are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results, performance or achievements could differ
materially from the results expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such
differences include those discussed in this report, particularly under the caption Risk Factors . Except as required
under the federal securities laws, we do not undertake any obligation to update the forward-looking statements in this report. 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Introduction 

We manufacture and trade bromine and crude salt,
natural gas, manufacture and sell chemical products used in oil and gas field explorations and papermaking chemical agents, and materials
for human and animal antibiotics . To date, our products have been sold only within the People s Republic of China. As used
in this report, the terms we, us, our, Company and Gulf Resources 
refers to Gulf Resources, Inc., a holding company and/or its consolidated wholly-owned subsidiaries, and the terms ton and
 tons refers to metric tons, in each case, unless otherwise stated or the context requires otherwise. 

The functional currency of the Company s
operating foreign subsidiaries is the Renminbi RMB ), which had an average exchange rate of 0.15501 and 0.14908 during
fiscal years 2021 and 2022, respectively, the reporting currency of the Company is the United States dollar USD or ). 

Our Corporate History and Corporate Structure 

We (Gulf Resources Inc.) were originally incorporated
in Delaware and subsequently re-incorporated in Nevada. From November 1993 through August 2006, we were engaged in the business of owning,
leasing and operating coin and debit card pay-per copy photocopy machines, fax machines, microfilm reader-printers and accessory equipment
under the name Diversifax, Inc. . Due to the increased use of internet services, demand for our services declined sharply,
and in August 2006, our Board of Directors decided to discontinue our operations. 

Upper Class Group Limited, incorporated in the
British Virgin Islands in July 2006, acquired all the outstanding stock of Shouguang City Haoyuan Chemical Company Limited SCHC ),
a company incorporated in Shouguang City, Shandong Province, the People s Republic of China (the PRC ), in May 2005.
At the time of the acquisition, members of the family of Mr. Ming Yang, our president and former chief executive officer, owned approximately
63.20 of the outstanding shares of Upper Class Group Limited. Since the ownership of Upper Class Group Limited and SCHC was then substantially
the same, the acquisition was accounted for as a transaction between entities under common control, whereby Upper Class Group Limited
recognized the assets and liabilities transferred at their carrying amounts. 

1 

On December 12, 2006, our Company, then known
as Diversifax, Inc., a public shell company, acquired Upper Class Group Limited and SCHC. Under the terms of the agreement,
the stockholders of Upper Class Group Limited received 13,250,000 (restated for the 2-for-1 stock split in 2007 and the 1-for-4 stock
split in 2009) shares of our voting common stock in exchange for all outstanding shares of Upper Class Group Limited. Members of the Yang
family received approximately 62 of our common stock as a result of the acquisition. Under accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States, the share exchange is considered to be a capital transaction rather than a business combination. That is, the share
exchange is equivalent to the issuance of stock by Upper Class Group Limited for the net assets of Gulf Resources, Inc., accompanied by
a recapitalization, and is accounted for as a change in capital structure. Accordingly, the accounting for the share exchange is identical
to that resulting from a reverse acquisition, except no goodwill is recorded. Under reverse takeover accounting, the post reverse acquisition
comparative historical consolidated financial statements of the legal acquirer, Diversifax, Inc., are those of the legal acquiree, Upper
Class Group Limited. Share and per share amounts stated have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the share exchange. On February 20,
2007, we changed our corporate name to Gulf Resources, Inc. 

On February 5, 2007, we acquired Shouguang Yuxin
Chemical Industry Co., Limited SYCI ), a company incorporated in the People s Republic of China. Under the terms of
the acquisition agreement, the stockholders of SYCI received a total of 8,094,059 (restated for the 2-for-1 stock split in 2007 and the
1-for-4 stock split in 2009) shares of common stock of Gulf Resources, Inc. in exchange for all outstanding shares of SYCI s common
stock. Simultaneously with the completion of the acquisition, a dividend of 2,550,000 was paid to the former stockholders of SYCI. At
the time of the acquisition, approximately 49.1 of the outstanding shares of SYCI were owned by Ms. Yu, Mr. Yang s wife, and the
remaining 50.9 of the outstanding shares of SYCI were owned by SCHC, all of whose outstanding shares were owned by Mr. Yang and his wife.
Since the ownership of Gulf Resources, Inc. and SYCI are substantially the same, the acquisition was accounted for as a transaction between
entities under common control, whereby Gulf Resources, Inc. recognized the assets and liabilities of SYCI at their carrying amounts. Share
and per share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the acquisition. 

To satisfy certain ministerial requirements necessary
to confirm certain government approvals required in connection with the acquisition of SCHC by Upper Class Group Limited, all of the equity
interest of SCHC were transferred to a newly formed Hong Kong corporation named Hong Kong Jiaxing Industrial Limited Hong Kong
Jiaxing all of the outstanding shares of which are owned by Upper Class Group Limited. The transfer of all of the equity interest
of SCHC to Hong Kong Jiaxing received approval from the local State Administration of Industry and Commerce on December 10, 2007. 

As a result of the transactions described above,
our corporate structure is linear. That is Gulf Resources owns 100 of the outstanding shares of Upper Class Group Limited, which owns
100 of the outstanding shares of Hong Kong Jiaxing, which owns 100 of the outstanding shares of SCHC, which owns 100 of the outstanding
shares of SYCI. Further, as a result of our acquisitions of SCHC and SYCI, our historical consolidated financial statements, as contained
in our Consolidated Financial Statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis, appearing elsewhere in the report, reflect the
accounts of SCHC and SYCI. 

On January 12, 2015, the Company and SCHC entered
into an Equity Interest Transfer Agreement with Shouguang City Rongyuan Chemical Co., Ltd SCRC pursuant to which SCHC
agreed to acquire SCRC and all rights, title and interest in and to all assets owned by SCRC, a leading manufacturer of materials for
human and animal antibiotics in China and other parts of Asia. 

On February 4, 2015, the Company closed the transactions
contemplated by the agreement between the Company, SCHC and SCRC. On the closing Date, the Company issued 7,268,011 shares of its
common stock, par value 0.0005 per share (the Shares ), at the closing market price of 1.84 per Share on the closing date
to the four former equity owners of SCRC .The issuance of the Shares was exempt from registration pursuant to Regulation S of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended. On the Closing Date, the Company entered into a lock-up agreement with the four former equity owners of SCRC.
In accordance with the terms of the lock-up agreement, the shareholders agreed not to sell or transfer the Shares for five years from
the date the stock certificates evidencing the Shares were issued. 

2 

The sellers of SCRC agreed as part of the purchase
price to accept the Shares, based on a valuation of 10.00 (restated for the 1-for-5 reverse stock split in January 2020), which was a
73 premium to the price on the day the agreement was reached. For accounting purposes, the Shares were valued at 9.20 (restated for
the 1-for-5 reverse stock split in January 2020), which was the closing price of our stock on the closing date of the agreement. The price
difference between the original sale price of 10.00 (restated for the 1-for-5 reverse stock split in January 2020) and the 9.20 (restated
for the 1-for-5 reverse stock split in January 2020) closing price of our stock on the closing date of the agreement is solely for accounting
purposes. There has been no change in the number of shares issued. 

On November 24, 2015, Gulf Resources, Inc., a
Delaware corporation, consummated a merger with and into its wholly-owned subsidiary, Gulf Resources, Inc., a Nevada corporation. As a
result of the reincorporation, the Company is now a Nevada corporation. 

On December 15, 2015, the Company registered a
new subsidiary in the Sichuan Province of the PRC named Daying County Haoyuan Chemical Company Limited DCHC with registered
capital of RMB50,000,000, and there was RMB14,848,730 capital contributed by SCHC as of December 31, 2021. DCHC was established to further
explore and develop natural gas and brine resources (including bromine and crude salt) in China. 

On September 2, 2016, the Company announced the
planned merger of two of its 100 owned subsidiaries, SYCI and SCRC. On March 24, 2017, the legal process of the merger was completed
and SCRC was officially deregistered on March 28, 2017. The results of these two subsidiaries were reported under SYCI in the fiscal year
2018. 

On January 27, 2020, we completed a 1-for-5 reverse
stock split of our common stock, such that for each five shares outstanding prior to the stock split there was one share outstanding after
the reverse stock split. All shares of common stock referenced in this report have been adjusted to reflect the stock split figures. On
January 28, 2020, our shares began trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the new CUSIP # 40251W. 

In April 2022, Shouguang Hengde Salt Industry
Co. Ltd, our subsidiary, was incorporated in Shandong Province, China, for crude salt production and trading. 

Corporate Structure 

Our current corporate structure chart is set forth
in the following diagram: 

3 

Currently, we operate our business through our
wholly-owned subsidiaries in China, including (i) Shouguang City Haoyuan Chemical Company Limited, or SCHC; (ii) Shouguang Yuxin Chemical
Industry Co., Limited, or SYCI; and (iii) Daying County Haoyuan Chemical Co., Ltd., or DCHC, (IV) Shouguang Hengde Salt Industry Co. Limited,
or SHSI, each a PRC company. 

Our executive offices are located at Level 11,
Vegetable Building, Industrial Park of the East in Shouguang City, Shandong Province, P.R.C. Our telephone number is +86 (536) 5670008.
Our website address is www.gulfresourcesinc.com. The information contained on or accessed through our website is not intended to constitute
and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Form 10-K. 

Recent Regulatory Developments in China 

Because all of our operations are conducted in
China through our wholly-owned subsidiaries, the Chinese government may exercise significant oversight and discretion over the conduct
of our business and may intervene in or influence our operations at any time, which could result in a material change in our operations
and/or the value of our common stock. 

Recent statements by the Chinese government have
indicated an intent to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investments in China
based issuers. Any future action by the Chinese government expanding the categories of industries and companies whose foreign securities
offerings are subject to government review could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities
to investors and could cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

Recently, the PRC government initiated a series
of regulatory actions and made a number of public statements on the regulation of business operations in China with little advance notice,
including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision over China-based companies listed overseas
using a variable interest entity structure, adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews, and expanding efforts
in anti-monopoly enforcement. We do not believe that we are directly subject to these regulatory actions or statements, as we do not have
a variable interest entity structure and our business does not involve the collection of user data, implicate cybersecurity, or involve
any other type of restricted industry. Because these statements and regulatory actions are new, however, it is highly uncertain how soon
legislative or administrative regulation making bodies in China will respond to them, or what existing or new laws or regulations will
be modified or promulgated, if any, or the potential impact such modified or new laws and regulations will have on our daily business
operations or our ability to accept foreign investments and list on an U.S. exchange. 

On February 17, 2023, the China Securities Regulatory
Commission CSRC released the Trial Measures for Administration of Overseas Securities Offerings and Listings by Domestic
Companies (the Trial Measures and five supporting guidelines, which will come into effect on March 31, 2023. Pursuant to
the Trial Measures, domestic companies that seek to offer or list securities overseas, both directly and indirectly, should fulfill the
filing procedures and report relevant information to the CSRC. If a domestic company fails to complete the filing procedures or conceals
any material fact or falsifies any major content in its filing documents, such domestic company may be subject to administrative penalties
by the CSRC, such as order to rectify, warnings, fines, and its controlling shareholders, actual controllers, the person directly in charge
and other directly liable persons may also be subject to administrative penalties, such as warnings and fines. As a listed company, we
believe that we, and all of our PRC subsidiaries are not required to fulfill filing procedures and obtain approvals from the CSRC to continue
to offer our securities or operate our business as of the date of this annual report. In addition, to date, none of us and our PRC subsidiaries
has received any filing or compliance requirements from CSRC for the listing of the Company at Nasdaq and all of its overseas offerings.
Furthermore, based on our understanding of the current PRC laws, we believe that the CSRC s approval is not required to be obtained
for the Company s listing on Nasdaq; however, there are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of
the Regulation on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors M A Rules ), other PRC Laws and
future PRC laws and regulations, and there can be no assurance that any governmental agency will not take a view that is contrary to or
otherwise different from our belief stated herein. 

On February 24, 2023, the CSRC, the Ministry of
Finance, the National Administration of State Secrets Protection and the National Archives Administration jointly issued the Provisions
on Strengthening Confidentiality and Archives Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies, or the
Confidentiality and Archives Provisions, which will take effective from March 31, 2023. The Confidentiality and Archives Provisions specify
that during the overseas securities offering and listing activities of domestic companies, domestic companies and securities companies
and securities service institutions that provide relevant securities business shall, by strictly abiding by the relevant laws and regulations
of the PRC and this Confidentiality and Archives Provisions, institute a sound confidentiality and archives administration systems, take
necessary measures to fulfill confidentiality and archives administration obligations, and shall not divulge any national secrets, work
secrets of governmental agencies and harm national and public interests. Confidentiality and Archives Provisions provides that it is applicable
to initial public offerings as well as other types of securities listing of PRC domestic enterprises, and any future issuance of securities
and listing activities after the initial listing. Working papers generated in the PRC by securities companies and securities service providers
that provide relevant securities services for overseas issuance and listing of securities by domestic companies shall be kept in the PRC.
Confidentiality and Archives Provisions provide no explicit definition of working papers. In practice, the securities companies 
working papers usually refer to various important information and work records related to the securities business obtained and prepared
by the securities companies and securities service providers and their representatives in the whole process of the securities businesses,
such as due diligence work. Without the approval of relevant competent authorities, such as CSRC, MOF PRC National Administration of State
Secrets Protection, and National Archives Administration of China, depending on the nature and transmission method of secrets, it shall
not be transferred overseas. Where documents or materials need to be transferred outside of the PRC, it shall be subject to the approval
procedures in accordance with relevant PRC regulations. The relevant competent authorities, such as, CSRC, MOF, PRC National Administration
of State Secrets Protection, and National Archives Administration of China will regulate, supervise and inspect pursuant to their respective
statutory mandates over matters of Confidentiality and Archives Administration concerning overseas offering and listing by domestic companies.
As Confidentiality and Archives Administration is newly promulgated, there is substantial uncertainty regarding their specific requirements.
If we fail to comply with related laws and regulation, we may be subject to fine, confiscation, blocking transmission or criminal offense.
We have taken measures to adopt management systems for the compliance of Confidentiality and Archives Provisions. We believe our listing
does not involve in national secrets, work secrets of governmental agencies and undermine national and public interests. There is no assurance
that we will be able to meet all applicable regulatory requirements and guidelines, or comply with all applicable regulations at all times,
or that we will not be subject to fines or other penalties in the future as a result of regulatory inspections. 

Cash Transfers and Dividend Distribution 

Our corporate structure is a direct holding structure,
that is, the overseas entity listed in the U.S., Gulf Resources, Inc., a Nevada corporation Gulf Resources ), controls SCHC
(the WFOE ), SYCI and DCHC through the Hong Kong company, Hong Hong Jiaxing Industrial Limited, or Hong Kong Jiaxing. 

Within our direct holding structure, the cross-border
transfer of funds within our corporate group is legal and compliant with the laws and regulations of the PRC. Foreign investors 
funds can be directly transferred to Hong Kong Jiaxing, and then transferred to subordinate operating entities through SCHC, or the WFOE. 

If the Company intends to distribute dividends,
the Company will transfer the dividends to Hong Kong Jiaxing in accordance with the laws and regulations of the PRC, and then Hong Kong
Jiaxing will transfer the dividends to Gulf Resources, and the dividends will be distributed from Gulf Resources to all shareholders respectively
in proportion to the shares they hold, regardless of whether the shareholders are U.S. investors or investors in other countries or regions. 

In the reporting periods presented in this annual
report, no cash and other asset transfers have occurred among the Company and its subsidiaries; and no dividends or distributions of a
subsidiary has been made to the Company. For the foreseeable future, the Company does not expect to pay any cash dividends. 

Our PRC subsidiaries ability to distribute
dividends is based upon their distributable earnings. Current PRC regulations permit our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends to their respective
shareholders only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. In
addition, each of our PRC subsidiaries is required to set aside at least 10 of its after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a statutory
reserve until such reserve reaches 50 of each of their registered capitals. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. 

4 

To address persistent capital outflows and the
RMB s depreciation against the U.S. dollar in the fourth quarter of 2016, the People s Bank of China and the State Administration
of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, have implemented a series of capital control measures in the subsequent months, including stricter vetting
procedures for China-based companies to remit foreign currency for overseas acquisitions, dividend payments and shareholder loan repayments.
The PRC government may continue to strengthen its capital controls and our PRC subsidiaries dividends and other distributions may
be subject to tightened scrutiny in the future. The PRC government also imposes controls on the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies
and the remittance of currencies out of the PRC. Therefore, we may experience difficulties in completing the administrative procedures
necessary to obtain and remit foreign currency for the payment of dividends from our profits, if any. Furthermore, if our subsidiaries
in the PRC incur debt on their own in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make
other payments. 

In addition, the Enterprise Income Tax Law and
its implementation rules provide that a withholding tax at a rate of 10 will be applicable to dividends payable by Chinese companies
to non-PRC-resident enterprises unless reduced under treaties or arrangements between the PRC central government and the governments of
other countries or regions where the non-PRC resident enterprises are tax resident. Pursuant to the tax agreement between Mainland China
and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the withholding tax rate in respect to the payment of dividends by a PRC enterprise to
a Hong Kong enterprise may be reduced to 5 from a standard rate of 10 . However, if the relevant tax authorities determine that our transactions
or arrangements are for the primary purpose of enjoying a favorable tax treatment, the relevant tax authorities may adjust the favorable
withholding tax in the future. Accordingly, there is no assurance that the reduced 5 withholding rate will apply to dividends received
by our Hong Kong subsidiary from our PRC subsidiaries. This withholding tax will reduce the amount of dividends we may receive from our
PRC subsidiaries. 

Please see Risk Factors beginning
on page 16 of this annual report for additional information. 

Holding Foreign Company Accountable Act 

Our common stock may be delisted from the Nasdaq under
the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act HFCAA ), if the PCAOB is unable to adequately inspect audit documentation
located in China, or investigate our auditor. Furthermore, on June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies
Accountable Act, whichwas signed into law, and amends the HFCAA and requires the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading
on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three. Our auditor,
WWC, P.C., Certified Public Accountants, is a U.S.-based accounting firm registered with the PCAOB, and is subject to laws in the United
States pursuant to which the PCAOB conducts regular inspections to assess its compliance with the applicable professional standards. Our
auditor is headquartered in the United States and is subject to inspection by the PCAOB on a regular basis with the last inspection in
November 2021. On August 26, 2022, the PCAOB signed the Protocol with the CSRC and the MOF of the People s Republic of China, governing
inspections and investigations of audit firms based in mainland China and Hong Kong. The Protocol remains unpublished and is subject to
further explanation and implementation. Pursuant to the fact sheet with respect to the Protocol disclosed by the SEC, the PCAOB shall
have independent discretion to select any issuer audits for inspection or investigation and the unfettered ability to transfer information
to the SEC. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB announced that it was able to secure complete access to inspect and investigate PCAOB-registered
public accounting firms headquartered in China mainland and Hong Kong completely in 2022. The PCAOB Board vacated its previous 2021 determinations
that the PCAOB was unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in China mainland and
Hong Kong. However, whether the PCAOB will continue to be able to satisfactorily conduct inspections of PCAOB-registered public accounting
firms headquartered in China mainland and Hong Kong is subject to uncertainty and depends on a number of factors out of our, and our auditor s
control. The PCAOB is continuing to demand complete access in China mainland and Hong Kong moving forward and is already making plans
to resume regular inspections in early 2023 and beyond, as well as to continue pursuing ongoing investigations and initiate new investigations
as needed. The PCAOB has indicated that it will act immediately to consider the need to issue new determinations with the HFCAA if needed.
Therefore, the PCAOB in the future may determine that it is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms
in mainland China and Hong Kong. Our auditor s working papers related to us and our subsidiaries are located in China. If our auditor
is not permitted to provide requested audit work papers located in China to the PCAOB, investors would be deprived of the benefits of
PCAOB s oversight of our auditor through such inspections which could result in limitation or restriction to our access to the U.S.
capital markets and trading of our securities may be prohibited under the HFCAA, which would result in the delisting of our securities
from the Nasdaq. See Risk Factors - Our common stock may be delisted from the Nasdaq under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable
Act if the PCAOB is unable to adequately inspect audit documentation located in China. The delisting of our common stock, or the threat
of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment . 

5 

Closure and rectification process of our Bromine,
Crude Salt and Chem i cal Products factories 

On September 1, 2017, the Company received letters
from the People s Government of Yangkou Town, Shouguang City to each of its subsidiaries, Shouguang City Haoyuan Chemical Company
Limited and Shouguang Yuxin Chemical Industry Co., Limited, which stated that in an effort to improve the safety and environmental protection
management level of chemical enterprises, the plants are requested to immediately stop production and perform rectification and improvements
in accordance with the country s new safety, environmental protection requirements. As a result, our facilities located in Yangkou
Town were closed on September 1, 2017 to allow for rectification. 

Subsequently, the Safety Supervision and Administration
Department and the Environmental Protection Departments of the local government conducted inspections of every bromine production enterprise
within its jurisdiction including our facilities, in order to improve security, environmental protections, pollution, and safety. 

On September 21, 2018, the Company received a
closing notice from the People s Government of Yangkou Town, Shouguang City informing it to close its three bromine factories (Number
3, Number 4, and Number 11.) and not allowed to resume production. The crude salt fields surrounding these factories have been reclaimed
as cultivated or construction land and hence did not meet the requirement for bromine and crude salt co-production set by the relevant
authority. In closing these factories, the Company wrote off net book value of these factories property, plant and equipment in
the amount of 18,644,473 in the loss on demolition of the factory in the consolidated statements of loss for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2018, recorded an impairment loss on the related mineral rights of these three factories of 1,284,832 included in the impairment
of property, plant and equipment in the consolidated statements of loss for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 and wrote off 52,926
of prepaid land lease recorded in other operating loss in the consolidated statements of loss for fiscal year ended December 31, 2018.
The Company incurred dismantling fee in the amount of 273,757 recorded in other operating loss in the consolidated statements of loss
for fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. The Company negotiated with the local villages over compensation for the payment already made
for these land leases and mineral rights in the past. This part of the cost has been used as the resumption of land use, so the village
committee will not be compensated. 

In February 2019, the Company received a notification
from the local government of Yangkou County that its Factory No. 1, No. 4, No. 7 and No. 9 passed inspection and could resume operations.
In April 2019, Factory No.1, and Factory No.7 resumed operation. 

On November 25, 2019, the government of Shouguang
City issued a notice ordering all bromine facilities in Shouguang City, including the Company s bromine facilities, including Factory
No. 1 and Factory No. 7, to temporarily stop production from December 16, 2019 to February 10, 2020. Subsequently, due to the coronavirus
outbreak in China, the local government ordered those bromine facilities to postpone the commencement of production. Subsequently, the
Company received an approval dated February 27, 2020 issued by the local governmental authority allowing the Company to resume production
after the winter temporary closure. Further, the Company received another approval from the Shouguang Yangkou People s Government
dated March 5, 2020 allowing the Company to resume production at its bromine factories No. 1, No. 4, No.7 and No. 9 in order to meet the
needs of bromide products for epidemic prevention and control (the March 2020 Approval ). The Company s Factories No.
1 and No. 7 commenced trial production in mid-March 2020 and commercial production on April 3, 2020 and its Factories No. 4 and No. 9
commenced commercial production on May 6, 2020. The Company received an oral notification from the government for its Factory No. 8, which
permits the Factory No. 8 to resume production in August 2022. And Factory No. 8 started contribute revenue in the fourth quarter 2022. 

The Company is still waiting for governmental
approval for Factories No. 2 and No. 10. To our knowledge, the government is currently completing its planning process for all mining
areas including that for prevention of flood. As a result, we may be required to make some modifications to our current wells and aqueducts
prior to commencement of operations of these factories to satisfy the local government's requirements. 

Pursuant to the notification from the government
of Shouguang City, all bromine facilities in Shouguang City were temporarily closed from December 10, 2022 until February 1, 2023 8:00
AM China Time. To comply with such notification, the Company had temporarily stopped production at its bromine facilities during the aforesaid
period and reopened the operating bromine and crude salt factories in February, 2023 as planned. 

In April 2022, Shouguang Hengde Salt Industry
Co. Ltd, our subsidiary, was incorporated in Shandong Province, China, for crude salt production and trading. This subsidiary was created
in response to a new government policy that required bromine and crude salt companies to have separate registrations. 

Because many smaller producers have not had the
capital to conduct the rectification required by the government, management believes there could be some extremely attractive acquisition
opportunities in bromine. However, at the present time, all of management s attention is focused on getting its facilities approved
and in full production. Management may consider acquisition opportunities in this segment in the future if the prices were sufficiently
attractive. 

6 

We secured the land for our new chemical factory
and received the final approval regarding environmental protection assessment. The Company commenced construction on its new chemical
facilities located at Bohai Marine Fine Chemical Industrial Park in June 2020. The construction was expected to take approximately one
year and an additional six months to complete the equipment installation and testing, however, due to the COVID epidemic and electrical
restrictions, the opening of the chemical factory has been delayed. The Company has received the refrigeration and air compressor
units. The rest equipment is expected to be delivered by the second quarter of 2023. The Company intends to start installation of
equipment and may start testing and trial production by the end of 2023 or beginning of 2024. There was an impairment loss on the property,
plant and equipment related to the relocation of our chemical plants to Bohai Park in the amount of 16,636,322, since much of the equipment
that was used in the chemical factories was relatively old. Further, even if it had been newer, we believe that it might not have passed
new environmental tests. The total cost of building the new factory is currently estimated to be approximately 64 million. The
Company incurred relocation costs in the amount of 45,584,344 and 45,584,344 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

In January 2017, the Company completed the first
brine water and natural gas well field construction in Daying located in Sichuan Province and commenced trial production in January 2019.
On May 29, 2019, the Company received a verbal notice from the government of Tianbao Town ,Daying County, Sichuan Province, whereby the
Company is required to obtain project approval for its well located in Daying, including the whole natural gas and brine water project,
and approvals for safety production inspection, environmental protection assessment, and to solve the related land issue. Until these
approvals have been received, the Company has to temporarily halt trial production at its natural gas well in Daying. In compliance with
the Chinese government new policies, the Company is also required to obtain an exploration license and a mining license for bromine and
natural gas, respectively. Pursuant to the Opinions of the Ministry of Natural Resources on Several Issues in Promoting the Reform of
Mineral Resources Management (Trial) promulgated by the Ministry of Natural Resources of PRC on January 9, 2020, which came into effect
on May 1, 2020, privately owned enterprises are allowed to participate in the natural gas production. The Company plans to proceed with
its applications for the natural gas and brine project approvals with related government departments until after the governmental planning
has been finalized the land and resource planning for Sichuan Province. 

We are not writing off any of the goodwill related
to our chemicals business. We believe the new chemical factory could produce strong sales and profits. We believe there may be much less
capacity in the chemical industry, as many factories may be permanently closed. In addition, other competitor factories may reduce their
production capacity. We expect to have a factory that operates efficiently. Considering the above factors and our strength with better
equipment, we expect to generate sales and earnings in this segment at a level well above previous periods. 

We will continue to control the land and buildings
where the old chemical factories are located. At this time, we have not considered how or if we can monetize those assets. 

Impact of COVID-19 on Our Operations and Financial
Performance 

Outbreaks of epidemic, pandemic, or contagious
diseases such as COVID-19, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The spread of
COVID-19 had resulted in the World Health Organization declaring the outbreak of COVID-19 as a global pandemic. Substantially
all of our revenues and workforce are concentrated in China. In response to the intensifying efforts to contain the spread of COVID-19,
the Chinese government took a number of actions, which included extending the Chinese New Year holiday in 2020, quarantining individuals
suspected of having COVID-19, asking residents in China to stay at home and to avoid public gathering, among other things. The virus outbreak
slightly delayed the commencement of the operations for Factory No.1, No.4, No.7, No.9, and No.8 and it may also delay the approval for
the remaining three factories include No.2, and No.10. It is, however, still unclear how the pandemic will evolve going forward, and we
cannot assure you whether the COVID-19 pandemic will again bring about significant negative impact on our business operations, financial
condition and operating results, including but not limited to negative impact to our total revenues. 

There remain significant uncertainties surrounding
the COVID-19 outbreak and its further development as a global pandemic. Hence, the extent of the business disruption and the related
impact on our financial results and outlook for 2021 cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. The extent to which the COVID-19 impacts
our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may
emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions taken globally to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among
others. Existing insurance coverage may not provide protection for all costs that may arise from all such possible events. We are still
assessing our business operations and the total impact COVID-19 may have on our results and financial condition, but there can be
no assurance that this analysis will enable us to avoid part or all of any impact from the spread of COVID-19 or its consequences,
including downturns in business sentiment generally. 

7 

Our Business Segments 

Our business operations are conducted in four segments, bromine,
crude salt, chemical products, and natural gas. We manufacture and trade bromine, crude salt and natural gas, and
manufacture and sell chemical products used in oil and gas field explorations and papermaking chemical agents, and materials for
human and animal antibiotics. We conduct all of our operations in China. 

Bromine and Crude Salt 

We manufacture and distribute bromine through
our wholly-owned subsidiary, Shouguang City Haoyuan Chemical Company Limited, or SCHC. Bromine is a halogen element. It is
a red volatile liquid at standard room temperature which has reactivity between chlorine and iodine. Elemental bromine is used to
manufacture a wide variety of bromine compounds used in industry and agriculture. Bromine is also used to form intermediates in organic
synthesis, which is somewhat preferable over iodine due to its lower cost. Bromine is commonly used in brominated flame retardants,
fumigants, water purification compounds, dyes, medicines and disinfectants. 

The extraction of bromine in the Shandong Province
is limited by the provincial government to licensed operations. We hold one such license. As part of our business
strategy, it is our plan to continue acquiring smaller scaled and unlicensed producers and to use our bromine to expand our downstream
chemical operations. 

Location of Production Sites 

Our production sites are located in the Shandong
Province in northeastern China. The productive formation (otherwise referred to as the working region ), extends from latitude
N 36 56 to N 37 20 and from longitude E 118 38 to E 119 14 , in the north region of Shouguang
city, from the Xiaoqing River of Shouguang city to the west of the Dan River, bordering on Hanting District in the east, from the main
channel of Leading the Yellow River to Supply Qingdao City Project in the south to the coastline in the north.
The territory is classified as coastal alluvial marine plain with an average height two to seven meters above the sea level.
The terrain is relatively flat. 

8 

Geological background of this region 

The Shandong Province working region is located
to the east of Lubei Plain and on the south bank of Bohai Laizhou Bay. The geotectonic location bestrides on the North China Platte (I)
and north three-level structure units, from west to east including individually the North China Depression, Luxi Plate, and Jiaobei Plate.
Meanwhile, 4 V-level structure units including the Dongying Sag of Dongying Depression (IV) of North China Depression, the Buried Lifting
Area of Guangrao, Niutou sag and Buried Lifting Area of Shuanghe and are all on two V-level structure units including Xiaying Buried Lifting
Area of Weifang Depression (IV) of Luxi Plate and Chuangyi Sag, as well as on a V-level structure units of Jiaobei Buried Lifting Area
of Jiaobei Plate. 

Processing of Bromine 

Natural brine is a complicated salt-water system,
containing many ionic compositions in which different ions have close interdependent relationships and which can be reunited to form many
dissolved soluble salts such as sodium chloride, potassium chloride, calcium sulfate, potassium sulfate and other similar soluble salts.
The goal of natural brine processing is to separate and precipitate the soluble salts or ions away from the water. Due to the
differences in the physical and chemical characteristics of brine samples, the processing methods are varied, and can result in inconsistency
of processing and varied technical performance for the different useful components from the natural brine. 

Bromine is the first component extracted during
the processing of natural brine. In natural brine, the bromine exists in the form of bromine sodium and bromine magnesium and other soluble
salts. 

The bromine production process is as follows: 

1. 
 natural brine is pumped from underground through extraction wells by subaqueous pumps; 

2. 
 the natural brine then passes through transmission pipelines to storage reservoirs; 

3. 
 the natural brine is sent to the bromine refining plant where bromine is extracted from the natural brine. In neutral or acidic water, the bromine ion is easily oxidized by adding the oxidative of chlorine, which generates the single bromine away from the brine. Thereafter the extracted single bromine is blown out by forced air, then absorbed by sulfur dioxide or soda by adding acid, chlorine and sulfur. Extracted bromine is stored in containers of different sizes; and 

4. 
 the wastewater from this refining process is then transported by pipeline to brine pans. 

Our production feeds include (i) natural brine;
(ii) vitriol; (iii) chlorine; (iv) sulfur; and (v) coal. 

Crude Salt 

We also produce crude salt, which is produced
from the evaporation of the wastewater after our bromine production process. Once the brine is returned to the surface and the bromine
is removed, the remaining brine is pumped to on-site containing pools and then exposed to natural sunshine. This causes the water to evaporate
from the brine, resulting in salt being left over afterwards. Crude salt is the principal material in alkali production as well as chlorine
alkali production and is widely used in the chemical, food and beverage, and other industries. 

Chemical Products 

We produce chemical products through our wholly-owned
subsidiary, Shouguang Yuxin Chemical Industry Company Limited, or SYCI. At the present time, SYCI is closed pursuant to the letter
from government dated on November 24, 2017. It is being relocated to Bohai Marine Fine Chemical Industry Park, Shouguang City. SYCI
paid 9,130,538 for a 50-year lease of a piece of land for its new factories at Bohai Marine Fine Chemical Industrial Park in December,
2017 and leased another piece of land from the third party for its new chemical factory. We received the final approval for our new chemical
factory and started construction in June 2020. 

9 

Historically, SYCI concentrated its efforts on
the production and sale of chemical products that are used in oil and gas field exploration, oil and gas distribution, oil field drilling,
papermaking chemical agents, inorganic chemicals and materials that are used for human and animal antibiotics. SYCI engaged in depth study
of existing products and new product research and development at the same time. SYCI s annual production of oil and gas field exploration
products and related chemicals was over 26,000 tons, and its production of papermaking-related chemical products was over 5,000 tons.
SYCI s annual production capacity of materials that are used for human and animal antibiotics was over 6,800 tons. 

Sales and Marketing 

We have an in-house sales staff of 9 persons.
Our customers send their orders to us first. Our in-house sales staff then attempts to satisfy these orders based on our actual
production schedules and inventories on hand. Many of our customers have a long term relationship with us. We expect this to continue
due to stable demand for mineral products, however, these relationships cannot be guaranteed in the future. 

Principal Customers 

We sell a substantial portion of our products
to a limited number of PRC customers. Our principal customers during 2022 were Shandong Morui Chemical Company Limited, Shandong
Brother Technology Limited, and Shouguang Weidong Chemical Company Limited. We have ongoing policies in place to ensure that sales are
made to customers who are credit-worthy. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, sales
to our three largest bromine customers, based on net revenue from such customers, aggregated 19,581,606 or approximately 33 of total
net revenue from sale of bromine; and sales to our largest customer represented approximately 12 , respectively, of total net revenue
from the sale of bromine. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, sales
to our three largest bromine customers, based on net revenue from such customers, aggregated 25,020,136 or approximately 51 of total
net revenue from sale of bromine; and sales to our largest customer represented approximately 19 , respectively, of total net revenue
from the sale of bromine. 

During each of the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, sales to our three largest crude salt customers, based on net revenue from such customers, aggregated 6,996,553 and 6,080,241,
respectively, or approximately 100 and 100 of total net revenue from sale of crude salt; and sales to our largest customer represented
approximately 39 and 38 , respectively, of total net revenue from the sale of crude salt. 

During each of the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, the net revenue for the chemical products was 0. 

Principal Suppliers 

Our principal external suppliers are Laizhou Shengfu
Chemical Company Limited, Weifang Wanhong Chemical Company Limited, Shandong Xinlong International Trade Company Limited. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
we purchased 100 of raw materials for our bromine and crude production from our top three suppliers. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
we did not purchase any raw materials for chemical products production. This supplier concentration makes us vulnerable to a near-term
adverse impact, should the relationships be terminated. 

10 

Business Strategy 

Expansion of Production Capacity to Meet Demand 

Bromine and Crude
Salt 

In view of keen competition and the trend of less
bromine contraction of brine water being extracted in Shouguang City, Shandong Province, the Company intended to access more bromine and
crude salt resources by finding new underground brine water resources in the Sichuan Province. On January 30, 2015 we announced that we
had found natural gas resources under our bromine well in the Sichuan area. On November 23, 2015, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary
SCHC entered into an agreement with the People s Government of Daying County in Sichuan Province for the exploration and development
of natural gas and brine resources (including bromine and crude salt). In January 2017, the Company completed the first brine water and
natural gas well field construction in Sichuan Province and announced the commencement of trial production. Then later on, the Company
found some issues related to the water and other potential impurities in the natural gas during trial production. In resolving the problem,
the Company purchased customized equipment for its natural gas project. The installation of such equipment, including providing piping
and electricity, was completed in July 2018. The Company completed the test production at its first natural gas well in Sichuan Province
and commenced trial production in January 2019. 

On May 29, 2019, the Company received a verbal
notice from the government of Tianbao Town ,Daying County, Sichuan Province, whereby the Company is required to obtain project approval
for its well located in Daying, including the whole natural gas and brine water project, and approvals for safety production inspection,
environmental protection assessment, and to solve the related land issue. Until these approvals have been received, the Company has to
temporarily halt trial production at its natural gas well in Daying. In compliance with the Chinese government new policies, the Company
is also required to obtain an exploration license and a mining license for bromine and natural gas, respectively. Pursuant to the Opinions
of the Ministry of Natural Resources on Several Issues in Promoting the Reform of Mineral Resources Management (Trial) promulgated by
the Ministry of Natural Resources of PRC on January 9, 2020, which came into effect on May 1, 2020, privately owned enterprises are allowed
to participate in the natural gas production. The Company plans to proceed with its applications for the natural gas and brine project
approvals with related government departments until after the governmental planning has been finalized the land and resource planning
for Sichuan Province. 

11 

On September 1, 2017, the Company received notification
from the Government of Yangkou Town, Shouguang City of PRC that required production at all its factories be immediately halted in order
for the Company to perform rectification and improvement in accordance with the local new safety and environmental protection requirements. 

The Company has been working closely with the
County authorities to develop rectification plans for both its bromine and crude salt businesses and had agreed on a plan in October 2017.
In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, the Company incurred 16,243,677 in the rectification and improvements of plant and equipment
of the bromine and crude salt factories resulting in a cumulative amount of 34,182,329 incurred as of December 31, 2018. The Shouguang
City Bromine Association, on behalf of all the bromine plants in Shouguang, has started discussions with the local government agencies.
The local governmental agencies confirmed the facts that their initial requirements for the bromine industry did not include the project
approval, the planning approval and the land use rights approval and that those three additional approvals were new requirements of the
provincial government. The Company understood from the local government that it has been coordinating with several government agencies
to solve these three outstanding approval issues in a timely manner and that all the affected bromine plants are not allowed to commence
production prior to obtaining those approvals. In April 2019, Factory No.1, Factory No.5 and Factory No.7 (Factory no. 5 is considered
part of Factory no.7 and both are managed as one factory since 2010) restarted operations upon receipt of verbal notification from local
government of Yangkou County. On May 7, 2019, the Company renamed its Subdivision Factory No. 1 to Factory No. 4; and Factory No. 5 (which
was previously considered part of Factory No. 7) to Factory No. 7. 

On November 25, 2019, the government of Shouguang City issued a notice
ordering all bromine facilities in Shouguang City, including the Company s all bromine facilities, including Factory No.1 and Factory
No. 7, to temporarily stop production from December 16, 2019 to February 10, 2020. Subsequently, due to the coronavirus outbreak in China,
the local government ordered those bromine facilities to postpone the commencement of production. Subsequently, the Company received an
approval dated on February 27, 2020 issued by the local governmental authority which allows us to resume production after the winter temporary
closure. Further, the Company received another approval from the Shouguang Yangkou People s Government dated on March 5, 2020 to
resume production at its bromine factories No.1, No. 4, No.7 and No. 9 in order to meet the needs of bromide products for epidemic prevention
and control (the March 2020 Approval ). The Company s factories No.7 and No.1 started trial production on middle of
March, 2020, and commenced commercial production on April 3, 2020. 

The Company received an oral notification from
the government for its Factory No. 8, which permitted Factory No.8 to resume production in August 2022. Factory No.8 started to contribute
revenue in the fourth quarter 2022. 

The Company is still waiting for governmental approval for factories
#2, and #10. To our knowledge, the government is currently completing its planning process for all mining areas including that for prevention
of flood. As a result, we may be required to make some modifications to our current wells and aqueducts prior to commencement of operations
of these factories to satisfy the local government's requirements. 

Pursuant to the notification from the government
of Shouguang City, all bromine facilities in Shouguang City were temporarily closed from December 10, 2022 until February 1, 2023 8:00
AM China Time. To comply with such notification, the Company had temporarily stopped production at its bromine facilities during the
aforesaid period and reopened the operating bromine and crude salt factories in February 2023 as planned. 

12 

Chemical Products 

On November 24, 2017, the Company received a letter
from the Government of Yangkou County, Shouguang City notifying the Company to relocate its two chemical production plants located in
the second living area of the Qinghe Oil Extraction Plant to the Bohai Marine Fine Chemical Industrial Park (the November
2017 Letter ). Since then, our chemical factory has been shut down. We believe this is part of the country s efforts to improve
the development of the chemical industry, facilitate safe production and curb environmental pollution, and ensure the quality of living
environment of residents. The Company expects to cost approximately 64 million in total in connection with the relocation. The Company
incurred relocation costs in the amount of 45,584,344 as of December 31, 2022. 

In January 2020, the Company received the environmental
protection approval by the government of Shouguang City, Shandong Province for the proposed Yuxin Chemical factory. The Company began
the construction on its new chemical facilities located at Bohai Marine Fine Chemical Industrial Park in June 2020 and basically completed
the civil works by end of June 2021. On November 15, 2021, the company announced due to the supply chain issues as well as the electric
restrictions in China, the delivery of some equipment, the equipment installation and testing and beginning trial production at the chemical
factory had been be delayed. On February 22, 2022, the company announced that discussions with the government have convinced management
that the electricity restrictions are being eased. Accordingly, the Company had contacted its suppliers and will have the remainder of
the equipment produced and delivered, so the Company can complete installation and begin testing and trial production. The Company has
started the preparation work for its application for safety and environmental assessment recently. 

Competition 

To date, our sales have been limited to customers
within the PRC and we expect that our sales will remain primarily domestic for the immediate future. Our marketing strategy
involves developing long term ongoing working relationships with customers based on large multi-year agreements which foster mutually
advantageous relationships. 

We compete with PRC domestic private companies
and state owned companies. Certain state owned and state backed competitors are more established and have more control of certain resources
in terms of pricing than we do. We compete based on price, our reputation for quality, on-time delivery, our relationship with
suppliers and our geographical proximity to natural brine deposits in the PRC for bromine, crude salt and chemical productions. Management
believes that our stable quality, manufacturing processes and plant capacity for the production of bromine, crude salt and chemical products
are key considerations in awarding contracts in the PRC. 

Our principal competitors in the bromine business
are Shandong Yuyuan Group Company Limited, Shandong Haihua Group Company Limited, Shandong Dadi Salt Chemical Group Company Limited and
Shandong Haiwang Chemical Company Limited, all of which produce bromine principally for use in their chemicals businesses and sell
part of the bromine produced to customers. These companies may switch to selling bromine to the market if they no longer use bromine in
their chemical businesses. 

Our principal competitors in the crude salt business
are Shandong Haiwang Chemical Company Limited, Shandong Haihua Group Company Limited, Shandong Weifang Longwei Industrial Company Limited,
Shandong Yuyuan Group Company Limited and Shandong Caiyangzi Saltworks. 

Our principal competitors in the chemical business
are Beijing Shiji Zhongxing Energy Technology Co., Ltd, Yanan Chaozheng Nijiang Co., Ltd, Shandong Dacheng Pesticides Company Limited,
Binhua Group Company Limited, Dongying City Dongchen (Group) Chemical Industry Company Limited, Beijing Peikangjiaye Technologies Limited,
Shouguang Fukang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Shandong Xinhua Pharmaceutical Limited by Share Ltd, Hunan Erkang Pharmaceutical Limited by
Share Ltd and Xinan Synthetic Pharmaceutical Limited by Share Ltd. 

13 

Government Regulation 

China has been reinforcing the environmental requirements
for the entire chemical industry, demanding the closure or rectification of those factories that do not meet the emission requirements
and are highly polluting. In early 2017, the government announced the closure or relocation of those chemical industry facilities
that are close to residential areas and the new environmental law officially came into full effect in January 2018. 

The following is a summary of the principal governmental
laws and regulations that are or may be applicable to our operations in the PRC. The scope and enforcement of many of the laws and regulations
described below are uncertain. We cannot predict the effect of further developments in the Chinese legal system, including the promulgation
of new laws, changes to existing laws or the interpretation or enforcement of laws. 

In the natural resources sector, the PRC and the
various provinces have enacted a series of laws and regulations over the past 20 years, including laws and regulations designed to improve
safety and decrease environmental degradation. The China Mineral Resources Law declares state ownership of all
mineral resources in the PRC. However, mineral exploration rights can be purchased, sold and transferred to foreign owned companies.
Mineral resource rights are granted by the Central Government permitting recipients to conduct mineral resource activities in a specific
area during the license period. These rights entitle the licensee to undertake mineral resource activities and infrastructure and ancillary
work, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, within the specific area covered by the license during the license period. The
licensee is required to submit a proposal and feasibility studies to the relevant authority and to pay the Central Government a natural
resources tax in an amount equal to a percent of annual crude salt sales and tones of bromine sold. Shandong Province has determined that
bromine is to be extracted only by licensed entities and we hold one of such licenses. Despite the Province desire to limit extraction
to licensed entities hundreds of smaller operations have continued to extract bromine without licenses. 

The Ministry of Land and Resources MLR is the principal regulator of mineral rights in China. The Ministry has authority to grant licenses for land-use and exploration rights,
issue permits for mineral rights and leases, oversee the fees charged for them and their transfer, and review reserve evaluations. We
are required to hold a bromine and salt production license in order to operate our bromine and salt production business in the PRC. Our
bromine and salt production license is subject to a yearly audit. If we do not successfully pass the yearly approval by relevant government
authorities, our bromine and salt production operations may be suspended until we are able to comply with the license requirements which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Human Capital Resources 

Employee Profiles 

As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately
435 full-time employees, of whom approximately 72 are with SCHC SHSI and DCHC, and 28 are with SYCI. Approximately 6 of
our employees are management personnel and 4 are sales and procurement staff. None of our employees are represented by a union. 

Total Rewards 

Our compensation program is designed to attract
and reward talented individuals who possess the skills necessary to support our business objectives, assist in the achievement of our
strategic goals and create long-term value for our stockholders. Our employees in China participate in a state pension arrangement organized
by Chinese municipal and provincial governments. We are required to contribute to the arrangement at the rate of 16 of the
average monthly salary. In addition, we are required by Chinese law to cover employees in China with other types of social insurance.
We have purchased social insurance for almost allof our employees. Expense related to social insurance was approximately 624,827 for
fiscal year 2022. 

14 

Health and Safety 

The success of our business is fundamentally connected
to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed to the health, safety and wellness of our employees. We provide our employees
and their families with access to a variety of flexible and convenient health and welfare programs, including benefits that support their
physical and mental health by providing tools and resources to help them improve or maintain their health status; and that offer choice
where possible so they can customize their benefits to meet their needs and the needs of their families. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic,
we implemented significant operating environment changes that we determined were in the best interest of our employees, as well as the
communities in which we operate, and which comply with government regulations. This includes having the vast majority of our employees
work from home, while implementing additional safety measures for employees continuing critical on-site work. 

Talent 

A core tenet of our talent system is to both develop
talent from within and supplement with external hires. This approach has yielded loyalty and commitment in our employee base which in
turn grows our business, our products, and our customers, while adding new employees and external ideas supports a continuous improvement
mindset and our goals of a diverse and inclusive workforce. Our talent acquisition team uses internal and external resources to recruit
highly skilled and talented workers in the PRC, and we encourage employee referrals for open positions. 

Available Information 

We make available free of charge on or through
our internet website, www.gulfresourcesinc.com, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports
on Form 8-K, including exhibits, and all amendments to those reports, if any, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished
to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements,
and other information regarding issuers like our Company that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. The information
contained on our website is not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

15 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Pursuant to Item 301(c) of Regulation S-K 
229.301(c)), the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item as it is a smaller reporting company, 
as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1). 

As a China-based issuer, the Company provides
the following material risk factors related to doing business in China: 

Risks Related to Doing Business in China 

Because all of our operations are in China,
our business is subject to the complex and rapidly evolving laws and regulations there. The Chinese government may exercise significant
oversight and discretion over the conduct of our business and may intervene in or influence our operations at any time, which could result
in a material change in our operations and/or the value of our common stock. 

As a business operating in
China, we are subject to the laws and regulations of the PRC, which can be complex and evolve rapidly. The PRC government has the power
to exercise significant oversight and discretion over the conduct of our business, and the regulations to which we are subject may change
rapidly and with little notice to us or our shareholders. As a result, the application, interpretation, and enforcement of new and existing
laws and regulations in the PRC are often uncertain. In addition, these laws and regulations may be interpreted and applied inconsistently
by different agencies or authorities, and inconsistently with our current policies and practices. New laws, regulations, and other government
directives in the PRC may also be costly to comply with, and such compliance or any associated inquiries or investigations or any other
government actions may: 

Delay or impede our development, 

Result in negative publicity or increase our operating costs, 

Require significant management time and attention, and 

Subject us to remedies, administrative penalties and even criminal liabilities that may harm our business, including fines assessed for our current or historical operations, or demands or orders that we modify or even cease our business practices. 

The promulgation of new laws
or regulations, or the new interpretation of existing laws and regulations, in each case that restrict or otherwise unfavorably impact
the ability or manner in which we conduct our business and could require us to change certain aspects of our business to ensure compliance,
which could decrease demand for our products, reduce revenues, increase costs, require us to obtain more licenses, permits, approvals
or certificates, or subject us to additional liabilities. To the extent any new or more stringent measures are required to be implemented,
our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected as well as materially decrease the value of our
Common Stock. 

If the Chinese government chooses to exert
more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers, such action could
significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such
securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

Recent statements by the
Chinese government have indicated an intent to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign
investments in China based issuers. PRC has recently proposed new rules that would require companies collecting or holding large amounts
of data to undergo a cybersecurity review prior to listing in foreign countries, a move that would significantly tighten oversight over
China-based internet giants. On January 4, 2022, the Cyberspace Administration of China, or CAC, issued the revised Measures on Cyberspace
Security Review (the Revised Measures ), which came into effect on February 15, 2022. Under the Revised Measures, any network
platform operator controlling personal information of no less than one million users which seeks to list in a foreign stock exchange
should also be subject to cyber security review. Pursuant to the Revised Measures, companies holding data on more than 1 million users
must now apply for cybersecurity approval when seeking listings in other nations due to the risk that such data and personal information
could be affected, controlled, and maliciously exploited by foreign governments. 

16 

Our business belongs to the
chemical industry in China, which does not involve the collection of user data, implicate cybersecurity, or involve any other type of
restricted industry. Based on the advice of PRC counsel and our understanding of currently applicable PRC laws and regulations, listing
of our common stock in the U.S. is not subject to the review or prior approval of the Cyberspace Administration of China (the CAC or the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the CRSC ). Uncertainties still exist, however, due to the possibility that
laws, regulations, or policies in the PRC could change rapidly in the future. Any future action by the PRC government expanding the categories
of industries and companies whose foreign securities offerings are subject to review by the CRSC or the CAC could significantly limit
or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and could cause the value of such securities to
significantly decline or be worthless. 

Uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal
system could adversely affect us. 

The PRC legal system is a
civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions under the civil law system may be cited
for reference but have limited precedential value. 

In 1979, the PRC government
began to promulgate a comprehensive system of laws and regulations governing economic matters generally. The overall effect of legislation
over the past three decades has significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investments in the PRC. However,
the PRC has not developed a fully integrated legal system, and recently enacted laws and regulations may not sufficiently cover all aspects
of economic activities in the PRC. In particular, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws and regulations involve uncertainties.
Since PRC administrative and court authorities have significant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory provisions and contractual
terms, it may be difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy.
These uncertainties may affect our judgment on the relevance of legal requirements and our ability to enforce our contractual rights or
tort claims. In addition, these regulatory uncertainties may be exploited through unmerited or frivolous legal actions or threats in attempts
to extract payments or benefits from us. 

Furthermore, the PRC legal
system is based in part on government policies and internal rules, some of which are not published on a timely basis or at all and may
have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of any of these policies and rules until sometime after the
violation. In addition, any administrative and court proceedings in the PRC may be protracted, resulting in substantial costs and diversion
of resources and management attention. 

If the Chinese government were to impose
new requirements for approval from the PRC Authorities to issue our common stock to foreign investors or list on a foreign exchange, such
action could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the
value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

As of the date of this annual
report, we and our PRC subsidiaries, (1) are not required to obtain permissions from any PRC authorities to operate or issue our common
stock to foreign investors, (2) are not subject to permission requirements from the CSRC, CAC or any other entity that is required to
approve of our PRC subsidiaries operations, and (3) have not received or were denied such permissions by any PRC authorities. Nevertheless,
the General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued
the Opinions on Severely Cracking Down on Illegal Securities Activities According to Law, or the Opinions, which were made
available to the public on July 6, 2021. The Opinions emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities,
and the need to strengthen the supervision over overseas listings by Chinese companies. Given the current PRC regulatory environment,
it is uncertain when and whether we or our PRC subsidiaries, will be required to obtain permission from the PRC government to list on
U.S. exchanges in the future, and even when such permission is obtained, whether it will be denied or rescinded. We have been closely
monitoring regulatory developments in China regarding any necessary approvals from the CSRC or other PRC governmental authorities required
for overseas listings. As of the date of this annual report, we have not received any inquiry, notice, warning, sanctions or regulatory
objection to listing on U.S. exchange from the CSRC or other PRC governmental authorities. However, there remains significant uncertainty
as to the enactment, interpretation and implementation of regulatory requirements related to overseas securities offerings and other capital
markets activities. 

On February 17, 2023, the
CSRC released the Trial Administrative Measures for Administration of Overseas Securities Offerings and Listings by Domestic Companies
(the Trial Measures and five supporting guidelines, which will come into effect on March 31, 2023. Pursuant to the Trial
Measures, domestic companies that seek to offer or list securities overseas, both directly and indirectly, should fulfill the filing procedures
and report relevant information to the CSRC. If a domestic company fails to complete the filing procedures or conceals any material fact
or falsifies any major content in its filing documents, such domestic company may be subject to administrative penalties by the CSRC,
such as order to rectify, warnings, fines, and its controlling shareholders, actual controllers, the person directly in charge and other
directly liable persons may also be subject to administrative penalties, such as warnings and fines. As a listed company, we believe that
we and all of our PRC subsidiaries are not required to fulfill filing procedures and obtain approvals from the CSRC to continue to offer
our securities or operate our business as of the date of this annual report. In addition, to date, none of us and our PRC subsidiaries
has received any filing or compliance requirements from CSRC for the listing of the Company at Nasdaq and all of its overseas offerings.
Furthermore, based on our understanding of the current PRC laws, we believe that the CSRC s approval is not required to be obtained
for the Company s listing on Nasdaq; however, there are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of
the Regulation on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors M A Rules ), other PRC Laws and
future PRC laws and regulations, and there can be no assurance that any governmental agency will not take a view that is contrary to or
otherwise different from our belief stated herein. 

If it is determined in the
future that the approval of the CSRC, the CAC or any other regulatory authority is required for our listing on U.S. exchange, we may face
sanctions by the CSRC, the CAC or other PRC regulatory agencies. These regulatory agencies may impose fines and penalties on our operations
in China, limit our ability to pay dividends outside of China, limit our operations in China or take other actions that could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, as well as the trading price of our securities. 

17 

Our common stock may be delisted from the Nasdaq under the Holding
Foreign Companies Accountable Act if the PCAOB is unable to adequately inspect audit documentation located in China. The delisting of
our common stock, or the threat of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment. 

The HFCAA, was enacted on December 18, 2020. The HFCAA states if the
SEC determines that a company has filed audit reports issued by a registered public accounting firm that has not been subject to inspection
by the PCAOB for three consecutive years beginning in 2021, the SEC shall prohibit such ordinary shares from being traded on a national
securities exchange or in the over the counter trading market in the U.S. 

On March 24, 2021, the SEC adopted interim final rules relating to
the implementation of certain disclosure and documentation requirements of the HFCAA. A company will be required to comply with these
rules if the SEC identifies it as having a non-inspection year under a process to be subsequently established by the SEC.
The SEC is assessing how to implement other requirements of the HFCAA, including the listing and trading prohibition requirements described
above. Furthermore, on June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, which was signed
into law on December 29, 2022, amends the HFCAA and requires the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S.
stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three. On September 22, 2021,
the PCAOB adopted a final rule implementing the HFCAA, which provides a framework for the PCAOB to use when determining, as contemplated
under the HFCAA Act, whether the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms located in a
foreign jurisdiction because of a position taken by one or more authorities in that jurisdiction. On December 2, 2021, the SEC issued
amendments to finalize the interim final rules previously adopted in March 2021 to implement the submission and disclosure requirements
in the HFCAA. The rules apply to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by
a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate
completely because of a position taken by an authority in a foreign jurisdiction. On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a Determination
Report which found that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in:
(1) mainland China of the PRC, because of a position taken by one or more authorities in mainland China; and (2) Hong Kong, a Special
Administrative Region and dependency of the PRC, because of a position taken by one or more authorities in Hong Kong. The PCAOB has made
such designations as mandated under the HFCAA. Pursuant to each annual determination by the PCAOB, the SEC will, on an annual basis,
identify issuers that have used non-inspected audit firms and thus are at risk of such suspensions in the future. On August 26, 2022,
the PCAOB signed the Protocol with the CSRC and the MOF of the People s Republic of China, governing inspections and investigations
of audit firms based in mainland China and Hong Kong. The Protocol remains unpublished and is subject to further explanation and implementation.
Pursuant to the fact sheet with respect to the Protocol disclosed by the SEC, the PCAOB shall have independent discretion to select any
issuer audits for inspection or investigation and the unfettered ability to transfer information to the SEC. On December 15, 2022, the
PCAOB announced that it was able to secure complete access to inspect and investigate PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered
in China mainland and Hong Kong completely in 2022. The PCAOB Board vacated its previous 2021 determinations that the PCAOB was unable
to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in China mainland and Hong Kong. However, whether
the PCAOB will continue to be able to satisfactorily conduct inspections of PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in
China mainland and Hong Kong is subject to uncertainty and depends on a number of factors out of our, and our auditor s, control.
The PCAOB is continuing to demand complete access in China mainland and Hong Kong moving forward and is already making plans to resume
regular inspections in early 2023 and beyond, as well as to continue pursuing ongoing investigations and initiate new investigations
as needed. The PCAOB has indicated that it will act immediately to consider the need to issue new determinations with the HFCAA if needed.
Therefore, the PCAOB may in the future determine that it is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting
firms in mainland China and Hong Kong. 

Our auditor, WWC, P.C., Certified Public Accountants, the independent
registered public accounting firm that issued the audit report included in our annual report, an auditor of companies that are traded
publicly in the United States and an U.S.-based accounting firm registered with the PCAOB, is subject to laws in the United States pursuant
to which the PCAOB conducts regular inspections to assess its compliance with the applicable professional standards. Our auditor is based
in the United States and is subject to inspection by the PCAOB on a regular basis with the last inspection in November 2021. 

 However, our auditor s working papers related to us and our subsidiaries
are located in China. If our auditor is not permitted to provide requested audit work papers located in China to the PCAOB, investors
would be deprived of the benefits of PCAOB s oversight of our auditor through such inspections which could result in limitation
or restriction to our access to the U.S. capital markets, and trading of our securities may be prohibited under the HFCAA, which would
result in the delisting of our securities from the Nasdaq. 

Changes in China s economic, political
or social conditions or government policies could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 

Substantially all of our
assets and operations are located in the PRC. Accordingly, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may
be influenced to a significant degree by political, economic and social conditions in the PRC generally. The Chinese economy differs from
the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including the level of government involvement, development, growth rate, control
of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. Although the Chinese government has implemented measures emphasizing the utilization
of market forces for economic reform, the reduction of state ownership of productive assets, and the establishment of improved corporate
governance in business enterprises, a substantial portion of productive assets in the PRC is still owned by the government. In addition,
the Chinese government continues to play a significant role in regulating industry development by imposing industrial policies. The Chinese
government also exercises significant control over the PRC s economic growth through allocating resources, controlling payment of
foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary policy and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or companies. 

While the Chinese economy
has experienced significant growth over past decades, growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy.
Any adverse changes in economic conditions in the PRC, in the policies of the Chinese government or in the laws and regulations in the
PRC could have a material adverse effect on the overall economic growth of the PRC. Such developments could adversely affect our business
and operating results, lead to a reduction in demand for our services and adversely affect our competitive position. The Chinese government
has implemented various measures to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation of resources. Some of these measures may benefit
the overall Chinese economy, but may have a negative effect on us. For example, our financial condition and results of operations may
be adversely affected by government control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations. In addition, in the past the Chinese
government has implemented certain measures, including interest rate adjustment, to control the pace of economic growth. These measures
may cause decreased economic activity in the PRC, which may adversely affect our business and operating results. 

18 

China s economic, political and social
conditions, as well as changes in any government policies, laws and regulations, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

All of our operations are
located in China and substantially of our net revenues are derived from customers located in China. Accordingly, our business, financial
condition, results of operations, prospects and certain transactions we may undertake may be subject, to a significant extent, to economic,
political and legal developments in China. 

China s economy differs
from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including the amount of government involvement, level of development,
growth rate, control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. Although China s economy has been transitioning from a planned
economy to a more market-oriented economy since the late 1970s, the PRC government continues to play a significant role in regulating
industry development by imposing industrial policies. The PRC government also exercises significant control over China s economic
growth through allocating resources, controlling the incurrence and payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary
policy and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or companies. Changes in any of these policies, laws and regulations
could adversely affect the economy in China and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

The PRC government has implemented
various measures to encourage foreign investment and sustainable economic growth and to guide the allocation of financial and other resources.
However, we cannot assure you that the PRC government will not repeal or alter these measures or introduce new measures that will have
a negative effect on us. China s social and political conditions may change and become unstable. Any sudden changes to China s
political system or the occurrence of widespread social unrest could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

You may experience difficulties in effecting
service of legal process, enforcing foreign judgments or bringing actions in China against us or our management based on foreign laws. 

We conduct substantially
all of our operations in China, and substantially all of our assets are located in China. In addition, our current officers reside within
China and are PRC nationals. As a result, it may be difficult for our shareholders to effect service of process upon us or those persons
inside the PRC. In addition, the PRC does not have treaties providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments of courts
with the U.S. and many other countries and regions. Therefore, recognition and enforcement in the PRC of judgments of a court in any of
these non-PRC jurisdictions in relation to any matter not subject to a binding arbitration provision may be difficult or impossible. 

We may rely on dividends and other distributions
on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements we may have, and any limitation on the ability of our
PRC subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business. 

We rely principally on dividends
and other distributions on equity from our PRC subsidiaries for our cash requirements, including for services of any debt we may incur. 

Our PRC subsidiaries 
ability to distribute dividends is based upon their distributable earnings. Current PRC regulations permit our PRC subsidiaries to pay
dividends to their respective shareholders only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with PRC accounting
standards and regulations. In addition, each of our PRC subsidiaries, as a Foreign Invested Enterprise, or FIE, are required to draw 10 
of its after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a common reserve, which may stop drawing its after-tax profits if the aggregate balance
of the common reserve has already accounted for over 50 percent of its registered capital. These reserves are not distributable as cash
dividends. If our PRC subsidiaries incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict their
ability to pay dividends or make other payments to us. Any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to distribute dividends or
other payments to their respective shareholders could materially and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions
that could be beneficial to our business, pay dividends or otherwise fund and conduct our business. 

In addition, the Enterprise
Income Tax Law and its implementation rules provide that a withholding tax rate of up to 10 will be applicable to dividends payable by
Chinese companies to non-PRC-resident enterprises unless otherwise exempted or reduced according to treaties or arrangements between the
PRC central government and governments of other countries or regions where the non-PRC resident enterprises are incorporated. 

19 

PRC regulation of loans to and direct investment
in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion may delay us from making loans or additional
capital contributions to our PRC subsidiaries, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand
our business. 

Any funds we transfer to
our PRC subsidiaries, either as a shareholder loan or as an increase in registered capital, are subject to approval by or registration
with relevant governmental authorities in China. According to the relevant PRC regulations on foreign-invested enterprises, or FIEs, in
China, capital contributions to our PRC subsidiaries are subject to the approval of or filing with the Ministry of Commerce, or MOFCOM
or its local branches and registration with a local bank authorized by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE. In addition,
(i) a foreign loan of less one year duration procured by our PRC subsidiaries is required to be registered with SAFE or its local branches
and (ii) a foreign loan of one year duration or more procured by our PRC subsidiaries is required to be applied to the National Development
and Reform Commission, or NDRC, in advance for undergoing recordation registration formalities. Any medium or long-term loan to be provided
by us to our PRC operating subsidiaries, must be registered with the NDRC and the SAFE or its local branches. We may not be able to complete
such registrations on a timely basis, with respect to future capital contributions or foreign loans by us to our PRC Subsidiary. If we
fail to complete such registrations, our ability to capitalize our PRC operations may be negatively affected, which could adversely affect
our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business. 

On March 30, 2015, the SAFE
promulgated the Circular on Reforming the Management Approach Regarding the Foreign Exchange Capital Settlement of Foreign-Invested Enterprises,
or SAFE Circular 19, which took effect as of June 1, 2015. SAFE Circular 19 launched a nationwide reform of the administration of the
settlement of the foreign exchange capitals of FIEs and allows FIEs to settle their foreign exchange capital at their discretion, but
continues to prohibit FIEs from using the Renminbi fund converted from their foreign exchange capital for expenditure beyond their business
scopes, providing entrusted loans or repaying loans between nonfinancial enterprises. The SAFE issued the Circular on Reforming and Regulating
Policies on the Control over Foreign Exchange Settlement of Capital Accounts, or SAFE Circular 16, effective in June 2016. Pursuant to
SAFE Circular 16, enterprises registered in China may also convert their foreign debts from foreign currency to Renminbi on a self-discretionary
basis. SAFE Circular 16 provides an integrated standard for conversion of foreign exchange under capital account items (including but
not limited to foreign currency capital and foreign debts) on a self-discretionary basis which applies to all enterprises registered in
China. SAFE Circular 16 reiterates the principle that Renminbi converted from foreign currency-denominated capital of a company may not
be directly or indirectly used for purposes beyond its business scope or prohibited by PRC laws or regulations, while such converted Renminbi
shall not be provided as loans to its non-affiliated entities. As this circular is relatively new, there remains uncertainty as to its
interpretation and application and any other future foreign exchange related rules. Violations of these Circulars could result in severe
monetary or other penalties. SAFE Circular 19 and SAFE Circular 16 may significantly limit our ability to use Renminbi converted from
the net proceeds of this offering to fund our PRC operating subsidiary, to invest in or acquire any other PRC companies through our PRC
Subsidiary, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Fluctuations in exchange rates could have
a material and adverse effect on our results of operations and the value of your investment. 

The value of the Renminbi
against the U.S. dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions
and the foreign exchange policy adopted by the PRC government. It is difficult to predict how long such appreciation of RMB against the
U.S. dollar may last and when and how the relationship between the RMB and the U.S. dollar may change again. All of our revenues
and substantially all of our costs are denominated in Renminbi. We rely on dividends paid by our operating subsidiaries in China for our
cash needs. Any significant revaluation of Renminbi may materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial position
reported in Renminbi when translated into U.S. dollars, and the value of, and any dividends payable on, the common stock in U.S. dollars.
To the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars into Renminbi for our operations, appreciation of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar
would have an adverse effect on the Renminbi amount we would receive. Conversely, if we decide to convert our Renminbi into U.S. dollars
for the purpose of making payments for dividends on our common stock or for other business purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against
the Renminbi would have a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount. 

20 

Governmental control of currency conversion
may limit our ability to utilize our revenues effectively and affect the value of your investment. 

The PRC government imposes
controls on the convertibility of the Renminbi into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of China.
We receive substantially all of our revenues in Renminbi. Under our current corporate structure, we primarily rely on dividend payments
from our PRC subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements we may have. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments
of current account items, including profit distributions, interest payments and trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions,
can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval of SAFE by complying with certain procedural requirements. Specifically, under
the existing exchange restrictions, without prior approval of SAFE, cash generated from the operations of our PRC subsidiaries in China
may be used to pay dividends to our company. However, approval from or registration with appropriate government authorities is required,
in principle, where RMB is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment
of loans denominated in foreign currencies. As a result, we need to obtain SAFE approval to use cash generated from the operations of
our PRC subsidiaries to pay off their respective debt in a currency other than Renminbi owed to entities outside China, or to make other
capital expenditure payments outside China in a currency other than Renminbi. The PRC government may at its discretion restrict access
to foreign currencies for current account transactions in the future. If the foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining
sufficient foreign currencies to satisfy our foreign currency demands, we may not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to our
shareholders, including holders of the Common stock. 

U.S. regulatory bodies may be limited in
their ability to conduct investigations or inspections of our operations in China. 

Any disclosure of documents
or information located in China by foreign agencies may be subject to jurisdiction constraints and must comply with China s state
secrecy laws, which broadly define the scope of state secrets to include matters involving economic interests and technologies.
There is no guarantee that requests from U.S. federal or state regulators or agencies to investigate or inspect our operations will be
honored by us, by entities who provide services to us or with whom we associate, without violating PRC legal requirements, especially
as those entities are located in China. Furthermore, under the current PRC laws, an on-site inspection of our facilities by any of these
regulators may be limited or prohibited. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

FIGURE 2.1 - REGIONAL MAP OF MINING PROPERTIES 

21 

FIGURE 2.2 DETAIED MAP OF MINING PROPERTIES 

We do not own any land, although we do own some
of the buildings on land we lease. Our executive offices are located at Level 11, Vegetable Building, Industrial Park of the East
in Shouguang City, Shandong Province, P.R.C, which also is the headquarters of SCHC, SHSI and SYCI. These offices were purchased from
Shandong Shouguang Vegetable Seed industry Group Co., Ltd. 

22 

SYCI concentrates its efforts on the production
and sale of chemical products that are used in oil and gas field exploration, oil and gas distribution, oil field drilling, papermaking
chemical agents, and manufacture and sell materials that are used for human and animal antibiotics in China. Currently, SYCI is closed
according to the November 2017 Letter and currently under construction at Bohai Marine Fine Chemical Industry Park, Shouguang City, Shandong
Province, China, where SYCI will be relocated to. 

DCHC is a registered company exploring and developing
natural gas and brine resources (including bromine and crude salt) in China located in No.14 team, Liguanggou Village, Tianbao Township,
Daying County, Suining City, Sichuan Province, China. 

In the first quarter of 2018, six out of its ten
bromine factories completed their rectification process within factory areas (i.e. excluding crude salt field area) and were approved
and scheduled for production commencement by April 2018 as verbally indicated by the local government. The remaining four factories were
still undergoing rectification at that time. Three factories (Factory No. 3, Factory No. 4 and Factory No. 11) had to be demolished in
September 2018 as required by the government and rectification for Factory No. 10 was completed in November 2018. 

The Company operates its bromine and crude salt
production facilities through its wholly-owned subsidiary SCHC. SCHC has land use rights to one property (10,790 square meters,
or approximately 3 acre) as bromine production area for Factory No. 1 and land lease contracts to seven properties (approximately 17,816
acre), totaling nearly 17,819 acre, located on the south bank of Laizhou Bay on the Shandong Peninsula of the People s Republic
of China. Each of the properties is accessible by road. The Yiyang railway line is within 50 kilometers and the Yangkou port
is five kilometers away. 

Each of the seven properties contains natural
brine deposits which are extracted through wells and are used to extract bromine and produce crude salt. Bromine is a simple molecular
element which is produced by extracting the bromine ion from natural brine. Crude salt is sodium chloride. Bromine is an important
chemical raw material in flame retardants, fire extinguishing agents, refrigerants, photographic materials, pharmaceuticals, pesticides,
and oil and other industries. Crude salt, also known as industrial salt, is used in a wide range of chemical industries, is
the major raw material in the soda and chlor-alkali industries and can be widely used in agricultural, animal husbandry, fisheries and
food processing industries. Crude salt is also the main raw material for edible salt. 

Nature of Ownership Interest in the Properties 

All of the land in the PRC is owned by the state.
Individuals and companies are permitted to acquire rights to use land or land use rights for specific purposes at no cost. In the case
of land used for industrial purposes, the land use rights are granted for a period of 50 years. This period may be renewed at the expiration
of the initial and any subsequent terms. Granted land use rights are transferable and may be used as security for borrowings and other
obligations. The Company does not own any land but has entered into contracts with the local government and original owners of the land
use rights to acquire their rights for a period of 50 years. The contracts required us to pay a one-time fee plus an annual
rent. 

Mineral Rights 

The Chinese and provincial governments have enacted
a series of laws and regulations relating to the natural resources sector over the past 20 years, including laws and regulations designed
to improve safety and decrease environmental degradation. The China Mineral Resources Law declares state ownership
of all mineral resources in China. However, mineral exploration rights can be purchased, sold and transferred to both domestic
and foreign owned companies. Mineral resource rights are granted by the central government permitting recipients to conduct mineral resource
activities in a specific area during the license period. These rights entitle the licensee to undertake mineral resource activities
and infrastructure and ancillary work, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, within the specific area covered by the license
during the license period. The licensee is required to submit a proposal and feasibility studies to the relevant authority and to pay
the central government a natural resources tax levied at 8 of sales. The Company was exempt from paying the fee prior to January
1, 2008. Shandong province has determined that bromine is to be extracted only by licensed entities. 

23 

Our mineral rights are issued by the local government
and allow for a one year period of mining. The rights provide us with the exclusive rights to explore and extract natural brine
under the leased land and produce bromine and crude salt. The government performs an annual inspection of the company s previous
year s state of production operations at beginning of each year. The annual inspection reviews: (1) whether the
production is safe and if any accidents occurred during the previous year; (2) whether the natural resources tax and other taxes were
timely paid; (3) whether employees salary and welfare benefits were timely paid; and (4) whether the Company meets environment
protection standards. Only those companies who pass the inspection receive mineral rights for another one year term. For those companies
who do not pass the inspection, additional mineral rights are not allocated until they can meet the requirements. If there is major safety
accident, the government may revoke the mining permit. 

The mining certificate were renewed in July 2021
with production limit of 24,000 tons of bromine production per year. 

On September 21, 2018, we received a closing
notice from the People s Government of Yangkou Town, Shouguang City informing us that we had to shut down our three bromine factories
(Factory No. 3, No. 4, and No. 11.). 

The following is a description of the land use
and mineral rights related to each of the nine properties held by SCHC as of December 31, 2022. 

All of the bromine factories are under rectification
process without production. 

Property 
 Factory No. 1 Haoyuan General Factory 
 
 Area 
 6,442 acres 
 
 Date of Acquisition 
 February 5, 2007 
 
 Land Use Rights Lease Term 
 Fifty Years 
 
 Land Use Rights Expiration Date 
 2054 (for mining areas only) 
 
 The number of remaining years to expiration of the of the land lease as of December 31, 2021 
 31.25 Years 
 
 Prior fees paid for land use rights 
 RMB8.6 million 
 
 Annual Rent 
 RMB186,633 
 
 Mining Permit No.: 
 C3707002009056220022340 
 
 Date of Permission: 
 July 2018, subject to renewal per three years 
 
 Period of Permission: 
 Three year 

Property 
 Factory No. 4 originally named as Subdivision of Factory No. 1 State-owned Shouguang Qinshuibo Farm 
 
 Area 
 0.79 acres 
 
 Date of Factory lease 
 January 1, 2011 
 
 Factory Lease Term 
 Twenty Years 
 
 Factory lease Expiration Date 
 2030 
 
 The number of remaining years to expiration of the of the factory lease as of December 31, 2021 
 8.0 Years 
 
 Prior Fees Paid for Land Use Rights 
 Not applicable 
 
 Annual Rent 
 RMB5,000,000 
 
 Mining Permit No.: 
 Under application 

24 

Property 
 Factory No. 2 Yuwenbo 
 
 Area 
 1,846 acres 
 
 Date of Acquisition 
 April 7, 2007 
 
 Land Use Rights Lease Term 
 Fifty Years 
 
 Land Use Rights Expiration Date 
 2052 
 
 The number of remaining years to expiration of the of the land lease as of December 31, 2021 
 30 Years 
 
 Prior Fees Paid For Land Use Rights 
 RMB7.5 million 
 
 Annual Rent 
 RMB162,560 
 
 Mining Permit No.: 
 C3707002009056220022340 
 
 Date of Permission: 
 July 2021, subject to renewal per three years 
 
 Period of Permission: 
 Three year 

Property 
 Factory No. 2 State Operated Shouguang Qingshuibo Farm 
 
 Area 
 568 acres 
 
 Date of Acquisition 
 December 30, 2010 
 
 Land Use Rights Lease Term 
 Thirty Years 
 
 Land Use Rights Expiration Date 
 2040 
 
 The number of remaining years to expiration of the of the land lease as of December 31, 2021 
 18.7 Years 
 
 Prior Fees Paid for Land Use Rights 
 Not applicable 
 
 Annual Rent 
 RMB172,500 (increase 5 per year) 
 
 Mining Permit No.: 
 Under application 

Property 
 Factory No. 7 (originally named as No. 5) Wangjiancai 
 
 Area 
 2,165 acres 
 
 Date of Acquisition 
 October 25, 2007 
 
 Land Use Rights Lease Term 
 Fifty Years 
 
 Land Use Rights Expiration Date 
 2054 
 
 The number of remaining years to expiration of the of the land lease as of December 31, 2021 
 32 Years 
 
 Annual Rent 
 RMB176,441 
 
 Prior Fees Paid for Land Use Rights 
 RMB8.3 million 
 
 Mining Permit No.: 
 Under application, written consent obtained from local land and resources departments 

Property 
 Factory No. 7 Qiufen Yuan 
 
 Area 
 1,611 acres 
 
 Date of Acquisition 
 January 7, 2009 
 
 Land Use Rights Lease Term 
 Fifty Years 
 
 Land Use Rights Expiration Date 
 2059 
 
 The number of remaining years to expiration of the of the land lease as of December 31, 2021 
 36.17 Years 
 
 Prior Fees Paid for Land Use Rights 
 Not applicable 
 
 Annual Rent 
 RMB171,150 (increase 5 per two years) 
 
 Mining Permit No.: 
 C3707002009056220022340 
 
 Date of Permission: 
 July 2018, subject to renewal per three years 
 
 Period of Permission: 
 Three year 

25 

Property 
 Factory No. 8 Fengxia Yuan 
 
 Area 
 2,723 acres 
 
 Date of Acquisition 
 September 7, 2009 
 
 Land Use Rights Lease Term 
 Fifty Years 
 
 Land Use Rights Expiration Date 
 2059 
 
 The number of remaining years to expiration of the of the land lease as of December 31, 2021 
 36.66 Years 
 
 Prior Fees Paid for Land Use Rights 
 Not applicable 
 
 Annual Rent 
 RMB347,130 (increase 5 per two years) 
 
 Mining Permit No.: 
 Under application, written consent obtained from local land and resources departments 

Property 
 Factory No. 9 Jinjin Li 
 
 Area 
 759 acres 
 
 Date of Acquisition 
 June 7, 2010 
 
 Land Use Rights Lease Term 
 Fifty Years 
 
 Land Use Rights Expiration Date 
 2060 
 
 The number of remaining years to expiration of the of the land lease as of December 31, 2021 
 37.5 Years 
 
 Prior Fees Paid for Land Use Rights 
 Not applicable 
 
 Annual Rent 
 RMB184,200 (increase 5 per two years) 
 
 Mining Permit No.: 
 Under application, written consent obtained from local land and resources departments 

Property 
 Factory No. 10 Liangcai Zhang 
 
 Area 
 1,700 acres 
 
 Date of Acquisition 
 December 13, 2021 
 
 Land Use Rights Lease Term 
 Ten Years 
 
 Land Use Rights Expiration Date 
 2031 
 
 The number of remaining years to expiration of the of the land lease as of December 31, 2021 
 9.0 Years 
 
 Prior Fees Paid for Land Use Rights 
 Not applicable 
 
 Annual Rent 
 RMB1,376,000 
 
 Mining Permit No.: 
 Under application 

Leased Facility 

On November 5, 2010, SCHC entered into a Lease
Contract with State-Operated Shouguang Qingshuibo Farm. Pursuant to the Lease Contract, SCHC shall lease certain property with an area
of 3,192 square meters (or 0.8 acres) and buildings adjacent to the Company s Factory No. 1. There are currently non-operating
bromine production facilities on the property which have not been in production for more than 12 months. The annual lease payment
for the property is RMB 5.0 million, approximately 784,250, per year and shall be paid by SCHC no later than June 30th of each year. The
term of the Lease Contract is for twenty years commencing January 1, 2011. The Lease Contract may be renewed by SCHC for an additional
twenty year period on the same terms. The Lessor has agreed to permit SCHC to reconstruct and renovate the existing bromine
production facilities on the property. 

26 

The chart below represents the annual production
capacity and annualized utilization ratios for our bromine producing properties currently leased by the Company, which are all located
in Shouguang City, Shandong Province, China. There are no proven and probable reserves located on our properties. 

Bromine Property 
 Facility Acquisition Date 
 Acres 
 Annual Production Capacity # (in tons) 
 2022 Utilization Ratio 
 2021 Utilization Ratio 
 
 Factory No. 1 
 
 6,442 
 6,681 
 36 
 34 
 
 Factory No. 2 
 April 7, 2007 
 1,846 
 4,844 

Factory No. 7 (originally named as No. 5 and No. 7) 
 October 25, 2007/ January 7, 2009 
 3,776 
 6,986 
 35 
 34 

Factory No. 8 
 September 7, 2009 
 2,723 
 4,016 
 3 

Factory No. 9 
 June 7, 2010 
 759 
 2,793 
 54 
 51 
 
 Factory No.4 (originally named as Subdivision of Factory No. 1) 
 January 1, 2011 
 1 
 3,186 
 43 
 43 
 
 Factory No. 10 
 December 22, 2011 
 1,700 
 3,000 

Bromine production for Factory No. 5 and Factory No. 7 were combined in early 2010 as both factories are located adjacent to each other, and renamed Factory No. 5 (which was previously considered part of Factory No. 7) as Factory No. 7 on May 2019. 

The following table shows the annual bromine produced
and sold for each of our production facilities and the weighted average price received for all products sold for the last two years. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Bromine Facility 
 Produced (in tons) 
 Sold (in tons) 
 Selling price (RMB/ton) 
 Produced (in tons) 
 Sold (in tons) 
 Selling price (RMB/ton) 
 
 Factory No. 1 
 2,401 
 2,402 
 51,184 
 2,255 
 2,234 
 42,794 
 
 Factory No. 2 

Factory No. 3 

Factory No. 4 

Factory No. 7 (originally named as No. 5 and No. 7) 
 2,433 
 2,434 
 51,185 
 2,398 
 2,378 
 43,348 

Factory No. 8 
 116 
 108 
 51,327 

Factory No. 9 
 1,504 
 1,506 
 51,193 
 1,415 
 1,395 
 42,072 
 
 Factory No. 4 (originally know Subdivision
of Factory No. 1) 
 1,367 
 1,367 
 51,181 
 1,380 
 1,372 
 41,760 
 
 Factory No. 10 

Factory No. 11 

Total 
 7,821 
 7,817 
 
 7,448 
 7,379 

Bromine production for Factory No. 5 and Factory No. 7 were combined in early 2010 as both factories are located adjacent to each other., and renamed Factory No. 5 (which was previously considered part of Factory No. 7) as Factory No. 7 on May 2019. 

Factory No. 3, 4 and 11 were demolished in September 2018. 

27 

The following table shows the annual crude salt
produced and sold for each of our production facilities and the weighted average price received for all products sold for the last two
years. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Crude Salt Facility 
 Produced (in tons) 
 Sold (in tons) 
 Selling price (RMB/ton) 
 Produced (in tons) 
 Sold (in tons) 
 Selling price (RMB/ton) 
 
 Factory No. 1 
 4,790 
 3,780 
 272 
 5,870 
 6,920 
 216 
 
 Factory No. 2 
 7,480 
 3,330 
 239 

Factory No. 7 (Originally Named as No. 5 and No. 7) 
 111,740 
 109,210 
 258 
 116,080 
 117,100 
 213 

Factory No. 8 
 17,880 
 17,880 
 256 

Factory No. 9 
 56,470 
 50,320 
 255 
 58,080 
 57,700 
 222 
 
 Total 
 198,360 
 184,520 
 
 180,030 
 181,720 

Bromine production for Factory No. 5 and Factory No. 7 were combined in early 2010 as both factories are located adjacent to each other, and renamed Factory No. 5 (which was previously considered part of Factory No. 7) as Factory No. 7 on May 2019 

Our SYCI s production facilities did not
produce or sold any chemical products for the last two years. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We are currently not a party to any legal or administrative
proceedings and are not aware of any pending or threatened legal or administrative proceedings against us in all material aspects other
than the legal proceeding disclosed below. We may from time to time become a party to various legal or administrative proceedings arising
in the ordinary course of our business. 

On or about August 3, 2018, written decisions
of administration penalty captioned Shou Guo Tu Zi Fa Gao Zi [2018] No. 291, Shou Guo Tu Zi Fa Gao Zi [2018] No. 292, Shou Guo Tu Zi Fa
Gao Zi [2018] No. 293, Shou Guo Tu Zi Fa Gao Zi [2018] No. 294, Shou Guo Tu Zi Fa Gao Zi [2018] No. 295 and Shou Guo Tu Zi Fa Gao Zi [2018]
No. 296 (together, the Written Decisions were served on Shouguang City Haoyuan Chemical Company Limited SCHC by the Shouguang City Natural Resources and Planning Bureau (the Bureau ), naming SCHC as respondent. For more details and
information related to the Written Decisions, please see Note 21 Loss Contingencies, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statement 
contained in this annual report. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

28 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market for Our Common Stock 

Our common stock is listed for trading on the
NASDAQ Global Select Market, or NASDAQ, under the symbol GURE . 

Dividends 

We have never paid cash dividends on our common
stock. Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, declared and paid from time to time by the Board of Directors
out of funds legally available. We intend to retain any earnings for the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate
paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the payment of cash dividends will depend upon future
earnings, results of operations, future expansion of bromine and crude salt business and other, capital requirements, our financial
condition and other factors that our Board of Directors may consider. 

Our Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table provides information as of
December 31, 2022 about our equity compensation plans and arrangements. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information -as of December
31, 2022 

Plan category 
 
 Number of securities to 
 be issued upon exercise 
 of outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights 
 
 Weighted-average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 -- 
 -- 
 856,801 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 Total 
 -- 
 -- 
 856,801 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Company
and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

29 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

Overview 

We are a Nevada holding company which conducts
operations through our wholly-owned China-based subsidiaries. Our business is conducted and reported in four segments, namely,
bromine, crude salt, chemical products and natural gas. 

Through our wholly-owned subsidiary, SCHC, we
produce and trade bromine and crude salt. We are one of the largest producers of bromine in China, as measured by production output.
Elemental bromine is used to manufacture a wide variety of bromine compounds used in industry and agriculture. Bromine also is used to
form intermediary chemical compounds such as Tetramethylbenzidine. Bromine is commonly used in brominated flame retardants,
fumigants, water purification compounds, dyes, medicines and disinfectants. Crude salt is the principal material in alkali
production as well as chlorine alkali production and is widely used in the chemical, food and beverage, and other industries. 

Through our wholly-owned subsidiary, SYCI, we
manufacture and sell chemical products used in oil and gas field exploration, oil and gas distribution, oil field drilling, papermaking
chemical agents, inorganic chemicals and materials that are used for human and animal antibiotics. 

Our wholly-owned subsidiary, DCHC, was established
to explore and develop natural gas and brine resources (including bromine and crude salt) in Sichuan Province, China. 

As disclosed in the Company s Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on September 8, 2017, the Company received, on September 1, 2017, letters from the Yangkou County, Shouguang City government
addressed to each of its subsidiaries, SCHC and SYCI, which stated that in an effort to improve the safety and environmental protection
management level of chemical enterprises, the plants are requested to immediately stop production and perform rectification and improvements
in accordance with the country s new safety and environmental protection requirements. In the Company s press release of August
11, 2017 and on its conference call of August 14, 2017, the Company addressed concerns that increased government enforcement of stringent
environmental rules that were adopted in early 2017 to insure corporations bring their facilities up to necessary standards so that pollution
and other negative environmental issues are limited and remediated, could have an impact on our business in both the short and long-term.
The Company also expressed that although it believed its facilities were fully compliant at the time, the Company did not know how its
facilities would fare under the new rules. Teams of inspectors from the government were sent to many provinces to inspect all mining and
manufacturing facilities. The local government requested that facilities be closed, so that the facilities could undergo the inspection
and analysis in the most efficient manner by inspectors team. As a result, our facilities were closed on September 1, 2017. 

The Company believes that this is another step
by the government to improve the environment. It further believes the goal of the government is not to close all plants, but rather to
codify the regulations related to project approval, land use, planning approval and environmental protection assessment approval so that
illegal plants are not able to open in the future and so that plants close to population centers do not cause serious environmental damage.
In addition, the Company believes that the Shandong provincial government wants to assure that each of its regional and county governments
has applied the Notice in a consistent manner. 

The Shouguang City Bromine Association, on behalf
of all the bromine plants in Shouguang, started discussions with the local government agencies. The local governmental agencies confirmed
the facts that their initial requirements for the bromine industry did not include the project approval, the planning approval and the
land use rights approval and that those three additional approvals were new requirements of the provincial government. The Company understood
from the local government that it has been coordinating with several government agencies to solve these three outstanding approval issues
in a timely manner and that all the affected bromine plants willnot be allowed to commence production prior to obtaining those approvals. 

In February 2019, the Company received a notification from the local
government of Yangkou County that its Factory No. 1, No.4, No. 7 and No. 9 had passed inspection and could resume operations. In April
2019, Factory No. 1 and No. 7 resumed operations. 

On February 28, 2020, the Company announced that
it received an approval from the government to resume bromine production after winter temporary closure. Subsequently, it received another
approval from the Shouguang Yangkou People s Government dated on March 5, 2020 to resume production at its bromine factories No.1,
No. 4, No.7 and No. 9 in order to meet the needs of bromide products for epidemic prevention and control. With these two approvals, the
Company was allowed to resume production at all four bromine factories. 

The Company received an oral notification from
the government for its Factory No. 8, which permitted Factory No.8 to resume production in August 2022. Factory No.8 started to contribute
revenue in the fourth quarter 2022. 

Pursuant to the notification from the government
of Shouguang City, all bromine facilities in Shouguang City were temporarily closed from December 10, 2022 until February 1, 2023 8:00
AM China Time. To comply with such notification, the Company had temporarily stopped production at its bromine facilities during the aforesaid
period and reopened the operating bromine and crude salt factories in February, 2023 as planned. 

30 

The Company is still waiting for governmental
approval for factories No.2 and No.10. To its knowledge, the government is currently completing its planning process for all mining areas
including that for prevention of flood. As a result, the Company may be required to make some modifications to our current wells and aqueducts
prior to commencement of operations of these factories to satisfy the local government's requirements. 

On November 24, 2017, Gulf Resources received
a letter from the People s Government of Yangkou County, Shouguang City notifying the Company that due to the new standards and
regulations relating to safety production and environmental pollution, from certain local governmental departments, such as the municipal
environmental protection department, the security supervision department and the fire department, its chemical enterprises would have
to be relocated to a new industrial park called Bohai Marine Fine Chemical Industry Park. Although our chemical companies
were in compliance with regulations, they were also close to a residential area. As a result, the government determined we should relocate
to the Bohai park. Chemical companies that are not being asked to move into the park are being permanently closed. Since our factories
closed, the Company has secured from the government the land use rights for its chemical plant. On January 6, 2020, the Company received
the environmental protection approval by the government of Shouguang City, Shandong Province for the proposed Yuxin Chemical factory.
The Company began the construction on its new chemical facilities located at Bohai Marine Fine Chemical Industrial Park in June 2020.
The construction was expected to take approximately one year and an additional six months to complete the equipment installation and
testing, however due to the COVID epidemic and electrical restrictions, the opening of the chemical factory has been delayed. The Company
has received the refrigeration and air compressor units. The rest equipment is expected to be delivered by the second quarter of
2023. The Company intends to start installation of equipment and may start testing andtrial production by the end of 2023 or beginning
of 2024. 

In January 2017, the Company completed the first
brine water and natural gas well field construction in Daying located in Sichuan Province and commenced trial production in January 2019.
On May 29, 2019, the Company received a verbal notice from the government of Tianbao Town ,Daying County, Sichuan Province, whereby the
Company is required to obtain project approval for its well located in Daying, including the whole natural gas and brine water project,
and approvals for safety production inspection, environmental protection assessment, and to solve the related land issue. Until these
approvals have been received, the Company has to temporarily halt trial production at its natural gas well in Daying. In compliance with
the Chinese government new policies, the Company is also required to obtain an exploration license and a mining license for bromine and
natural gas, respectively. Pursuant to the Opinions of the Ministry of Natural Resources on Several Issues in Promoting the Reform of
Mineral Resources Management (Trial) promulgated by the Ministry of Natural Resources of PRC on January 9, 2020, which came into effect
on May 1, 2020, privately owned enterprises are allowed to participate in the natural gas production. The Company plans to proceed with
its applications for the natural gas and brine project approvals with related government departments until after the governmental planning
has been finalized the land and resource planning for Sichuan Province. 

As a result of our acquisitions of SCHC and SYCI,
our historical consolidated financial statements and the information presented below reflects the accounts of SCHC SYCI and
DCHC, the consolidated financial statements and the information presented below as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in
this report. 

On January 28, 2020 we completed a 1-for-5 reverse
stock split of our common stock, such that for each five shares outstanding prior to the stock split there was one share outstanding after
the reverse stock split. All shares of common stock referenced in this report have been adjusted to reflect the stock split
figures. 

31 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

Year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to
year ended December 31, 2021 

Years ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Percent Change Increase/ (Decrease) 
 
 Net Revenue 
 66,094,486 
 55,030,586 
 20 
 
 Cost of Net Revenue 
 (28,669,152 
 (27,132,372 
 6 
 
 Gross Profit 
 37,425,334 
 27,898,214 
 34 
 
 Sales, Marketing and Other Operating Expense 
 (62,871 
 (62,964 
 (0.15 
 
 Direct labor and factory overheads incurred during plant shutdown 
 (12,002,629 
 (10,718,605 
 12 
 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 (6,028,079 
 (9,525,235 
 (37 
 
 Other Operating Expense 
 (2,850,059 
 (2,380,540 
 20 
 
 Profit from Operations 
 16,481,696 
 5,210,870 
 216 
 
 Other Income, Net 
 164,739 
 162,230 
 1 
 
 Income before Taxes 
 16,646,435 
 5,373,500 
 210 
 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 (6,586,985 
 (6,298,218 
 5 
 
 Net Income 
 10,059,450 
 (924,718 
 1088 

Net Income of 10,059,450 was mainly due to higher
sales, improved margins and lower compensation costs, and the compensation costs 668,000 for shares issued to company employees, officers
and consultant for year 2022 . 

If we do not consider these unexpected nonrecurring
and non-operational factors, and the impairments and write-offs for total 5,319,707, our net income would
be adjusted back to 15,379,157 for fiscal year 2022. 

Net Revenue The table below shows
the changes in net revenue in the respective segment of the Company for the fiscal year 2022 compared to the same period in 2021: 

Net Revenue by Segment 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 
 Percent Increase (Decrease) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 of Net Revenue 
 
 Segment 
 
 of total 
 
 of total 

Bromine 
 58,964,941 
 89.2 
 48,871,396 
 88.9 
 21 
 
 Crude Salt 
 6,996,552 
 10.6 
 6,080,242 
 11 
 15 
 
 Chemical Products 

Natural Gas 

Bromine 
 25,087,171 
 88 
 22,848,348 
 84 
 10 
 
 Equipment Lease 
 132,993 
 0.2 
 78,948 
 0.1 
 0.1 
 
 Total sales 
 66,094,486 
 100 
 55,030,586 
 100 
 20 

Years Ended December 31 
 Percent Change 
 
 Bromine and crude salt segments product sold in tonnes 
 2022 
 2021 
 Increase 
 
 Bromine (excluded volume sold to SYCI) 
 7,817 
 7,379 
 6 
 
 Crude Salt 
 184,520 
 181,720 
 1.5 

32 

Bromine segment 

Net revenue from our bromine segment increased
by 21 to 58,964,941 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 48,871,396 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase
was due to the 6 increase in tonnes sold and a 14 increase in average selling price. 

Crude salt segment 

Net revenue from our crude salt segment increased
by 15 to 6,996,552 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared 6,080,242 for the same period in 2021. This increase was due to increases
in crude salt unit price of 13 and an increase in volume of 1.5 

Chemical products segment 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, the net revenue for the chemical products segment was 0 due to the closure of our chemical factories since September
1, 2017. 

33 

Natural gas segment 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, and December
31, 2021, the net revenue for the natural gas production was 0. 

Equipment Lease 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, and December
31, 2021, the net revenue for the equipment lease was 132,993 and 78,948. 

Cost of Net Revenue 

Cost of Net Revenue by Segment 
 Change 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 
 of Cost of 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Net Revenue 
 
 Segment 
 
 of total 
 
 of total 

Bromine 
 25,087,171 
 88 
 22,848,348 
 84 
 10 
 
 Crude Salt 
 3,581,567 
 12 
 4,284,024 
 16 
 (16 
 
 Chemical Products 

Natural Gas 
 414 

100 
 
 Total 
 28,669,152 
 100 
 27,132,372 
 100 
 6 

Cost of net revenue reflects mainly
the raw materials consumed and the direct salaries and benefits of staff engaged in the production process, electricity, depreciation
and amortization of manufacturing plant and machinery and other manufacturing costs. Our cost of net revenue was 28,669,152 for the year
ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 1,536,780(or 6 as compared to the same period in 2021 due to the increase of net revenue by
21 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021 . 

In May 2022, we separated the bromine and the
crude salt business to conform with government regulations. This separation required different allocation of costs. The net impact was
to increase the cost allocations to bromine and decrease the cost allocations to crude salt. 

Bromine production capacity and utilization
of our factories 

The table below represents the annual capacity
and utilization ratios for all of our bromine producing properties: 

Annual Production Capacity (in tonnes) 
 
 Utilization 
Ratio (i) 
 
 Fiscal year 2022 

31,506 

25 

Fiscal year 2021 

31,506 

25 

Variance of the fiscal year 2022 and 2021 

0 

0 

(i) 
 Utilization ratio is calculated based on the annualized actual production volume in tonnes for the periods divided by the annual production capacity in tonnes. 

Bromine segment 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 the cost
of net revenue for the bromine segment was 25,087,171. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021 the cost
of net revenue for the bromine segment was 22,848,348. 

Crude salt segment 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 the cost
of net revenue for the crude salt segment was 3,581,567.The cost of net revenue for our crude salt segment for the year ended December
31, 2021 was 4,284,024. 

Chemical products segment 

Cost of net revenue for our chemical products
segment for the fiscal year 2022 and 2021 was 0. 

Natural gas segment 

Cost of net revenue for our natural gas segment
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 414 and 0. 

34 

Gross Profit. Gross profit was 37,425,334,
or 57 , of net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 27,898,214, or 51 , of net revenue for the same period in 2021. 

Gross Profit (Loss) by Segment 
 Point Change 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 
 of Gross 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Profit Margin 
 
 Segment 
 
 Gross Profit (loss) Margin 
 
 Gross Profit (loss) Margin 

Bromine 
 33,877,770 
 58 
 26,023,048 
 53 
 5 
 
 Crude Salt 
 3,414,985 
 49 
 1,796,218 
 30 
 19 
 
 Chemical Products 

Natural Gas 

Equipment Lease 
 132,579 
 100 
 78,948 
 100 
 0 
 
 Total Gross Profit 
 37,425,334 
 57 
 27,898,214 
 51 
 6 

Bromine segment 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, the gross
profit margin for our bromine segment was 58 , representing a 5 increase. This increase was primarily attributable to the higher average
selling price of bromine of 7.543 per ton in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 6,623 per ton in the year ended December 31,
2021. Offset by changes in accounting related to our new Salt subsidiary created in April 2022. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, the gross
profit margin for our bromine segment was 53 . 

Crude salt segment 

 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the gross
profit margin for our crude salt segment was 49 , compared to 30 in the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a 19 increase. This
increase was primarily attributable to the higher average selling price of crude salt of 38 per ton in the year ended December 31, 2022
compared to 34 per ton in the year ended December 31, 2021 as well as to the changes in accounting related to our new crude salt subsidiary. 

Direct labor and factory overheads incurred
during plant shutdown. On September 1, 2017, the Company received notification from the government of Yangkou County, Shouguang
City of PRC stating that production at all its bromine and crude salt and chemical factories should be halted with immediate effect in
order for the Company to perform rectification and improvement in accordance with the county s new safety and environmental protection
requirements. On November 24, 2017, the Company received a letter from the Government of Yangkou County, Shouguang City notifying the
Company to relocate its two chemical production plants located in the second living area of the Qinghe Oil Extraction Plant to Bohai
Park. As such, direct labor and factory overhead costs (including depreciation of plant and machinery) amounted 12,002,629 and 10,718,605
for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, which were presented as operating expenses instead of in cost of revenue. The increase in direct
labor and factory overhead costs was primarily attributable to the factories operation status during the fiscal year 2022 and year 2021,
respectively. These four factories (including No.1,No.4,No.7,No.8 and No.9)were in production during the year 2022. 

General and Administrative Expenses. General
and administrative expenses were 6,028,079 for the year ended December 31, 2022, representing a decrease of 3,497,156 (or 37 as compared
to 9,525,235 for the same period in 2021, the major reason for this was due to the cost of approximately 3.1 million for stock grants
in the second quarter of year 2021 offset by a stock grant of approximately 668,000 in 2022. 

35 

Profit from Operations. Operating
profits were 16,481,696 for the fiscal year 2022, compared to a loss of 5,210,870 in the same period in 2021. 

Income (loss) from Operations by Segment 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Segment: 
 
 of total 
 
 of total 
 
 Bromine 
 17,905,181 
 99 
 13,364,649 
 140 
 
 Crude Salt 
 2,301,885 
 13 
 (1,078,320 
 (11 
 
 Chemical Products 
 (1,953,230 
 (11 
 (2,550,561 
 (27 
 
 Natural Gas 
 (148,099 
 (1 
 (167,139 
 (2 
 
 Profit (Loss) from operations before corporate costs 
 18,105,737 
 100 
 9,568,629 
 100 
 
 Corporate costs 
 (1,060,405 
 
 (3,575,099 

Unrealized gain (loss) on translation of intercompany balance 
 (563,636 
 
 (782,660 

Profit (loss) from operations before taxes 
 16,481,696 
 
 5,210,870 

Bromine segment 

Income from operations from our bromine segment
was 17,905,181 for the fiscal year 2022, compared to an income of 13,364,649 in the same period in 2021. The increase in income was
primarily due to a 14 increase in average selling price partially offset by additional cost allocations from the new divisional structure. 

Crude salt segment 

 Income from operations from our crude salt segment
was 2,301,885 for fiscal year 2022, compared to a loss of 1,078,320 in the same period in 2021. The improved income was due to a higher
price for crude salt and lower cost allocations from the new divisional structure. 

Chemical products segment 

Loss from operations from our chemical products
segment was 1,953,230 for the fiscal year 2022, compared to a loss of 2,550,561 in the same period in 2021. 

Natural gas segment 

Loss from operations from our natural gas segment
was 148,099 for the fiscal year 2022, compared to a loss of 167,139 in the same period in 2021. 

Other Income, Net . Other income,
net, which represent bank interest income, net of finance lease interest expense was 164,739 for the fiscal year 2022, an increase of
 2,109 (or approximately 1 as compared to the same period in 2021. 

Net Income (loss). Net income was
 10,059,450 for the fiscal year 2022, compared to net loss of 924,718 in the same period in 2021. 

Net Income Per Share 

 For the fiscal year 2022, net income per share
was 1.00 compared to an income of 0.09 in the same period in 2021. There were 10,431,924 shares outstanding compared to 10,471,924 shares. 

Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment 

For the fiscal year 2022, the Company had a negative
foreign currency translation adjustment of 24,886,118 versus a positive adjustment of 7,405,582 in the previous year. This adjustment
impacts all balance sheet translations into U.S. dollars. 

36 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

As of December 31, 2022, cash and cash equivalents
were 108,226,214 as compared to 95,767,263 as of December 31, 2021. The components of this increase of 12,458,951 are reflected
below. 

Statement of Cash Flows 

Years Ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 51,149,065 
 23,311,169 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (37,560,932 
 (30,093,140 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 (264,863 
 (290,597 
 
 Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 (864,319 
 8,617,293 
 
 Net increase in cash and cash equipment 
 12,458,951 
 1,544,725 

For the fiscal years 2022 and 2021, we met our
working capital and capital investment requirements by using cash flows from operations and cash on hand. 

Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 

 During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash
flow provided by operating activities of approximately 51.1 million was mainly due to a net income of 10.06 million, a decrease in accounts
receivable of 8.2 million, a decrease in accounts payable of 0.8 million, an decrease in deferred taxes of 6.59 million, and a non-cash
adjustment related to depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment of 26.78 million, offset by increases in operating
leases, and prepayments. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, cash
flows provided by operating activities of approximately 23.3 million was mainly due to non-cash adjustments related to depreciation and
amortization of property, plant and equipment of 21 million, unrealized translation loss of 0.8 million and stock-based compensation
expense of 3.1 million reduced by net loss of 6.1 million. 

Accounts receivable 

Cash collections on our accounts receivable had
a major impact on our overall liquidity. The following table presents the aging analysis of our accounts receivable as of December 31,
2022 and 2021. 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

of total 
 
 of total 
 
 Aged 1-30 days 
 2,792,156 
 52 
 4,097,207 
 28 
 
 Aged 31-60 days 
 2,571,010 
 48 
 5,164,840 
 36 
 
 Aged 61-90 days 

5,263,760 
 36 
 
 Aged 91-120 days 

Aged 121-150 days 

Aged 151-180 days 

Aged 181-210 days 

Aged 211-240 days 

Total 
 5,363,166 
 100 
 14,525,807 
 100 

The overall accounts receivable balance as of
December 31, 2022 decreased by 9,162,641, as compared to those of December 31, 2021. We have policies in place to ensure that sales are
made to customers with an appropriate credit history. We perform ongoing credit evaluation on the financial condition of our customers. 

37 

Inventory 

Our inventory consists of the following: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

of total 
 
 of total 
 
 Raw materials 
 26,192 
 2 
 42,553 
 6 
 
 Finished goods 
 1,572,380 
 98 
 648,558 
 94 
 
 Total 
 1,598,572 
 100 
 691,111 
 100 

The net inventory level as of December 31, 2022
increased by 907,461, as compared to the net inventory level as of December 31, 2021. 

Raw materials decreased by 16,361 as of December
31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021. 

Finished goods increased by 923,822 as of December
31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021. 

Net Cash Used In Investing Activities 

 For the fiscal year 2022, we used approximately
 37.6 million for investing activities. 

For the fiscal year 2021, we used approximately
 30 million for investing activities. 

Net Cash Used In Financing Activities 

For the fiscal year 2022 and 2021, we used 0.3
million to repay finance lease obligations. 

We believe that our available funds and cash flows
generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our anticipated ongoing operating needs for the next twelve months. 

We had available cash of approximately 108 million
at December 31, 2022, all of which is in highly liquid current deposits which earn no or little interest. We do not anticipate paying
cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We intend to continue to focus our efforts on
the activities of SCHC, SYCI, SHSI and DCHC as these segments continue to expand within the Chinese market. 

We may not be able to identify, successfully integrate
or profitably manage any businesses or business segment we may acquire, or any expansion of our business. An expansion may involve a number
of risks, including possible adverse effects on our operating results, diversion of management s attention, inability to retain
key personnel, risks associated with unanticipated events and the financial statement effect of potential impairment of acquired intangible
assets, any of which could have a materially adverse effect on our condition and results of operations. In addition, if competition
for acquisition candidates or operations were to increase, the cost of acquiring businesses could increase materially. We may effect an
acquisition with a target business which may be financially unstable, under-managed, or in its early stages of development or growth.
Our inability to implement and manage our expansion strategy successfully may have a material adverse effect on our business and future
prospects. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 

We have no significant contractual obligations
not fully recorded on our consolidated balance sheets or fully disclosed in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. Additional
information regarding our contractual obligations and commitments at December 31, 2022 is provided in the notes to our consolidated financial
statements. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 19 - Capital Commitment and Other Service Contractual Obligations. 

38 

Material Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not currently have any off-balance sheet
arrangements falling within the definition of Item 303(a) of Regulation S-K. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP), which requires us to make judgments,
estimates and assumptions. See Note 1 Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which is included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, which
describes our significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements. The methods,
estimates and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies require us to make difficult and subjective judgments, often as
a result of the need to make estimates regarding matters that are inherently uncertain. 

Our most critical estimates include: 

allowance for doubtful accounts, which impacts revenue; 

the valuation of inventory, which impacts gross margins; 

impairment of long-lived assets; 

the valuation and recognition of share-based compensation, which impacts operating expenses; and 

the recognition and measurement of deferred income taxes, which impact our provision for taxes. 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

We make estimates of the uncollectibility of accounts
receivable, especially analyzing accounts receivable and historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit-worthiness, current
economic trends and changes in customer payment terms, when evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts. Credit evaluations
are undertaken for all major sale transactions before shipment is authorized. On a quarterly basis, we evaluate aged items in the accounts
receivable aging report and provide an allowance in an amount we deem adequate for doubtful accounts. If management were to make different
judgments or utilize different estimates, material differences in the amount of our reported operating expenses could result. 

Inventory Valuation 

Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market,
with cost determined on a first-in first-out basis. The carrying value of inventory is reduced for estimated obsolescence by the difference
between its cost and the estimated market value based upon assumptions about future demand. We evaluate the inventory carrying value for
potential excess and obsolete inventory exposures by analyzing historical and anticipated demand. If actual future demand or market conditions
are less favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory write-downs may be required in the future, which could have
a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Depreciation of Property, Plant and Equipment 

Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost
less accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses. Expenditures for new facilities or equipment, and major expenditures for betterment
of existing facilities or equipment are capitalized and depreciated using the straight-line method at rates sufficient to depreciate such
costs over the estimated productive lives. All other ordinary repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Mineral rights are
recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses. Mineral rights are amortized ratably over the term of the lease,
or the equivalent term under the units of production method, whichever is shorter. In some situations, the life of the asset may be extended
or shortened if circumstances arise that would lead us to believe that the estimated life of the asset has changed. The life of leasehold
improvements may change based on the extension of lease contracts with our landlords. Changes in the estimated lives of assets will result
in an increase or decrease in the amount of depreciation recognized in future periods. 

39 

Impairment of Long Lived Assets 

We periodically evaluate whether events or circumstances
have occurred that indicate long-lived assets may not be recoverable or that the remaining useful life may warrant revision. When such
events or circumstances are present, we assess the recoverability of long-lived assets by determining whether the carrying value will
be recovered through the expected undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the asset. In the event the sum of the expected
undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying value of the asset, an impairment loss equal to the excess of the asset s
carrying value over its fair value is recorded. 

Valuation Allowance on Deferred Tax Assets 

We evaluate our deferred income tax assets to
determine if valuation allowances are required or should be adjusted. A valuation allowance is established against our deferred tax assets
based on consideration of all available evidence, both positive and negative, using a more likely than not standard. This
assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of recent losses, forecasts of future profitability, the
duration of statutory carry forward periods, our experience with expiring unused tax attributes and tax planning alternatives. In making
such judgments, significant weight is given to evidence that can be objectively verified. 

Stock-based compensation 

We account for stock-based compensation in accordance
with the fair value recognition provisions of U.S. GAAP. We use the Black-Scholes model which requires the input of highly subjective
assumptions. These assumptions include estimating the length of time employees will retain their vested stock options before exercising
them, the estimated volatility of our common stock price over the expected term and the number of options that will ultimately not complete
their vesting requirements. The assumptions for expected volatility and expected term are the two assumptions that significantly affect
the grant date fair value. Changes in expected risk-free rate of return do not significantly impact the calculation of fair value, and
determining this input is not highly subjective. 

We use annualized historical stock price volatility
which is deemed to be appropriate to serve as the expected volatility of our stock price and is assumed to be constant and prevailing.
The expected term represents the weighted-average period that our stock options are expected to be outstanding. The expected life is based
on historical option exercise pattern. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 1 Nature of Business and
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data for a full description of recent accounting pronouncements including the respective expected dates of adoption and
effects on the consolidated financial statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk. 

Pursuant to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K 
229.305(e)), the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item as it is a smaller reporting company, 
as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1). 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The financial statements and supplementary data
required by this item are included in a separate section of this Report. See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
on Page F-1. 

40 

GULF RESOURCES, INC. 
AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

C O N T E N T S 

PAGE 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID #1171) 
 F-2 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 F-4 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 F-5 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 F-6 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 F7 F-8 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F-9 F-28 

FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE: 

SCHEDULE I PARENT ONLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 S-1 S-3 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

Gulf Resources, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Gulf Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries (collectively the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and
the related consolidated statements of comprehensive (loss) income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years
in the two year period ended December 31, 2022, the related notes, and financial statement schedule (collectively referred to as the
 consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

We determined that the Company s property,
plant and equipment was a critical audit matter based on the principal considerations that property, plant, and equipment was very significant
proportion of the Company s total assets. The challenges with general economic and political environment present challenges in
determining that carrying value of such assets are subject to significant estimation and the use judgment. Plant and equipment may be
purchased and placed into service at varying times, and their ability to contribute to the generation of cash flows is impacted by multiple
factors, including the time for installation, demand for the Company s products, and the availability of working capital and raw
materials. The audit engagement team addressed this critical accounting matter by reviewing the Company s accounting policies,
and perform extended procedures including physical inspection, corroborated with enquiry, examination of contracts, review of global
economic conditions and the Company s own forecast for demand, review of movement of inventories and the liquidity of the Company,
vouching of a sample of purchases, and performing independent analysis that included recalculation of depreciation and impairment testing.
The engagement team s testing provided adequate evidence to support our audit opinion and to mitigate the risk of material misstatement
to an acceptable level. The accounts that are affected by this critical audit matter is property plant and equipment, and the related
depreciation that is allocated into cost of sales, and impairment expense, if any. 

Certified Public Accountants 

 PCAOB ID: 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 31, 2023 

F- 3 

GULF RESOURCES, INC. 
 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 (Expressed in U.S. dollars) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Current Assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Prepayments and deposits 

Other receivables 

Total current assets 

Non-Current Assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Finance lease right-of use assets 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Prepaid land leases, net of current portion 

Deferred tax assets, net 

Total non-current assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Taxes payable-current 

Amount due to a related Party 

Finance lease liability, current portion 

Operating lease liabilities, current portion 

Total current liabilities 

Non-Current Liabilities 

Finance lease liability, net of current portion 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Total non-current liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitment and Contingencies 

Stockholders Equity 

PREFERRED STOCK; par value; shares authorized; outstanding 

COMMON STOCK; par value; shares authorized; and shares issued; and and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Treasury stock; and shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 at cost 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings unappropriated 

Retained earnings appropriated 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

GULF RESOURCES, INC. 
 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
 COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 
 (Expressed in U.S. dollars) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

NET REVENUE 

OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSE 

Cost of revenues 

Sales and marketing expenses 

Direct labor and factory overheads 

General and administrative expenses 

Other operating expense 

Total operating income (expense) 

INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Interest expense 

Interest income 

Other (income) expenses 

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

INCOME TAX EXPENSE 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS): 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 

- Foreign currency translation adjustments 

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 

BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE 

BASIC AND DILUTED WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES: 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

GULF RESOURCES, INC. 
AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
(Expressed in U.S. dollars) 

Common stock 

Number of shares issued 
 Number of shares outstanding 
 Number of treasury stock 
 Amount 
 Treasury stock 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Retained earnings unappropriated 
 Retained earnings appropriated 
 Accumulated other comprehensive Income(loss) 
 Total 
 
 BALANCE AT JANUARY 1, 2021 

Restricted shares issued for services 

Currency translation adjustment 

Net loss for year ended December 31, 2021 

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Common stock 

Number of shares issued 
 Number of shares outstanding 
 Number of treasury stock 
 Amount 
 Treasury stock 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Retained earnings unappropriated 
 Retained earnings appropriated 
 Accumulated other comprehensive Income(loss) 
 Total 
 
 BALANCE AT JANUARY 1, 2022 

Restricted shares issued for services 

Repurchase stocks 

Currency translation adjustment 

Net loss for year ended December 31, 2022 

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

 Common Stock 

 Treasury Stock 

 Additional Paid-In Capital 

 Retained Earnings Unappropriated 

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

F- 6 

GULF RESOURCES, INC. 
 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 (Expressed in U.S. dollars) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Amortization on capital lease 

Depreciation and amortization 

Unrealized translation difference 

Deferred tax asset 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Shares issued from treasury stock for services 

Changes in assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepayment and deposits 

Other receivables 

Accounts and Other payable and accrued expenses 

Amount due to a related Party 

Taxes payable 

Prepaid land leases 

Operating lease 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of property, plant and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Repayment of finance lease obligation 

Net cash used in financing activities 

EFFECTS OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - END OF YEAR 

F- 7 

GULF RESOURCES, INC. 
 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) 
 
 (Expressed in U.S. dollars) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Paid for taxes 

Interest on finance lease obligation 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

GULF RESOURCES, INC. 
AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 
(Expressed in U.S. dollars) 

NOTE 1 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Continued 

(ii) Chemical Segment 

On November 24, 2017, the Company received a letter
from the Government of Yangkou County, Shouguang City notifying the Company to relocate its two chemical production plants located in
the second living area of the Qinghe Oil Extraction to the Bohai Marine Fine Chemical Industrial Park Bohai Park ).
This is because the two plants are located in a residential area and their production activities will impact the living environment of
the residents. This is as a result of the country s effort to improve the development of the chemical industry, manage safe production
and curb environmental pollution accidents effectively, and ensure the quality of the living environment of residents. All chemical enterprises
which do not comply with the requirements of the safety and environmental protection regulations will be ordered to shut down. 

In December 2017, the Company secured from the
government the land use rights for its chemical plants located at the Bohai Park and in June 2018, the Company presented a completed construction
design draft and other related documents to the local authorities for approval. In January 2020, the Company received the environmental
protection approval by the government of Shouguang City, Shandong Province for the proposed Yuxin Chemical factory. The Company began
the construction on its new chemical facilities located at Bohai Marine Fine Chemical Industrial Park in June 2020 and basically completed
the civil works by the end of June 2021. On November 15, 2021, the Company announced that due to the supply chain issues as well as the
electric restrictions in China, the delivery of some equipment, the equipment installation and testing and beginning trial production
at the chemical factory had been delayed. On February 22, 2022, the Company announced that discussions with the government have convinced
management that the electricity restrictions are being eased. Accordingly, the Company has contacted its suppliers and will have the remainder
of the equipment produced and delivered, so the Company can complete installation and begin testing and trial production. 

The COVID restrictions and resulting national
and international supply chain issues as well as permitting issues have caused delays in receiving some previously ordered machinery and
equipment. The Company is working with its existing suppliers and may identify new suppliers so that it can complete construction of its
factory based on accelerated delivery. Currently, the Company cannot estimate when construction will be completed and production can begin. 

The Company believes this relocation process will
cost approximately million in total. The Company incurred relocation costs comprising prepaid land lease, professional fees related
to the design of the new chemical factory, and progress payments and deposits for the construction of the new factory building in the
amount of and , which were recorded in the prepaid land leases, prepayments and deposits and property, plant and
equipment in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

(iii) Natural Gas Segment 

In January 2017, the Company completed the first
brine water and natural gas well field construction in Daying located in Sichuan Province, China, and commenced trial production in January
2019. On May 29, 2019, the Company received a verbal notice from the government of Tianbao Town, Daying County, Sichuan Province, whereby
the Company is required to obtain project approval for its well located in Daying, including the whole natural gas and brine water project,
and approvals for safety production inspection, environmental protection assessment, and to solve the related land issue. Until these
approvals have been received, the Company has to temporarily halt trial production at its natural gas well in Daying. In compliance with
the Chinese government new policies, the Company is also required to obtain an exploration license and a mining license for bromine and
natural gas, respectively. Pursuant to the Opinions of the Ministry of Natural Resources on Several Issues in Promoting the Reform of
Mineral Resources Management (Trial) promulgated by the Ministry of Natural Resources of PRC on January 9, 2020, which came into effect
on May 1, 2020, privately owned enterprises are allowed to participate in the natural gas production. The Company plans to proceed with
its applications for the natural gas and brine project approvals with related government departments until the governmental planning has
been finalized. 

NOTE 1 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Continued 

and with these institutions as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has not experienced any
losses in such accounts in the PRC. 

Concentrations of credit risk with respect to
accounts receivable exists as the Company sells a substantial portion of its products to a limited number of customers. However, such
concentrations of credit risks are limited since the Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers financial condition
and extends credit terms as and when appropriate. 

NOTE 1 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Continued 

- 

Plant and machinery (including protective shells, transmission channels and ducts) 

- 

Motor vehicles
 Motor Vehicles 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

- 

Producing oil and gas properties are depreciated
on a unit-of-production basis over the proved developed reserves. Common facilities that are built specifically to service production
directly attributed to designated oil and gas properties are depreciated based on the proved developed reserves of the respective oil
and gas properties on a pro-rata basis. Common facilities that are not built specifically to service identified oil and gas properties
are depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives. Costs associated with significant development projects
are not depreciated until commercial production commences and the reserves related to those costs are excluded from the calculation of
depreciation. 

NOTE 1 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Continued 

Currently, there are no reclamation or abandonment
obligations associated with the land being utilized for exploitation by the bromine and crude salt factories. Also, for the two chemical
plants that are to be relocated, currently, there are no obligations to restore the land to its original condition. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

NOTE 1 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Continued 

and shares for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. These awards could be dilutive in the future if the market price of the common stock increases and is greater than the exercise
price of these awards. 

NOTE 1 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Continued 

As such, the Company uses the current rate
method to translate its PRC operations from RMB into USD, as required under FASB ASC 830 Foreign Currency Matters .
The assets and liabilities of its PRC operations are translated into USD using the rate of exchange prevailing at the balance sheet date.
The capital accounts are translated at the historical rate. Adjustments resulting from the translation of the balance sheets of the Company s
PRC subsidiaries are recorded in stockholders equity as part of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). The statement of
comprehensive income (loss) is translated at average rate during the reporting period. Gains or losses resulting from transactions in
currencies other than the functional currencies are recognized in net loss for the reporting periods as part of general and administrative
expense. The statement of cash flows is translated at average rate during the reporting period, with the exception of the consideration
paid for the acquisition of business which is translated at historical rates. 

NOTE 1 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Continued 

For oil and gas properties, the successful efforts
method of accounting is adopted. The Company carries exploratory well costs as an asset when the well has found a sufficient quantity
of reserves to justify its completion as a producing well and where the Company is making sufficient progress assessing the reserves and
the economic and operating viability of the project. Exploratory well costs not meeting these criteria are charged to expenses. Exploratory
wells that discover potentially economic reserves in areas where major capital expenditure will be required before production would begin
and when the major capital expenditure depends upon the successful completion of further exploratory work remain capitalized and are reviewed
periodically for impairment. 

Allowance for doubtful debt 

Accounts receivable, net 

The overall accounts receivable balance as of December
31, 2022 decreased by , as compared to those of December 31, 2021. We have policies in place to ensure that sales
are made to customers with an appropriate credit history. We perform ongoing credit evaluation on the financial condition of our customers. 

Finished goods 

Less: impairment 

Inventory, net 

The Company recorded impairment charges for slow moving
inventory in the amounts of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

for a 50-year lease of a parcel of land at Bohai Marine Fine Chemical Industrial Park Bohai for the new chemical factory to be built. The amount paid was recorded as prepaid land leases, net of current portion in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the prepaid land lease increased to due to an additional amount paid for stamp duty
and related land use rights fees. Amortization of this prepaid land lease will commence when the chemical factory is built and placed
in service. 

Buildings 

Plant and machinery 

Motor vehicles 

Furniture, fixtures and office equipment 

Construction in process 

Total 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Impairment 

Net book value 

The Company has certain buildings and salt pans
erected on parcels of land located in Shouguang, PRC, and such parcels of land are collectively owned by local townships or the government
authority. The Company has not been able to obtain property ownership certificates over these buildings and salt pans. The aggregate carrying
values of these properties situated on parcels of the land are and as at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
respectively. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, depreciation
and amortization expense totaled of which , and were recorded in direct labor and factory
overheads incurred during plant shutdown, administrative expenses and cost of net revenue respectively. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, depreciation
and amortization expense totaled of which , and were recorded in direct labor and factory overheads
incurred during plant shutdown, administrative expenses and cost of net revenue respectively. 

Plant and machinery Plant and Machinery 

Total 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Net book value 

The above buildings erected on parcels of land
located in Shouguang, PRC, are collectively owned by local townships. The Company has not been able to obtain property ownership
certificates over these buildings as the Company could not obtain land use rights certificates on the underlying parcels of land. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, depreciation
and amortization expense totaled , respectively, which was recorded in direct labor and factory overheads incurred during plant
shutdown. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, depreciation
and amortization expense totaled , respectively, which was recorded in direct labor and factory overheads incurred during plant
shutdown. 

. 

The total operating lease cost for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and . 

The Company has the rights to use certain parcels
of land located in Shouguang, the PRC, through lease agreements signed with local townships or the government authority (See Note 3).
For parcels of land that are collectively owned by local townships, the Company cannot obtain land use rights certificates. The parcels
of land of which the Company cannot obtain land use rights certificates covers a total of approximately square kilometers with an
aggregate operating lease right-of-use assets amount of as at December 31, 2022. 

Salary payable 

Social security insurance contribution payable 

Other payable-related party (see Note 8) 

Deposit on subscription of a subsidiary s share 

Accrued expense for construction 

Accrued expense-others 

Total 

million in cash, of which Mr. Ming Yang, the Chairman of the Company, had a equity interest in the
Seller that time. During the first quarter of 2018, the Company entered into an agreement with the Seller, a related party, to provide
property management services for an annual amount of approximately for . The
expense associated with this agreement for the year ended December 31, 2022 was . The expense associated with this agreement for
the year ended December 31, 2021 was . 

NOTE 9 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
Continued 

a) 
 Related parties 

Name of related parties 
 Position 
 
 YangMing 
 Chairman Of the Board 
 
 LiuXiaoBin 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 LiMin 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 MiaoNaiHui 
 Chief Operating Officer 

b) 

LiuXiaoBin 

LiMin 

MiaoNaiHui 

Total 

Considering that the Company has not performed
well in recent years, the Company and its executive officers mutually agreed and returned all or a portion of their cash compensation
earned for their services with the Company in year 2021, which may be considering pay back later when business improves. 

The Company repurchased 
shares respectively, valued from each of CEO Xiaobin Liu, COO Naihui Miao, and CFO Min Li in a privately negotiated transaction
based on the closing price of the stock of 
per share on Wednesday, November 30, 2022. 

Value added tax and other taxes payable 

Taxes payable 

Less: Current portion 

Finance lease liability, net of current portion 

Interest expenses from capital lease obligations
amounted to and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which were charged to the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income (loss). 

Less: Current portion 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

The weighted average remaining operating lease
term at December 31, 2022 was years and the weighted average discounts rate was , This discount rates used are based on the
base rate quoted by the People s Bank of China and vary with the remaining term of the lease. Lease payments for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were and . 

the next 13 to 24 months 

the next 25 to 36 months 

the next 37 to 48 months 

the next 49 to 60 months 

thereafter 

Total 

Less: Amount representing interest 

() 

() 
 
 Present value of net minimum lease payments 

restricted shares of common stock to a consultant, the company's directors, officers and an employee.
The restricted shares award were granted under the 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (See Note 13) and vested immediately. The fair value
of the award on the date of grant was which was expensed in full during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Retained Earnings - Appropriated 

In accordance with the relevant PRC regulations
and the PRC subsidiaries Articles of Association, the Company s PRC subsidiaries are required to allocate its profit after
tax to the following reserve: 

Statutory Common Reserve Funds 

SCHC, SYCI, SHSI and DCHC are required each year
to transfer at least 10 of the profit after tax as reported under the PRC statutory financial statements to the Statutory Common Reserve
Funds until the balance reaches 50 of the registered share capital. This reserve can be used to make up any loss incurred
or to increase share capital. Except for the reduction of losses incurred, any other application should not result in this
reserve balance falling below 25 of the registered capital. 

and ,
respectively. 

shares of our common stock, inclusive of the awards that were previously issued and outstanding under the Company s 2007 Equity
Incentive Plan, as amended (the 2007 Plan ). Upon adoption and approval of the 2019 Plan, the 2007 Plan was frozen, no new
awards will be granted under the 2007 Plan, and outstanding awards under the 2007 Plan will continue to be governed by the terms and condition
of the 2007 Plan and applicable award agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the number of shares of the Company s common stock available
for grant of stock options and issuance under the 2019 Plan is shares. 

The fair value of each option award is estimated
on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The risk free rate is based on the yield-to-maturity in continuous
compounding of the US Government Bonds with the time-to-maturity similar to the expected tenor of the option granted, volatility is based
on the annualized historical stock price volatility of the Company, and the expected life is based on the historical option exercise pattern. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
total compensation costs for options issued recorded in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss) were and . There
were no related tax benefits as a full valuation allowance was recorded in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

NOTE 14 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 
Continued 

Exercised 

Expired 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

All options exercisable and outstanding at December
31, 2022 are fully vested. As of December 31, 2022, there was no unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding stock options, 

The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding
and exercisable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and . 

. No provision for the US federal income taxes has been made as the Company had no US taxable
income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and management believes that its earnings are permanently invested in the PRC. 

(b) 
 British Virgin Islands BVI 

Upper Class Group Limited, a subsidiary of Gulf
Resources, Inc., was incorporated in the BVI and, under the current laws of the BVI, it is not subject to tax on income or capital gain
in the BVI. Upper Class Group Limited did not generate assessable profit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

(c) 
 Hong Kong 

Hong Kong 
 HKJI, a subsidiary of Upper Class Group Limited, was
incorporated in Hong Kong and is subject to Hong Kong taxation on its activities conducted in Hong Kong and income arising in or derived
from Hong Kong. No provision for income tax has been made as it has no taxable income for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021. The applicable statutory tax rates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are . There is no dividend
withholding tax in Hong Kong. 

(d) 
 PRC 

PRC 
 Enterprise income tax EIT for SCHC, SYCI, SHSI and
DCHC in the PRC is charged at of the assessable profits. 

The operating subsidiaries SCHC is a wholly foreign-owned enterprises FIE ), SYCI, DCHC, and SHSI are incorporated in the PRC and are subject to PRC Local Income Tax Law. The PRC tax losses
may be carried forward to be utilized against future taxable profit for ten years for High-tech enterprises and small and medium-sized
enterprises of science and technology and for five years for other companies. Tax losses of the operating subsidiaries of the Company
may be carried forward for five years. 

On February 22, 2008, the Ministry of Finance MOF and the State Administration of Taxation SAT jointly issued CaiShui [2008] Circular 1 Circular
1 ). According to Article 4 of Circular 1, distributions of accumulated profits earned by a FIE prior to January 1, 2008 to foreign
investor(s) in 2008 will be exempted from withholding tax WHT while distribution of the profit earned by an FIE after
January 1, 2008 to its foreign investor(s) shall be subject to WHT at 5 effective tax rate. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the accumulated
distributable earnings under the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP of PRC that are subject to WHT are 
and , respectively. Since the Company intends to reinvest its earnings to further expand its businesses in mainland China,
its foreign invested enterprises do not intend to declare dividends to their immediate foreign holding companies in the foreseeable future.
Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company has not recorded any WHT on the cumulative amount of distributable
retained earnings of its foreign invested enterprises that are subject to WHT in China. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
the unrecognized WHT are and , respectively. 

The Company s income tax returns are subject
to the various tax authorities examination. The federal, state and local authorities of the United States may examine the Company s
income tax returns filed in the United States for three years from the date of filing. The Company s US income tax returns since
2017 are currently subject to examination. 

Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong IRD may examine the Company s income tax returns filed in Hong Kong for seven years from date of filing. For the years 2012 through
2018, HKJI did not report any taxable income. It did not file any income tax returns during these years except for 2014 and 2018. For
companies which do not have taxable income, IRD typically issues notification to companies requiring them to file income tax returns once
in every four years. The tax returns for 2014 and 2018 are currently subject to examination. 

Deferred taxes PRC entities 

Deferred taxes US entity 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income Tax (Expense) Benefit 

Deferred tax assets: 

Allowance for obsolete and slow-moving inventories 

Impairment on property, plant and equipment 

Impairment on prepaid land lease 

Exploration costs 

Compensation costs of unexercised stock options 

PRC tax losses 

US federal net operating loss 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

The increase in valuation allowance for the year
ended December 31, 2022 is . 

The increase in valuation allowance for the year
ended December 31, 2021 is . 

There were no unrecognized tax benefits and accrual
for uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

There were no amounts accrued for penalties and
interest for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

There were no change in unrecognized tax benefits
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Net revenue 
(intersegment) 

Loss from operations before income tax expense 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

() 

() 

() 

) 

Loss from operations after 
income tax (expense) benefit 

() 

() 

() 

Total assets 

Depreciation and amortization 

Capital expenditures 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Bromine 

Crude 
 Salt 

Chemical 
 Products 
 
 Natural Gas 

Segment 
 Total 
 
 Corporate 
 
 Total 
 
 Net revenue 
(external customers) 

Net revenue 
(intersegment) 

Loss from operations before income tax expense 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Loss from operations after 
income tax (expense) benefit 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Total assets 

Depreciation and amortization 

Capital expenditures 

Certain common production overheads, operating and administrative
expenses and asset items (mainly cash and certain office equipment) of bromine and crude salt segments in SCHC were split by reference
to the average selling price and production volume of the respective segment. 

Corporate costs 

Unrealized gain (loss) on translation of intercompany balance 

Profit (loss) from operations 

Other income, net of expense 

Loss before taxes 

2 

Shandong Brother Technology Limited 

3 

Shouguang Weidong Chemical Company Limited 

The following table shows the major customers
(10 or more) for the year ended December 31, 2021 

Number 
 
 Customer 

Bromine 
 (000 s) 

Crude Salt 
 (000 s) 

Chemical Products 
 (000 s) 

Total 
 Revenue 
 (000 s) 

Percentage of 
 Total 
 Revenue ) 

1 

Shandong Morui Chemical Company Limited 

2 

Shandong Brother Technology Limited 

3 

Shouguang Weidong Chemical Company Limited 

of its products to its top
five customers, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, amounts due from these customers were . 

The Company sells a substantial portion of its
products to a limited number of customers. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold of its products to its top
five customers, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, amounts due from these customers were . 

of its raw materials from its top five suppliers. As of December 31, 2022, amounts due to those suppliers were
 . 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
purchased of its raw materials from its top five suppliers. As of December 31, 2021, amounts due to those suppliers were
 . 

the next 13 to 24 months 

the next 25 to 36 months 

the next 37 to 48 months 

the next 49 to 60 months 

Total 

In the last twenty years, to the Company s
knowledge, there were no government regulations requiring bromine manufacturers to obtain land use and planning approval document. As
such, the Company believes most of the bromine manufacturers in Shouguang City do not have land use and planning approval documents and
lease their land parcels from the village associations. They are facing the same issues in connection with land use and planning as the
Company. To the Company s knowledge, the local government has submitted its plan to solve the issues to higher authority and are
waiting for approval from the higher authority. 

The Company is in the process of resolving the
issues in connection with SCHC s land use and planning diligently. The Company has been in discussions closely with the local government
authorities with the help from Shouguang City Bromine Association to seek reliefs and, based on verbal confirmation by local government
authorities, believes the administrative penalties imposed by the Bureau according to the Written Decisions are being re-assessed by local
government authorities and may be revoked. Pursuant to a Written Application dated October 28, 2019 addressed to the Court by the Bureau,
the Bureau withdrew its application for the enforcement proceedings regarding the administrative penalty imposed on Factory No. 7, Factory
No. 8 and Factory No.10. Pursuant to a written decisions of administrative ruling captioned (2019) Lu 0783 Xing Shen No. 389 Zhi Yi, dated
November 25, 2020, the Court orders to terminate the enforcement of the case captioned (2019) Lu 0783 Xing Shen No. 389. Production of
Factory No. 7 was allowed to resume in April 2019. The Company received a notification from the Shouguang City Government in February
2019 informing the Company that Factory No. 1, No.4, No. 7 and No. 9 have passed inspection and were approved to resume operation 

In addition, on August 28, 2019, the People s
Government of Shandong Province, issued a regulation titled Investment Project Management Requirements of Chemical Companies in
Shandong Province permitting the construction of facilities on existing sites or infrastructure of bromine manufacturing and other
chemical industry-related types of projects (clause 11 of section 3). The Company believes that the goal of the government is to standardize
and regulate the industry and not to demolish the facilities or penalize the manufacturers. As of the date of this report, the Company
has not been notified by the local government that it will take any measure to enforce the administrative penalties. Based on information
known to date, the Company believes that it is remote that the Written Decisions or Court Rulings will be enforced within the expected
timeframe and a material penalty or costs and expenses against the Company will result. However, there can be no assurance that there
will not be any further enforcement action, the occurrence of which may result in further liabilities, penalties and operational disruption. 

In view of the above facts and circumstances,
the Company believes that it is not necessary to accrue for any estimated losses or impairment as of December 31, 2021. 

GULF RESOURCES, INC. 

 AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 (Expressed in U.S. dollars) 

Total Current Assets 

Non-Current Assets 

Interests in subsidiaries 

Amounts due from group companies 

Total non-current assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Other payables and accrued expenses 

Amounts due to related Party 

Amounts due to group companies 

Total Current Liability 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders Equity 

PREFERRED STOCK; par value; shares authorized; outstanding 

COMMON STOCK; par value; shares authorized; and shares issued; and and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Treasury stock; and shares as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 at cost 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings unappropriated 

Retained earnings appropriated 

Cumulative translation adjustment 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Loss 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

OTHER EXPENSES 

Interest expense 

TOTAL OTHER EXPENSES 

TOTAL EXPENSES 

Equity in net Loss of subsidiaries 

LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

INCOME TAXES 

NET LOSS 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows 

Adjustments to reconcile net Loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Equity Loss in unconsolidated subsidiaries 

Stock-based compensation expense-options 

Shares issued from treasury stock for services 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Other payables and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Advances from group companies 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - END OF YEAR 

(i) 
 Basis of presentation 

In the condensed parent-company-only
financial statements, the Company s investment in subsidiaries is stated at cost plus equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries
since the date of acquisition. The Company s share of net loss of its subsidiaries is included in condensed statements of comprehensive
loss using the equity method. These condensed parent-company-only financial statements should be read in connection with the consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company
itself has no purchase commitment, capital commitment and operating lease commitment. 

(ii) 
 Restricted Net Assets 

Schedule I of Rule 5-04 of Regulation
S-X requires the condensed financial information of registrant shall be filed when the restricted net assets of consolidated subsidiaries
exceed 25 percent of consolidated net assets as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal year. For purposes of the above test,
restricted net assets of consolidated subsidiaries shall mean that amount of the registrant s proportionate share of net assets
of consolidated subsidiaries (after intercompany eliminations) which as of the end of the most recent fiscal year may not be transferred
to the parent company by subsidiaries in the form of loans, advances or cash dividends without the consent of a third party (i.e., lender,
regulatory agency, foreign government, etc.). 

The condensed parent company financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with Rule 12-04, Schedule I of Regulation S-X as the restricted net assets of the subsidiaries
of Gulf Resources, Inc. exceed 25 of the consolidated net assets of Gulf Resources, Inc. The ability of the Company s Chinese operating
subsidiaries to pay dividends may be restricted due to the foreign exchange control policies and availability of cash balances of the
Chinese operating subsidiaries. Because a significant portion of the Company s operations and revenues are conducted and generated
in China, a significant portion of the revenues being earned and currency received are denominated in RMB. RMB is subject to the exchange
control regulation in China, and, as a result, the Company may be unable to distribute any dividends outside of China due to PRC exchange
control regulations that restrict the Company s ability to convert RMB into US Dollars. 

S- 3 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure. 

Previous Independent Accountants 

On June 30, 2021, the Company was notified by
Morison Cogen LLP MC that the firm resigned as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, which
resignation was effective on June 30, 2021. 

The audit reports of MC on the financial statements
of the Company as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 did not contain any adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion,
nor was it qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles. 

There were no disagreements with MC on any matter
of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedures, from the time of MC s engagement
up to the date of resignation which disagreements that, if not resolved to MC s satisfaction, would have caused MC to make reference
in connection with its opinion to the subject matter of the disagreement. None of reportable events , as that term is described
in Item 304(a)(1)(v)(A)-(D)of Regulation S-K occurred within the two fiscal years of the Company ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and
subsequently up to the date of resignation. 

The Company provided MC with a copy of this disclosure
before its filing with the SEC, providing MC with the opportunity to furnish the Company with a letter addressed to the SEC containing
any new information, clarification of the Company s expression of its views, or the respect in which MC does not agree with the
above statements. A copy of MC s letter addressed to the SEC dated July 7, 2021 has been filed as an exhibit to the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 7, 2021. 

New Independent Accountants 

On July 1, 2021, the Company engaged WWC, P.C.
Certified Public Accountants WWC to serve as its independent auditor. The decision to engage WWC as the Company s
principal independent accountant was approved by the Audit Committee of the Company on July 1, 2021. During the two fiscal years of the
Company ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, and through the date of WWC s engagement, the Company did not consult WWC regarding either:
(i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction (either completed or proposed), or the type of audit opinion that
might be rendered on the Company s financial statements; or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement 
or reportable event within the meaning set forth in Regulation S-K, Item 304 (a)(1)(iv) or (a)(1)(v). 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures ,
as such term is defined under Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms,
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls
and procedures, our management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only
reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives and in reaching a reasonable level of assurance our management necessarily
was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. We have carried out
an evaluation as required by Rule 13a-15(d) under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of
December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December
31, 2022, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

41 

The Company s management took all necessary
steps to make its disclosure controls to be more efficient by, including, not limited to, (i) more closely monitoring the application
of the Company s comprehensive disclosure policy implementing procedures to strengthen disclosure controls, (ii) enhancing the identification,
analysis and control of risks relevant to accurate and timely disclosure, and (iii) ensuring more timely transmission of information and
communication within the organization during 2022. Specifically, (i) the Company held weekly meetings with its business units heads and
investor relations officers to identify and discuss information that may require public disclosure; (ii) the Company s management
required all business units to report information that may require public disclosure to the Company s investor relations officers
immediately; (iii) the Company s management consulted with the Company s outside securities counsel to the extent they deemed
necessary; (iv) the Company s management designated the Company s investor relations officers as disclosure coordinator to
perform functions of collecting information, preparing disclosure, distributing disclosure for review and comment to business units and
obtaining comment from each reviewing person and their confirmation that the portions of such disclosure relevant to such person s
areas of responsibility were fairly and accurately presented and did not omit any material information required to be disclosed. 

(b) Management s Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f).
Internal control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer, and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

(2) 
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of our management and directors; and 

(3) 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisitions, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Internal control over financial reporting cannot
provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial
reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from
human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because
of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control
over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is
possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the company. 

42 

Management has used the framework set forth in
the report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (2013 framework), known as COSO, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Based on such evaluation
our CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal controls over financial reporting were effective. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not
subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act, which permits us to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

(c) Changes in internal controls 

Other than as described in (b) above, there were
no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during
our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The following table sets forth certain information
about our executive officers and directors as of the date of this Annual Report. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Other positions with Company; other directorships held in last five years 
 
 Has served as Company director since 
 
 Ming Yang 
 
 57 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Director 
 
 December 2006 
 
 Xiaobin Liu 
 
 55 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 2009 
 
 Naihui Miao 
 
 55 
 
 Secretary, Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
 January 2006 
 
 Yang Zou (1)(3) 
 
 52 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 March 2011 
 
 Shengwei Ma (1)(2) 
 
 55 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 December 2019 
 
 Shitong Jiang (1)(2)(3) 
 
 55 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 April 2008 
 
 Tengfei Zhang (2)(3) 
 
 56 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 June 2011 

(1) Serves as a member of the Audit Committee. 

(2) Serves as a member of the Compensation Committee. 

(3) Serves as a member of the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee. 

43 

Ming Yang , Chairman of the Board
of Director Mr. Yang has served as Chairman of Shouguang Vegetable Industry Group Holding Company since 2013. In addition,
he has served as Chairman of Shouguang City Yuxin Chemical Company Limited since July 2000. Since May 2005, Mr. Yang has served as Chairman
of Shouguang City Haoyuan Chemical Company Limited, Shouguang City He Mao Yuan Bromize Company Limited, and Shouguang City Qing River
Real Estate Construction Company. He was nominated as director of Qinghe Oil Field Office in 1993, where he managed operations.
In 1997 he was appointed Chairman and General Manager of Shouguang Qinghe Shiye LLC and during the next three years its profits doubled.
He took the position of general manager of Shouguang City Yu Xin Chemical Industry Co., Ltd. in 2000. During his stay, he focused on quality
management and technology progress, which led to a 100 percent success rate of all products. He also helped the company successfully pass
the ISO certification and become a private high-tech enterprise. In 2005 he was appointed to the position of Chairman, where he has helped
the company to become a leading producer of bromine and crude salt in China. In 2006 he became the Chairman of Gulf Resources,
Inc. Mr. Yang was awarded as Honorary Entrepreneur in Weifang City in 1998. 

Xiaobin Liu , Chief Executive Officer
and Director Mr. Liu was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and Director on March 10, 2009. Mr. Liu joined the
Company as Vice President in December 2007. He has served as the Director of Sanya Kangyangnian Health Management Co. LTD since March,
2021. He has served as Chairman of Chengdu Philosopher's Stone Culture Media Co. LTD since August 2018. He served as Chairman of China
Shouguang Vegetable Industry Group (Cayman) Inc. from 2011 to 2017. He currently serves as a director of China Shouguang Vegetable Industry
Group (Cayman) Inc. Before he joined the Company, Mr. Liu served as project manager of Shenzhen Guangshen Accounting Firm from January
2007 to November 2007; the department manager of Hainan Zhongou Accounting Firm from January 2003 to December 2006; the CFO (equivalent
of Vice President) of Dasheng Real Estate Development Company, which is the subsidiary of Saige Dasheng Co., Ltd from May 2002 to November
2002; the CFO of Shenzhen Securities Department of Hainan Saige International Trust Investment Company from May 2000 to August 2004; and
the financial manager of Hainan Wanquanyuan Hot Spring Tourism Development Co., Ltd from 1995 to 2000. During this time, he also was the
CFO of Qionghai City Guantang Hotspring Leisure Center, the CFO of Qionghai City Wanquanhe Agricultural Development Co., Ltd, the CFO
of Qionghai Wanquanhe Hotspring Tourist Development Property Management Co., Ltd, and the CFO of Qionghai Guantangyuzhuang Resort Co.,
Ltd. Prior to that, Mr. Liu worked in the financial department of Hainan Jinyuan Industrial Co., Ltd, which is a subsidiary of Chinese
Black Metal Limited Company Northwest Branch from 1992 to 1995, and the financial department of Shanxi Aircraft Manufacturing Company
from 1988 to 1992. Mr. Liu earned a master degree from the Economic and Management School at Hong Kong City University. 

44 

Naihui Miao, Secretary, Chief Operating Officer
and Director Mr. Miao has served as Vice President of Shouguang City Haoyuan Chemical Company Limited since January 2006. Since
January 2006, Mr. Miao has served as Director and,Secretary and, since July, 2009, Chief Operating officer of Gulf Resources,
Inc. and he is in charge of sales, human resource and business management. From 2005 to 2006, Mr. Miao served as Vice President
of Shouguang City Yuxin Chemical Company Limited as the deputy general manager. From 1991 to 2005, Mr. Miao served as a Manager
and then Vice President of Shouguang City Commercial Trading Center Company Limited. He was the director of Shouguang Business
Trade Center since 1986. He has served as Supervisor of Chengdu Philosopher's Stone Culture Media Co. LTD since August 2018. 

Yang Zou , Independent Director
 Mr. Zou was appointed a director on March 2, 2011. Mr. Zou served as Vice Director of Beijing Zhongtianhuamao Accounting
Firm (General Partnership) from July 1, 2017 to August 2018. He is a Certified Public Accountant of China and holds the certificate
of Certified Internal Auditor. From March 2003 to September 2009, Mr. Zou was chief financial officer of Bohua Ziguang Zhiye
Co., Ltd. From July 2001 to January 2003, Mr. Zou was the audit department manager of financial center of Beijing Hengji Weiye
Electronic Products Co., Ltd., where he was in charge of internal audit, financial budget management, and coordination with external audit.
>From July 1999 to June 2001, Mr. Zou was manager of finance and audit department of Zhonglian Online Information Development Co., Ltd.
>From September 1993 to June 1999, Mr. Zou had served as assistant auditor, auditor, and head of project audit of Hainan Zhongou Certified
Public Accountants Co., Ltd. From July 1991 to August 1993, Mr. Zou was an accountant of department of finance of Hunan Department Store
Co., Ltd. Mr. Zou graduated from Beijing University with bachelor s degree in finance. 

Shitong Jiang, Independent Director Mr.
Jiang was appointed a director on April 23, 2008. Mr. Jiang is Chief of the Shouguang City Audit Bureau, Shandong Province,
has been with the Audit bureau since 1990. During his career at the Shouguang City Audit Bureau he has held multiple positions including,
Auditing Officer and Audit Section Deputy Chief. The Shouguang City Audit Bureau is responsible for the independent audit supervision
of the affairs of the government. From 1987 to 1990 Mr. Jiang attended Shandong Financial Institution. 

Tengfei Zhang, Independent Director Mr.
Zhang was appointed a director on June 30, 2011. Mr. Zhang has served as Director of Shenzhen Kaili Industrial Co., Ltd. since January 1,
2017. Prior to this position, he was the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of Shenzhen Kaili Industrial Co., Ltd. He is a Certified
Public Accountant in China. From July 2000 to December 2004 , Mr. Zhang was Supervisor of Shenzhen Kaili Industrial Co., Ltd. and Director
of Finance of Changsha Kaili Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. From January to June 2000, he was Manager of Financial Department of Shenzhen
Kaili Industrial Co., Ltd. Mr. Zhang graduated from Economics and Management Department of Hunan Business School with a college
degree in 1989. 

Shengwei Ma , Independent Director
 Mr. Ma was appointed a director on December 18, 2019. Mr. Ma has served as Department Manager of Shouguang City Urban
Construction and Investment Group since March 2012. Mr. Ma holds a Senior Accountant Certificate. Mr. Ma graduated from Central
Broadcasting and Television University with bachelor s degree in accounting in 2004. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among our executive
officers, directors and significant employees. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To the best of our knowledge, there have been
no events under any bankruptcy act, no criminal proceedings and no judgments, injunctions, orders or decrees material to the evaluation
of the ability and integrity of any director, executive officer, promoter or control person of our Company during the past ten years. 

Board of Directors 

All directors hold office until the next annual
meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. Directors are elected at the annual meetings
to serve for one-year terms. Officers are elected by, and serve at the discretion of, the board of directors. Our board of directors shall
hold meetings on at least a quarterly basis. 

As a Nasdaq listed company, we comply with the
NASDAQ Listing Rules with respect to certain corporate governance matters. As a smaller reporting company, under the NASDAQ rules we are
required to maintain a board of directors comprised of a majority of independent directors, and an audit committee of at least three members,
comprised solely of independent directors who also meet the requirements of Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Director Independence 

The Board of Directors has determined that Yang
Zou, Shitong Jiang, Tengfei Zhang and Shengwei Ma are independent under Rule 5605(a)(2) of the NASDAQ Listing Rules. In making this determination,
our board of directors considered the relationships that each of these non-employee directors has with us and all other facts and circumstances
our board of directors deemed relevant in determining their independence. As required under applicable NASDAQ rules our independent directors
will meet on a regular basis as often as necessary to fulfill their responsibilities, including at least annually in executive session
without the presence of non-independent directors and management. In addition, under applicable rules and regulations, and as determined
by the Board, all of the members of the Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees are independent 
directors. 

45 

Board Committees 

Our board of directors has established standing
committees in connection with the discharge of its responsibilities. These committees include an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee
and a Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. Our board of directors has adopted written charters for each of these committees.
Copies of the charters are available on our website at www.gulfresourcesinc.com. Our board of directors may establish other committees
as it deems necessary or appropriate from time to time. 

Board Operations 

The positions of principal executive officer and
Chairman of the Board of Company are held by different persons. The Chairman of the Board chairs Board and stockholder meetings
and participates in preparing their agendas. The Chairman of the Board also serves as a focal point for communication between
management and the Board between Board meetings, although there is no restriction on communication between directors and management. The
Company believes that these arrangements afford the directors sufficient resources to supervise management effectively, without being
overly engaged in day-to-day operations. 

The Board plays an active role, as well as the
independent committees, in overseeing the management of the Company s risks. The Board regularly reviews reports from members of
senior management and committees on areas of material risk to the Company, including operational, financial, legal, strategic and regulatory
risks. 

Audit Committee 

The Board of Directors has standing audit, compensation,
and nominating committees, comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee has a charter, which is available at Company s
website, www.gulfresourcesinc.com. 

Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing
the results and scope of the audit, and other services provided by our independent auditors, and reviewing and evaluating our system
of internal controls. Mr. Jiang is the Audit Committee Financial Expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K promulgated under
the Securities Act, and the chair of the Audit Committee. Our Board of Directors has determined that Messrs. Jiang, Zou and Ma are independent
directors within the meaning of Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, as determined based upon the criteria for independence 
set forth in the rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market. 

Compensation Committee 

The Compensation Committee is responsible for
(a) reviewing and providing recommendations to the Board of Directors on matters relating to employee compensation and benefit plans,
and (b) assisting the Board in determining the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer and making recommendations to the Board with
respect to the compensation of the Chief Financial Officer, other executive officers of the Company and independent directors. Each of
Tengfei Zhang, Shitong Jiang and Shengwei Ma are members of the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee operates under a written
charter. Mr. Zhang is the Chairman of Compensation Committee. 

46 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

Our Board of Directors established a Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee in June 2009. The purpose of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is to assist our Board
of Directors in identifying qualified individuals to become board members, in determining the composition of the Board of Directors and
in monitoring the process to assess board effectiveness. Each of Tengfei Zhang, Shitong Jiang and Yang Zou are members of the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee operates under a written charter. Mr. Jiang is the
Chairman of Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 

Material Changes to the Procedures by which
Security Holders May Recommend Nominees to the Board 

We do not currently have a procedure by which
security holders may recommend nominees to the Board. 

Director Qualifications 

The Company seeks directors with established strong
professional reputations and experience in areas relevant to the strategy and operations of our businesses. The Company also seeks directors
who possess the qualities of integrity and candor, who have strong analytical skills and who are willing to engage management and each
other in a constructive and collaborative fashion, in addition to the ability and commitment to devote time and energy to service on the
Board and its committees. We believe that all of our directors meet the foregoing qualifications. 

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
and the Board believe that the leadership skills and other experience of the Board members, as described below, provide the Company with
a range of perspectives and judgment necessary to guide our strategies and monitor their execution. 

Ming Yang is the founder of
the company and has been in the chemical industry for more than ten years. Mr. Yang has contributed to the Board s strong leadership
and vision for the development of the Company. 

Xiaobin Liu was appointed as Chief
Executive Officer and Director on March 10, 2009. Mr. Liu has years of experience in capital markets, financial and business management,
and strategic planning and development. 

Naihui Miao has served as Vice President
of Shouguang City Haoyuan Chemical Company Limited since January 2006. Since January 2006, Mr. Miao has served as Director,
Secretary and Vice President of the Company. He is in charge of sales, human resource and business management. Mr. Miao has years of experience
in the chemical industry, business operations and management, and strategic planning and development. 

Yang Zou was appointed as a Director
on March 2, 2011. Mr. Zou has served as the Vice Director of Beijing Zhongtianhuamao Accounting Firm (General Partnership) since July 1,
2016. He is a Certified Public Accountant and holds the certificate of Certified Internal Auditor. Mr. Zou has extensive experience
in auditing and accounting related matters. 

Shitong Jiang was appointed as a Director
on April 23, 2008. Mr. Jiang is Chief of the Shouguang City Audit Bureau, Shandong Province. He has been with the audit bureau
since 1990. Mr. Jiang has many years of auditing and management experience with PRC government departments. 

Tengfei Zhang was appointed as a Director
on June 30, 2011. Mr. Zhang has served as Director of Shenzhen Kaili Industrial Co., Ltd. He is a Certified Public Accountant. Mr. Zhang
has many years of experience in management, finance, business strategy and audit related matters. 

Shengwei Ma was appointed as a Director
on December 18, 2019. Mr. Ma holds a Senior Accountant Certificate. Mr. Ma has extensive experience in financial, accounting and management
related matters with PRC government departments. 

Code of Ethics 

The Board has adopted a code of ethics applicable
to Company s directors, officers, and employees. The code of ethics is available at Company s website, www.gulfresourcesinc.com. 

47 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 requires Company s directors and executive officers and any beneficial owner of more than 10 of any class of Company equity
security to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission and furnish copies of the
reports to Company. Based solely on the Company s review of copies of such forms and written representations by the
Company s executive officers and directors received by it, the Company believes that during 2022, all such reports were filed timely. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

 Set forth below is information regarding the compensation
paid during the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 to our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, who are collectively
referred to as named executive officers elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

FISCAL YEAR 2022 COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus( 
 Stock Awards( 
 Option Awards (1) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Xiaobin Liu 
 2021 

664,000 (1) 

664,000 
 
 CEO 
 2022 

66,800 (1) 

66,800 

Min Li 
 2021 
 18,601 
 
 664,000 (1) 

682,601 
 
 CFO 
 2022 
 17,230 
 
 66,800 (1) 

84,030 

Naihui Miao 
 2021 
 18,601 
 
 664,000 (1) 

682,601 
 
 COO 
 2022 
 17,230 
 
 66,800 (1) 

84,030 

(1) Represents the dollar amount recognized for
financial statement reporting purposes in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification (FASB
ASC) 718 Compensation - Stock Compensation. 

Except as disclosed below under the caption Compensation
of Directors, we have not paid or accrued any fees to any of our executive directors for serving as a member of our Board of Directors.
We do not have any retirement, pension, profit sharing or insurance or medical reimbursement plans covering our officers and directors.
Our executive officers are reimbursed by us for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities conducted on our behalf.
There is no limit on the amount of these out-of-pocket expenses and there will be no review of the reasonableness of such expenses by
anyone other than our Board of Directors, which includes persons who may seek reimbursement, or a court of competent jurisdiction if such
reimbursement is challenged. 

48 

Grants of Plan-Based Awards 

The Company granted 100,000 shares of our Common
Stock to each of our named executive officers, under Company s 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan, during fiscal year 2022. 

FISCAL
 YEAR 2022 GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS 

Estimated
 Future Payouts 
 Under Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan Awards 
 
 Estimated
 Future Payouts 
 Under Equity Incentive 
 Plan Awards 
 
 All Other Stock Awards: Number
 of Shares of 
 
 Option Awards: Number of
 Securities 
 
 Exercise or Base Price of 
 
 Grant Date Fair
 Value of Stock 
 
 Name 
 
 Grant
 Date 
 
 Threshold 
 
 Target 
 
 Maximum 
 
 Threshold 
 
 Target 
 
 Maximum 
 
 Stocks
 or Units 
 
 Underlying
 Options 
 
 Option 
 Award( 
 
 and
 Options ) 
 
 Xiaobin
Liu, 
 CEO 
 
 Oct
 07,2022 

20,000 

66,800 

Min
Li, 
 CFO 
 
 Oct
 07,2022 

20,000 

66,800 

Naihui
Miao, 
 COO 
 
 Oct
 07,2022 

20,000 

66,800 

Narrative Discussion 

The following employment agreements were entered
into by the Company and the named executive officers: 

Xiaobin Liu 

The employment agreement for
Xiaobin Liu to serve as Chief Executive Officer of the Company was renewed on June 1, 2022 with a term of three years. Xiaobin Liu is
also a member of the Board of Directors. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Liu s service shall be compensated in the Company's shares
only under the Company s equity incentive plan. 

Min Li 

The employment agreement for
Min Li to serve as Chief Financial Officer of the Company was renewed on January 1, 2022 with a term of one year. Pursuant to the agreement,
Mr. Li shall receive annual cash compensation equal to approximately 18,500 subject to changes in the foreign exchange rate and market
conditions and be compensated in the Company s shares under the Company s equity incentive plan. 

Naihui Miao 

The employment agreement for
Naihui Miao to serve as Chief Operating Officer of the Company was renewed on June 1, 2022with a term of three years. Mr. Miao is also
a member of the Board of Directors. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Miao shall receive annual cash compensation equal to approximately
 18,500 subject to changes in the foreign exchange rate and market conditions, and be compensated in the Company s shares under
the Company s equity incentive plan. 

49 

In addition, each of our named executive officers
is entitled to participate in any and all benefit plans from time to time, in effect for employees, along with vacation, sick and holiday
pay in accordance with policies established and in effect from time to time. 

Assuming the employment of the Company s
named executive officers was to be terminated without cause or for good reason or in the event of change in control, as of December 31,
2021, the following individuals would have been entitled to payments in the amounts set forth opposite to their name in the below table: 

Name 
 Cash Payment 
 
 Xiaboin Liu 
 0 
 
 Min Li 
 0 
 
 Naihui Miao 
 0 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table sets forth, for each named
executive officer, information regarding unexercised stock options, unvested stock awards, and equity incentive plan awards outstanding
as of December 31, 2022. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT 2022 FISCAL YEAR
END 

OPTION AWARDS 
 
 STOCK AWARDS 
 
 Name 
 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options
 (#) Exercisable 
 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options
 (#) Unexercisable 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying
 Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested
 (#) 
 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not
 Vested ) 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares,
 Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value
 of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) 
 
 Xiaobin Liu, CEO 

0 
 (1) 

Min Li, CFO 

0 
 (1) 

Naihui Miao, COO 

0 
 (1) 

(1) Represents the
shares of Common Stock granted, which are subject to the Awardee s continued service with the Company, the shares of Restricted
Stock shall vest immediately, no longer be subject to restrictions and become transferable pursuant to the terms of the Plan. 

50 

Option Exercises and Stock Vested 

 The
following table sets forth aggregate information with respect to each named executive officer regarding the exercise of stock options,
stock appreciation rights, and similar instruments and the vesting of restricted stock, restricted stock units and similar instruments,
for fiscal year 2022. 

FISCAL YEAR 2022 OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED 

OPTION AWARDS 
 STOCK AWARDS 
 
 Name 
 Number of Shares Acquired on Exercise (#) 
 Value Realized on Exercise ) 
 Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting (#) 
 Value Realized on Vesting ) 
 
 Xiaobin Liu, CEO 

20,000 
 66,800 
 
 Min Li, CFO 

20,000 
 66,800 
 
 Naihui Miao, COO 

20,000 
 66,800 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

Compensation of Directors 

The following table sets forth information regarding
compensation of each director, excluding our executive directors, Xiaobin Liu and Naihui Miao, who do not receive compensation in their
capacity as executive directors, for fiscal year 2022. 

FISCAL YEAR 2022 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 
 
 Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards )(1) 
 Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Ming Yang 

Shitong Jiang 
 
 3,340 

3,340 
 
 Yang Zou 
 
 3,340 

3,340 
 
 Tengfei Zhang 
 
 3,340 

3,340 
 
 Shengwei Ma 
 
 3,340 

3,340 

(1) Represents the dollar amount recognized for
financial statement reporting purposes in accordance with FASB ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation. 

51 

Pursuant to the terms of their director agreements,
each of our independent directors, receive 1,000 shares of our restricted common stock on an annual basis. The grant of restricted common
stock is contingent upon the director s continued service with the Company. We do not pay any cash compensation to the independent
directors. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth certain information regarding beneficial
ownership of Common Stock, as of the date of this annual report, by each of Company s directors and executive officers; all executive
officers and directors as a group, and each person known to Company to own beneficially more than 5 of Company s Common Stock.
Except as otherwise noted, the persons identified have sole voting and investment powers with respect to their shares. As of
the date of this annual report, there were 10,431,924 shares of the Company s Common Stock outstanding. 

Name of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares 
 Percent of Class 
 
 Ming Yang (Chairman) 
 1,985,675 
 (2 
 19.0 
 
 Xiaobin Liu (CEO) 
 208,115 
 (3 
 2.0 
 
 Min Li (CFO) 
 208,115 
 (3 
 2.0 
 
 Naihui Miao (COO) 
 208,115 
 (3 
 2.0 
 
 Shengwei Ma (Director) 
 1,000 
 (4 

Yang Zou (Director) 
 3,000 
 (5 

Shi Tong Jiang (Director) 
 3,000 
 (6 

Tengfei Zhang (Director) 
 3,000 
 (7 

All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (eight persons) 
 2,620,020 
 
 25.1 
 
 Wenxiang Yu 
 1,015,945 
 (8 
 9.7 
 
 Shandong Haoyuan Industry Group Ltd. 
 824,947 
 (8 
 7.9 

_____________ 

 Less than 1 . 

(1) The address of each director and executive
officer is c/o Gulf Resources, Inc., Level 11, Vegetable Building, Industrial Park of the East City, Shouguang City, Shandong Province,
262700, the People s Republic of China. 

(2) Consists of 634,770 shares owned by Ming Yang,
1,015,945 shares owned by Ms. Wenxiang Yu, the wife of Mr. Yang, 334,960 shares owned by Mr. Zhi Yang, Mr. Yang s son. Mr.
Yang disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares owned by his wife and son. 

(3) Consists of 208,115 shares held by each individual. 

(4) Consists of 1,000 shares held by Mr. Ma. 

(5) Consists of 3,000 shares held by Mr. Zou. 

(6) Consists of 3,000 shares held by Mr.
Jiang. 

(7) Consists of 3,000 shares held by Mr. Zhang. 

(8) The address of the shareholder is c/o Gulf
Resources, Inc., Level 11, Vegetable Building, Industrial Park of the East City, Shouguang City, Shandong Province, 262700, the People s
Republic of China. Chen Yang serves as the General Manager, and owns 82 equity interest, of Shandong Haoyuan Industry Group Ltd. 

52 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, Director
Independence 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

Our policy is that a contract or transaction either
between the Company and a director, or between a director and another company in which he is financially interested is not necessarily
void or void-able if the relationship or related party transactions are approved or ratified by the Audit Committee. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

Audit Fees 

The aggregate fees billed to the Company by its
principal accountant for the last two fiscal years were as follows: 

Fees 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 

Audit Fees 

170,000 

222,000 

Audit Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

5,500 

9,500 

All Other Fees 

Total 

175,500 

231,500 

Audit Fees 

This category consists of fees for the audit of
our annual financial statements, review of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are
normally provided by the independent registered public accountants in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements
for those fiscal years. 

53 

Audit-Related Fees 

This category consists of services by our independent
auditors that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above
under Audit Fees. This category includes accounting consultations on transaction and proposed transaction related matters. There were
no such fees incurred by the Company in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Tax Fees 

The tax fee of 5,500 and 9,500 relate to tax
compliance services rendered in each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,respectively. 

All Other Fees 

There are no other fees to disclose. 

Pre-Approval of Services 

The Audit Committee appoints the independent accountant
each year and pre-approves the audit services. The Audit Committee chair is authorized to pre-approve specified non-audit services
for fees not exceeding specified amounts, if he promptly advises the other Audit Committee members of such approval. 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) Financial Statements and Schedules 

(1) 
 Financial Statements The financial statements filed as part of this filing are listed on the index to the Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Item 8 of Part II, on page F-1. 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules Schedule I Parent Only Financial Information filed as part of this filing is listed on the Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Item 8 of Part II, on pages S-1 and S-2. All other financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, or the information required is set forth in the Consolidated Financial Statements or related notes thereto. 

(b) Exhibit Index 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated December 10, 2006, among the Registrant, DFAX Acquisition vehicle, Inc., Upper Class Group Limited and the shareholders of UCG, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 12, 2006. 

2.2 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement among the Registrant, Upper Class Limited, Shouguang Yuxin Chemical Industry Company Limited and shareholders of Shouguang Yuxin Chemical Industry Company Limited, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2007. 

2.3 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated November 24, 2015, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 1, 2015. 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Gulf Resources Inc., incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 1, 2015. 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Gulf Resources Inc., incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 1, 2015. 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 28, 2020. 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 14, 2020. 

54 

10.1 
 
 Taiwan Island Ecological Culture City Project Demolition Compensation Agreement for Factory #6, dated November 25, 2016, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s current report on Form 8-K, filed on November 29, 2016. 

10.2 
 
 Stock Repurchase Agreement dated as of November 30, 2022 by and between the Company and Xiaobin Liu, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s current report on Form 8-K, filed on December 1, 2022 

10.3 
 
 Stock Repurchase Agreement dated as of November 30, 2022 by and between the Company and Min Li, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s current report on Form 8-K, filed on December 1, 2022 

10.4 
 
 Stock Repurchase Agreement dated as of November 30, 2022 by and between the Company and Naihui Miao, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s current report on Form 8-K, filed on December 1, 2022 

14 
 
 Code of Ethics, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Registrant annual report on Form 10-K filed on March 16, 2009. 

16.1 
 
 Letter from Morison Cogen LLP, dated July 7, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to the Registrant s current report on Form 8-K, filed on July 7, 2021. 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Registrant s annual report on Form 10-K filed on March 16, 2018. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of WWC, P.C. Certified Public Accountants, an independent registered public accounting firm. 

31.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not applicable. 

55 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities and Exchange Act, the Company has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly
authorized. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Xiaobin Liu 

By: Xiaobin Liu 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/ Min Li 

By: Min Li 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
and Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following person on behalf of the Company and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/ Xiaobin Liu 

March 31, 2023 
 
 Xiaobin Liu 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

/s/ Min Li 

March 31, 2023 
 
 Min Li 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

/s/ Ming Yang 

March 31, 2023 
 
 Ming Yang 
 
 Director 

/s/ Naihui Miao 

March 31, 2023 
 
 Naihui Miao 
 
 Director 

/s/ Tengfei Zhang 

March 31, 2023 
 
 Tengfei Zhang 
 
 Director 

/s/ Yang Zou 

March 31, 2023 
 
 Yang Zou 
 
 Director 

/s/ Sheng Wei Ma 

March 31, 2023 
 
 Sheng Wei Ma 
 
 Director 

/s/ Shi Tong Jiang 

March 31, 2023 
 
 Shi Tong Jiang 
 
 Director 

56 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 e618383_ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Gulf
Resources, Inc. 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-207731) of our report dated
March 31, 2023, relating to the audit of the consolidated balance sheet of Gulf Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries (collectively the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity,
and cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31, 2022, the related notes, and financial statement schedule
(collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements appearing in the Company s Annual Report on Form
10-K for year ended December 31, 2022. 

San Mateo, California 
 March 31, 2023 
 WWC, P.C. 
Certified Public Accountants 
PCAOB ID: 1171 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 e618383_ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
Pursuant to Rule 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) 
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

I, Xiaobin Liu, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Gulf Resources, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

c. 
 evaluated the effectiveness of registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/ Xiaobin Liu 

Xiaobin Liu 

Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: March 31, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 e618383_ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
Pursuant to Rule 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) 
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

I, Min Li, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Gulf Resources, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

c. 
 evaluated the effectiveness of registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/ Min Li 

Min Li 

Chief Financial Officer 

Dated: March 31, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 e618383_ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AND EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(b) AND 15d-14(b) 

 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002) 

In connection with the Annual Report of Gulf Resources,
Inc. on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof
(the Report ), each of the undersigned do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his or her knowledge and belief: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of the operation of the Company. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Xiaobin Liu 

Xiaobin Liu 

Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: March 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Min Li 

Min Li 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 gure-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 gure-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 gure-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 gure-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

