<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230310_10-K_edgar_data_1316944_0001316944-23-000047.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22346237</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>642322</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2696312</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9410627</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4773308</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4365739</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001316944-23-000047.hdr.sgml : 20230310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310074432
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001316944-23-000047
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		126
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001316944
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FEDERAL & FEDERALLY-SPONSORED CREDIT AGENCIES [6111]
		IRS NUMBER:				946000630
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			X1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51398
		FILM NUMBER:		23721616

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 BUSH STREET, SUITE 2700
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(415) 616-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 BUSH STREET, SUITE 2700
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001316944-23-000047.txt : 20230310

10-K
 1
 fhlbsf-20221231.htm
 10-K

fhlbsf-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _______________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _______________________________________________________ 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _______________________________________________________ 
 Federally chartered corporation of the United States 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. employer identification number) 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 ______________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Class B Stock, par value 100 
 (Title of class) 
 ________________________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 Registrant's capital stock is not publicly traded and is only issued to members of the registrant. Such capital stock is issued and redeemed at par value, 100 per share, subject to certain regulatory and statutory limits. At June 30, 2022, the aggregate par value of the capital stock held by shareholders of the registrant was approximately million. At February 28, 2023, the total shares of capital stock outstanding, including mandatorily redeemable capital stock, totaled . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: None. 

Table of Contents 

Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 23 
 Item 2. Properties 
 24 
 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 
 24 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 24 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 25 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 25 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Overview 
 27 
 Results of Operations 
 28 
 Financial Condition 
 34 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 45 
 Risk Management 
 49 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 74 
 Recently Issued Accounting Guidance and Interpretations 
 78 
 Recent Developments 
 79 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 79 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 80 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 148 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 148 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 149 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 149 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 150 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 158 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 185 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 186 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 189 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 191 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 192 
 SIGNATURES 
 192 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 At the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco (Bank or we), our purpose is to enhance the availability of credit for residential mortgages and economic development by providing a readily available, competitively priced source of funds for housing and community lenders. We are a wholesale bank we link our customers to the global capital markets and seek to manage our own liquidity and interest rate risk so that funds are available when our customers need them. By providing needed liquidity and financial risk management tools, our credit programs enhance competition in the mortgage market and benefit homebuyers and communities. 
 We are one of 11 regional Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBanks) that serve the United States as part of the Federal Home Loan Bank System (FHLBank System). Each FHLBank operates as a separate federally chartered corporation with its own board of directors, management, and employees. The FHLBanks were organized under the Federal Home Loan Bank Act of 1932, as amended (FHLBank Act), and are government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs). The FHLBanks are not government agencies and do not receive financial support from taxpayers. The U.S. government does not guarantee, directly or indirectly, the debt securities or other obligations of the Bank or the FHLBank System. The FHLBanks are regulated by the Federal Housing Finance Agency (Finance Agency), an independent federal agency. 
 We have a cooperative ownership structure. To access our products and services, a financial institution must be approved for membership and purchase capital stock in the Bank. The member s capital stock requirement is generally based on its use of our products, subject to a minimum asset-based membership requirement that is intended to reflect the value to the member of having ready access to the Bank as a reliable source of competitively priced funds. Our capital stock is issued, transferred, redeemed, and repurchased at its par value of 100 per share, subject to certain regulatory and statutory limits. It is not publicly traded. 
 Our members may include federally insured and regulated financial depositories, regulated insurance companies that are engaged in residential housing finance, community development financial institutions (CDFIs) that have been certified by the CDFI Fund of the U.S. Treasury Department, and privately insured, state-chartered credit unions. Financial depositories may include commercial banks, credit unions, industrial loan companies, and savings institutions. CDFIs may include community development loan funds, community development venture capital funds, and privately insured, state-chartered credit unions. All members have their principal place of business located in Arizona, California, or Nevada, the three states that make up the Eleventh District of the FHLBank System. 
 Our primary business is providing competitively priced, collateralized loans, known as advances, to our members and certain qualifying housing associates. We accept a wide range of collateral types, some of which cannot be readily pledged elsewhere or readily securitized. Members use their access to advances to support their mortgage loan portfolios, lower their funding costs, facilitate asset-liability and liquidity management, offer a wider range of mortgage products to their customers, and improve profitability. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022, we had advances and capital stock, including mandatorily redeemable capital stock, outstanding to the following types of institutions: 
 Advances (Dollars in millions) Total Number of Institutions Capital Stock Outstanding Number of Institutions Par Value of Advances Outstanding Commercial banks 132 2,512 72 71,704 Savings institutions 8 69 4 605 Credit unions 155 1,037 93 16,216 Industrial loan companies 2 1 1 20 Insurance companies 26 132 9 1,210 Community development financial institutions 7 7 6 100 Total member institutions 330 3,758 185 89,855 Housing associates eligible to borrow 1 95 Other nonmember institutions (1) 
 3 5 3 167 Total 333 3,763 189 90,117 
 (1) Nonmember institutions may be former members or may have acquired the advances and capital stock of a former member. Capital stock held by nonmember shareholders is classified as mandatorily redeemable capital stock, a liability. Nonmember shareholders with advances outstanding are required to meet our applicable credit, collateral, and capital stock requirements, including requirements regarding creditworthiness and collateral borrowing capacity. Nonmembers (including former members and member successors) are not eligible to borrow new advances or renew existing advances as they mature. 
 To fund their operations, the FHLBanks issue debt in the form of consolidated obligation bonds and discount notes (jointly referred to as consolidated obligations) through the FHLBanks Office of Finance, the fiscal agent for the issuance and servicing of consolidated obligations on behalf of the FHLBanks. Because the FHLBanks consolidated obligations are rated Aaa/P-1 by Moody s Investors Service (Moody s) and AA+/A-1+ by S P Global Ratings (S P) and because of the FHLBanks GSE status, the FHLBanks are generally able to raise funds at rates that are typically at a small to moderate spread above U.S. Treasury security yields. Our cooperative ownership structure allows us to pass along the benefit of these low funding rates to our members. 
 Members also benefit from our affordable housing and economic development programs, which provide grants and below-market-rate loans that support members involvement in creating affordable housing and revitalizing communities. 
 Our Business Model 
 Our cooperative ownership structure has led us to develop a business model that is different from that of a typical financial services firm. Our business model is based on the premise that we maintain a balance between our objective to promote housing, homeownership, and community and economic development through our activities with members and our objective to provide a return on the private capital provided by our members through their investment in our capital stock, maintaining safety and soundness. 
 We require our members to purchase our capital stock to support their activities with the Bank. We leverage this capital stock and our retained earnings by using our GSE status to borrow funds in the capital markets at relatively favorable rates. We lend these funds to our members at rates that are competitive with the cost of most wholesale borrowing alternatives available to our largest members. 
 We may also invest in residential mortgage-backed securities (MBS) up to the regulatory policy limit of three times regulatory capital, which is composed of retained earnings and capital stock, including mandatorily redeemable capital stock. Our MBS investments include agency-issued MBS that are guaranteed through the direct obligation of or are supported by the U.S. government and private-label residential MBS (PLRMBS) that were AAA-rated at the time of purchase. We also have a portfolio of residential mortgage loans purchased from members. Earnings on these MBS investments and mortgage loans provide us with the financial flexibility to continue providing cost-effective credit and liquidity to our members. While the mortgage assets we hold are intended to increase our 
 2 

Table of Contents 

earnings, they also modestly increase our credit and interest rate risk. We consider the Finance Agency s core mission achievement guidance when making investment decisions. The Finance Agency will assess annually each FHLBank s core mission achievement by determining the ratio of primary mission assets, which is calculated as the average par balances of advances and mortgage loans acquired from members, to the average par balance of consolidated obligations less the average par balance of our U.S. Treasury security obligations with a maturity no greater than ten years. The Finance Agency s expectation is that each FHLBank s core mission asset ratio is at least 70 or higher. Our core mission asset ratio was 69.6 and 64.4 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Additional information about our investments is provided in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Credit Risk Investments. 
 Our financial strategies are designed to enable us to safely expand and contract our assets, liabilities, and capital as our member base and our members' credit needs change. Our capital increases when members are required to purchase additional capital stock as they increase their borrowings, and it contracts when we repurchase excess stock from members as their advances decline. As a result of these strategies, we have been able to achieve our mission by meeting member credit needs and maintaining our adequately capitalized position, while paying dividends (including dividends on mandatorily redeemable capital stock) and repurchasing and redeeming excess stock. Information regarding our dividends and the repurchase of excess stock is provided in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 11 Capital Excess Stock Repurchase, Retained Earnings, and Dividend Framework. 
 Products and Services 
 Advances. We offer our members and housing associates a wide array of fixed and adjustable rate loans, called advances, that are secured with eligible mortgage loans and other collateral. Our advance products are designed to help members and housing associates compete effectively in their markets and meet the credit needs of their communities. For members and housing associates that choose to retain the mortgage loans they originate as assets (portfolio lenders), advances serve as a funding source for a variety of conforming and nonconforming mortgage loans, including multifamily mortgage loans. As a result, advances support an array of housing market segments, including those focused on low- and moderate-income households. For members or housing associates that sell or securitize mortgage loans and other assets, advances can provide interim funding. 
 Our credit products also help members and housing associates with their asset-liability management. Members and housing associates can use a wide range of advance types, with different maturities and payment characteristics, to match the characteristics of their assets and reduce their interest rate risk. We offer advances that are callable at the member's or housing associate s option on a fixed and floating rate basis, which can reduce the interest rate risk associated with holding fixed rate mortgage loans and adjustable rate mortgage loans in the member's portfolio. 
 We offer both standard and customized advance structures. Standard advances include fixed and adjustable rate advance products with different maturities, interest rates, and payment characteristics. Fixed rate advances generally have maturities ranging from one day to 30 years. Adjustable rate advances generally have maturities ranging from less than 30 days to 10 years, with the interest rates resetting periodically at a fixed spread to a specified index. Customized advances may include: 
 advances with non-standard indices; 
 advances with embedded option features (such as call and put options); 
 amortizing advances; and 
 advances with full prepayment symmetry. (Full prepayment symmetry is a product feature under which we may charge a prepayment fee or pay a prepayment credit, depending on certain circumstances, such as movements in interest rates, if the advance is prepaid.) 
 For each customized advance, we typically execute a derivative to enable us to offset the customized features embedded in the advance. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

The total amount of advances made available to each member or housing associate may be limited by the financing availability assigned by the Bank, which is generally expressed as a percentage of the member s or housing associate s assets. The amount of financing availability is generally determined by the creditworthiness of the member or housing associate. 
 Because of the funding alternatives available to our largest borrowers, we establish advances prices that take into account the cost of alternative market choices available to our largest members each day, along with our costs of conducting business and our profitability. We offer the same advances prices to all members and housing associates each day, which means that all members and housing associates benefit from this pricing strategy. In addition, if further price concessions are negotiated with any member or housing associate to reflect market conditions on a given day, those price concessions are also made available to all members and housing associates for the same product with the same terms on the same day. 
 Standby Letters of Credit. We issue standby letters of credit to support certain obligations of members to third parties. Members may use standby letters of credit issued by the Bank to facilitate residential housing finance and community lending, to achieve liquidity and asset-liability management goals, to secure certain state and local agency deposits, and to provide credit support to certain tax-exempt bonds. Our underwriting and collateral requirements for standby letters of credit are generally the same as our underwriting and collateral requirements for advances but may differ in cases where member creditworthiness is impaired. 
 Investments. We invest in high-quality investments to facilitate our role as a cost-effective provider of credit and liquidity to members and to enhance our earnings. We have adopted credit policies and exposure limits for investments that support liquidity and diversification of risk. These policies restrict the amounts and terms of our investments according to our own capital position as well as the capital and creditworthiness of the individual counterparties, with different unsecured credit limit policies for members and nonmembers. When we execute investments with members, we may give consideration to their secured credit availability with the Bank and our advances price levels. 
 We may invest in short-term unsecured interest-bearing deposits, Federal funds sold, negotiable certificates of deposit, and commercial paper. We may also invest in U.S. Treasury obligations as well as short-term secured transactions, such as U.S. Treasury resale agreements. 
 In addition, our investments include agency residential MBS, which are guaranteed through the direct obligation of, or are supported by, the U.S. government, and PLRMBS. Some of these PLRMBS were issued by or purchased from members, former members, or their respective affiliates. We execute all MBS investments without preference to the status of the counterparty or the issuer of the investment as a nonmember, member, or affiliate of a member. We have not purchased any PLRMBS since the first quarter of 2008. 
 Additional information about our investments is provided in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Credit Risk Investments and in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 4 Investments. 
 Mortgage Loans. Under the Mortgage Partnership Finance (MPF Program, we purchased from members, for our own portfolio, conventional conforming fixed rate mortgage loans under the MPF Original product. In addition, we facilitated the purchase of conforming fixed rate mortgage loans from members for concurrent sale to Fannie Mae under the MPF Xtra product. When members sold loans under the MPF Xtra product, the loans were sold to a third-party investor and were not recorded on our Statements of Condition. Mortgage Partnership Finance, MPF, and MPF Xtra are registered trademarks of the FHLBank of Chicago.) On December 17, 2020, we announced that we would no longer offer new commitments to directly purchase, or to facilitate the purchase of, mortgage loans from our members. On March 31, 2021, we closed all remaining open commitments to purchase mortgage loans for our own portfolio under the MPF Original product, and by June 30, 2021, we no longer facilitated the purchase of mortgage loans under the MPF Xtra product. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Housing and Community Investment Programs 
 FHLBank San Francisco offers grant and credit programs and other resources that promote homeownership, expand access to quality affordable housing, boost economic development, seed or sustain small businesses, and revitalize communities. Our members use our community program grants and discounted credit products to help: 
 Create or preserve quality affordable housing for lower-income families and individuals, many with special needs; 
 Facilitate sustainable and equitable homeownership for low- to moderate-income families and individuals; 
 Deliver skill-building educational programs and life-enhancing social services to underserved communities; 
 Support innovative targeted jobs programs and entrepreneurship; and 
 Assist local nonprofits and small businesses and advance community-based economic development objectives. 
 Affordable Housing Program. Through our Affordable Housing Program (AHP), we provide subsidies to assist in the purchase, construction, or rehabilitation of housing for households earning up to 80 of the median income for the area in which they live. Each year, to fund the AHP, we set aside 10 of our current year s net earnings (income before interest expense related to dividends paid on mandatorily redeemable capital stock and the assessment for the AHP), to be awarded in the following year. Since 1990, we have awarded approximately 1.3 billion in AHP subsidies to support the purchase, development, or rehabilitation of approximately 147,700 housing units. 
 We allocate at least 65 of our annual AHP subsidy to our competitive AHP General Fund, under which applications for specific owner-occupied and rental housing projects are submitted by members and are evaluated and scored by the Bank in an annual competitive process. All subsidies for the AHP General Fund are funded to affordable housing sponsors or developers through our members in the form of direct subsidies or subsidized advances. 
 We allocate the remainder of our annual AHP subsidy, up to 35 , to our homeownership set-aside program. Under this program, members reserve funds from the Bank to be used as matching grants for eligible first-time homebuyers. 
 Access to Housing and Economic Assistance for Development (AHEAD) Program. AHEAD Program grants, funded annually at the discretion of our board of directors, provide funding for targeted economic development projects and non-AHP-eligible housing initiatives that create or preserve jobs, deliver social services, training, or education programs, or provide other services and programs that benefit low- and moderate-income communities. AHEAD Program applications are submitted by members working with local community groups, and awards are based on project eligibility and evaluation of the applications. In 2022, we awarded 1.5 million in AHEAD Program grants, and since 2004, we have awarded 22.0 million in AHEAD program grants. 
 Empowering Black Homeownership (EBH). In 2021, the Bank s board of directors approved 1.0 million matching grant program designed to narrow the Black homeownership gap by expanding access to expert housing counseling services. EBH was established to address the historical and continuing racial discrimination in homeownership and expand the capacity of Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD)-approved housing counseling agencies (HCAs) to serve more aspiring and at-risk homeowners in communities of color. EBH applications were submitted by members working with these agencies, and awards were based on the eligibility and evaluation of the applications. In 2022, the Bank disbursed 1.0 million for 41 EBH grants to 14 members that had made donations to 22 HCAs, for a total of 2.2 million in support for HCAs in Arizona, California, and Nevada. 
 Nevada Capacity Building Program. In 2022, the Bank s board of directors approved a 500 thousand grant to the Nevada Housing Coalition (NHC) to build capacity for affordable housing development in Nevada. The funds were used to improve development resources in the state, grow its affordable housing ecosystem, and better position Nevada to secure and deploy affordable housing dollars from a variety of existing and new sources. Capacity building efforts will include delivering critical training to practitioners on the nuances of securing and applying for affordable housing dollars, increasing the state s affordable housing project pipeline, and ultimately ensuring more housing options for all Nevadans. In 2022, the Bank disbursed 500 thousand to NHC. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Discounted Credit Programs. We offer members two discounted credit programs available in the form of advances and standby letters of credit. Members may use the Community Investment Program to fund mortgages for low- and moderate-income households, to finance first-time homebuyer programs, to create and maintain affordable housing, and to support other eligible lending activities related to housing or economic development for low- and moderate-income families. Members may use the Advances for Community Enterprise (ACE) Program to fund projects and activities that create or retain jobs or provide services or other benefits for low- and moderate-income people and communities. Members may also use ACE Program funds to support eligible community lending and economic development, including small business, community facilities, and public works projects. 
 Funding Sources 
 We obtain most of our funds from the sale of the FHLBanks debt instruments (consolidated obligations), which consist of consolidated obligation bonds and discount notes. The consolidated obligations are issued through the Office of Finance using authorized securities dealers and are backed only by the financial resources of the FHLBanks. As provided by the FHLBank Act or regulations governing the operations of the FHLBanks, all FHLBanks have joint and several liability for all FHLBank consolidated obligations. The joint and several liability regulation authorizes the Finance Agency to require any FHLBank to repay all or a portion of the principal or interest on consolidated obligations for which another FHLBank is the primary obligor. The regulations provide a general framework for addressing the possibility that an FHLBank may be unable to repay the consolidated obligations for which it is the primary obligor. For more information, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies. We have never been asked or required to repay the principal or interest on any consolidated obligation on behalf of another FHLBank, and through the date of this report, we do not believe that it is probable that we will be asked to do so. 
 Our status as a GSE is critical to maintaining access to the capital markets. Although consolidated obligations are backed only by the financial resources of the FHLBanks and are not guaranteed by the U.S. government, the capital markets have traditionally treated the FHLBanks consolidated obligations as a close alternative to federal agency debt, providing the FHLBanks with access to funding at relatively favorable rates. As of December 31, 2022, S P rated the FHLBanks consolidated obligations AA+/A-1+, and Moody s rated them Aaa/P-1. As of December 31, 2022, S P assigned each of the FHLBanks a long-term credit rating of AA+ with a stable outlook, and Moody's assigned each of the FHLBanks a long-term credit rating of Aaa with a stable outlook. Changes in the long-term credit ratings of individual FHLBanks do not necessarily affect the credit rating of the consolidated obligations issued on behalf of the FHLBanks. Rating agencies may change or withdraw a rating from time to time because of various factors, including operating results or actions taken, business developments, or changes in their opinion regarding, among other factors, the general outlook for a particular industry or the economy. 
 Regulations govern the issuance of debt on behalf of the FHLBanks and related activities. All new debt is jointly issued by the FHLBanks through the Office of Finance, which serves as their fiscal agent in accordance with the FHLBank Act and applicable regulations. Pursuant to these regulations, the Office of Finance, often in conjunction with the FHLBanks, has adopted policies and procedures for consolidated obligations that may be issued by the FHLBanks. The policies and procedures relate to the frequency and timing of issuance, issue size, minimum denomination, selling concessions, underwriter qualifications and selection, currency of issuance, interest rate change or conversion features, call or put features, principal amortization features, and selection of clearing organizations and outside counsel. The Office of Finance has responsibility for facilitating and approving the issuance of the consolidated obligations in accordance with these policies and procedures. In addition, the Office of Finance has the authority to redirect, limit, or prohibit the FHLBanks requests to issue consolidated obligations that are otherwise allowed by its policies and procedures if it determines that its action is consistent with: (i) the regulatory requirement that consolidated obligations be issued efficiently and at the lowest all-in cost over time, consistent with prudent risk management practices, prudent debt parameters, short- and long-term market conditions, and the FHLBanks status as GSEs; (ii) maintaining reliable access to the short-term and long-term capital markets; and (iii) positioning the issuance of debt to take advantage of current and future capital markets opportunities. The authority of the Office of Finance to redirect, limit, or prohibit our requests for issuance of consolidated obligations has never adversely affected our ability to finance its operations. The Office of Finance also services all outstanding FHLBank debt, serves as a source of information for the FHLBanks on developments 
 6 

Table of Contents 

in the capital markets, and prepares the FHLBanks quarterly and annual combined financial reports. In addition, it administers the Resolution Funding Corporation, established by Congress in 1989 to provide funding for the resolution and disposition of insolvent savings institutions. 
 Consolidated Obligation Bonds. Consolidated obligations are generally issued with either fixed rate payment terms or adjustable rate payment terms, which use the Secured Overnight Financing Rate for interest rate resets. In addition, to meet the specific needs of certain investors, fixed rate and adjustable rate consolidated obligation bonds may contain certain embedded features, which may result in call options and complex coupon payment terms. In general, when such consolidated obligation bonds are issued for which we are the primary obligor, we simultaneously enter into interest rate exchange agreements containing offsetting features to, in effect, convert the terms of the bond to the terms of a simple adjustable rate bond. Typically, the maturities of consolidated obligation bonds range from 6 months to 15 years, but the maturities are not subject to any statutory or regulatory limit. Consolidated obligation bonds may be issued and distributed daily through negotiated or competitively bid transactions with approved underwriters or selling group members. 
 We receive 100 of the net proceeds of a bond issued through direct negotiation with underwriters of debt when we are the only FHLBank involved in the negotiation. In these cases, we are the sole primary obligor on the consolidated obligation bond. When we and one or more other FHLBanks jointly negotiate the issuance of a bond directly with underwriters, we receive the portion of the proceeds of the bond agreed upon with the other FHLBank(s); in those cases, we are the primary obligor for a pro rata portion of the bond, including all customized features and terms, based on the proceeds received. 
 We may also request specific amounts of specific consolidated obligation bonds to be offered by the Office of Finance for sale in a competitive auction conducted with the underwriters in a bond selling group. One or more other FHLBanks may also request amounts of those same bonds to be offered for sale for their benefit in the same auction. We may receive zero to 100 of the proceeds of the bonds issued in a competitive auction depending on: (i) the amounts of and costs for the consolidated obligation bonds bid by underwriters; (ii) the maximum costs we or other FHLBanks participating in the same issue, if any, are willing to pay for the bonds; and (iii) guidelines for the allocation of bond proceeds among multiple participating FHLBanks administered by the Office of Finance. 
 Consolidated Obligation Discount Notes. The FHLBanks also issue consolidated obligation discount notes with maturities ranging from one day to one year, which may be offered daily through a consolidated obligation discount note selling group and through other authorized underwriters. Discount notes are issued at a discount and mature at par. 
 On a daily basis, we may request specific amounts of discount notes with specific maturity dates to be offered by the Office of Finance at a specific cost for sale to underwriters in the discount note selling group. One or more other FHLBanks may also request amounts of discount notes with the same maturities to be offered for sale for their benefit the same day. The Office of Finance commits to issue discount notes on behalf of the participating FHLBanks when underwriters in the selling group submit orders for the specific discount notes offered for sale. We may receive zero to 100 of the proceeds of the discount notes issued through this sales process depending on: (i) the maximum costs we or other FHLBanks participating in the same discount note issuance, if any, are willing to pay for the discount notes; (ii) the order amounts for the discount notes submitted by underwriters; and (iii) guidelines for the allocation of discount note proceeds among multiple participating FHLBanks administered by the Office of Finance. 
 Twice weekly, we may also request specific amounts of discount notes with fixed terms to maturity ranging from 4 to 26 weeks to be offered by the Office of Finance for sale in a competitive auction conducted with underwriters in the discount note selling group. One or more other FHLBanks may also request amounts of those same discount notes to be offered for sale for their benefit in the same auction. The discount notes offered for sale in a competitive auction are not subject to a limit on the maximum costs the FHLBanks are willing to pay. We may receive zero to 100 of the proceeds of the discount notes issued in a competitive auction depending on: (i) the amounts of and costs for the discount notes bid by underwriters and (ii) guidelines for the allocation of discount note proceeds among multiple participating FHLBanks administered by the Office of Finance. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Debt Investor Base. The FHLBanks consolidated obligations have traditionally had a diversified funding base of domestic and foreign investors. Purchasers of the FHLBanks consolidated obligations include fund managers, commercial banks, pension funds, insurance companies, foreign central banks, state and local governments, and retail investors. These purchasers are also diversified geographically, with a significant portion of investors historically located in the United States, Europe, and Asia. 
 Segment Information 
 We use an analysis of our financial results based on the financial components and adjusted net interest income of two operating segments, the advances-related business and the mortgage-related business, as well as other financial information, to review and assess financial performance and determine financial management strategies related to the operations of these two business segments. For purposes of segment reporting, adjusted net interest income includes interest income and expense associated with net settlements from economic hedges that are recorded in Net gain/(loss) on derivatives in other income/(loss), excludes interest income and expense associated with changes in fair value from fair value hedges that are recorded in the same line as the earning effect of the hedged item, and excludes interest expense that is recorded in Mandatorily redeemable capital stock. AHP assessments are not included in the segment reporting analysis but are incorporated into our overall assessment of financial performance. 
 The advances-related business consists of advances and other credit products, related financing and hedging instruments, liquidity and other non-MBS investments associated with our role as a liquidity provider, and capital stock. Adjusted net interest income for this segment is derived primarily from the difference, or spread, between the yield on all assets associated with the business activity in this segment and the cost of funding those activities, including the net settlements from associated interest rate exchange agreements, and from earnings attributed to our capital stock and retained earnings. 
 The mortgage-related business consists of MBS investments, mortgage loans acquired through the MPF Program, consolidated obligations specifically identified as funding those assets, and related hedging instruments. Adjusted net interest income for this segment is derived primarily from the difference, or spread, between the yield on the MBS and mortgage loans and the cost of the consolidated obligations funding those assets. This includes the net settlements from associated interest rate exchange agreements and net accretion of related income, which is a result of improvement in expected cash flows on certain PLRMBS with previous credit losses related to the prior methodology of evaluating credit losses, less the provision for credit losses on mortgage loans and MBS. 
 Additional information about business segments is provided in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition Segment Information and in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 13 Segment Information. 
 Use of Interest Rate Exchange Agreements 
 We use interest rate exchange agreements, also known as derivatives, in the ordinary course of business as part of our risk management and funding strategies to reduce interest rate risk and lower funding costs. The types of derivatives we use include interest rate swaps and interest rate cap and floor agreements. 
 The regulations governing the operations of the FHLBanks and our Risk Management Policy establish standards and guidelines for our use of derivatives. These standards and guidelines prohibit trading in derivatives for profit and any other speculative purposes and limit the amount of credit risk allowable from derivative counterparties. 
 We primarily use derivatives to manage our exposure to market risk from changes in interest rates. The goal of our market risk management strategy is not to eliminate market risk, but to manage it within appropriate limits that are consistent with the financial strategies approved by the board of directors. One key way we manage market risk is to acquire and maintain a portfolio of assets and liabilities, which, together with their associated derivatives, are generally matched with respect to the expected repricing of the assets and the liabilities. We may also use 
 8 

Table of Contents 

derivatives to adjust the effective repricing frequency or option characteristics embedded in certain financial instruments (such as advances and consolidated obligations) to achieve our risk management objectives. 
 We measure our market risk at the total Bank level, as well as on a portfolio basis, taking into account all financial instruments. The market risk of the derivatives and the hedged items is included in the measurement of our various market risk measures. Our low market risk profile reflects our conservative asset-liability mix, which is supported by integrated use of derivatives in our daily financial management. 
 Additional information about our interest rate exchange agreements is provided in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Market Risk Total Bank Market Risk Interest Rate Exchange Agreements and in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 14 Derivatives and Hedging Activities. 
 Capital 
 From its enactment in 1932, the FHLBank Act provided for a subscription-based capital structure for the FHLBanks. The amount of capital stock that each FHLBank issued was determined by a statutory formula establishing how much FHLBank capital stock each member was required to purchase. With the enactment of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999, Congress replaced the statutory subscription-based member capital stock purchase formula with requirements for total capital, leverage capital, and risk-based capital for the FHLBanks and required the FHLBanks to develop new capital plans to replace the previous statutory structure. 
 Our capital plan has been amended over time to accommodate changes in our business model and financial strategies. The capital plan bases the stock purchase requirement on the level of activity a member has with the Bank, subject to a minimum membership requirement that is intended to reflect the value to the member of having access to the Bank as a funding source. With the approval of our board of directors, we may adjust these requirements from time to time within the ranges established in the capital plan. Any changes to our capital plan must be approved by our board of directors and the Finance Agency. 
 Our capital stock cannot be publicly traded, and under the capital plan, may be issued, transferred, redeemed, and repurchased only at its par value of 100 per share, subject to certain regulatory and statutory limits. Under the capital plan, a member s capital stock will be redeemed by the Bank upon five years notice from the member, subject to certain conditions. In addition, we have the discretion to repurchase excess stock from members. 
 Dividends and Retained Earnings. Our Excess Stock Repurchase, Retained Earnings, and Dividend Framework (Framework) summarizes our capital management principles and objectives, as well as its policies and practices with respect to retained earnings, dividend payments, and the repurchase of excess stock. 
 As required by the regulations governing the operations of the FHLBanks, the Framework is reviewed at least annually by our board of directors. The board of directors may amend the Framework from time to time. The Framework includes a dividend philosophy to endeavor to pay a quarterly dividend at an annualized rate between 5 and 7 . The decision to declare any dividend and the dividend rate are at the discretion of our board of directors, which may choose to follow the dividend philosophy as guidance in the dividend declaration. Our historical dividend rates and the dividend philosophy are not indicative of future dividend declarations. Our Framework may be revised or eliminated in the future, and there can be no assurance as to future dividends. 
 In accordance with the Framework, we retain certain amounts in restricted retained earnings, which are not made available for dividends in the current dividend period, and maintain an amount of total retained earnings at least equal to the required retained earnings as described in the Framework. We may be restricted from paying dividends if the Bank is not in compliance with any of our minimum capital requirements or if payment would cause the Bank to fail to meet any of our minimum capital requirements. In addition, we may not pay dividends if any principal or interest due on any consolidated obligation has not been paid in full or is not expected to be paid in full, or, under certain circumstances, if we fail to satisfy certain liquidity requirements under applicable regulations. For more 
 9 

Table of Contents 

information, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Liquidity Risk. 
 Our Risk Management Policy limits the payment of dividends based on the ratio of our estimated market value of total capital to par value of capital stock. If this ratio at the end of any quarter is less than 100 but greater than or equal to 70 , any dividend would be limited to an annualized rate no greater than the daily average of the Federal funds effective rate for the applicable quarter (subject to certain conditions), and if this ratio is less than 70 , we would be restricted from paying a dividend. For more information, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Market Risk. 
 Retained Earnings Our Framework assesses the level and adequacy of retained earnings and establishes amounts to be retained in restricted retained earnings, which are not made available in the current dividend period, and maintains an amount of total retained earnings at least equal to our required retained earnings as described in the Framework. The methodology may be revised from time to time, and the level of required retained earnings under the methodology may change due to updating data and assumptions used in the methodology. The required level of total retained earnings was 2.6 billion and 1.5 billion at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. In July 2022, the required level of retained earnings was increased from 1.7 billion to 2.6 billion. In January 2023, the required level of retained earnings was increased from 2.6 billion to 2.7 billion. Our retained earnings requirement may be changed at any time. The board of directors periodically reviews the retained earnings methodology and analysis to determine whether any adjustments are appropriate. 
 We satisfy our retained earnings requirement with both restricted retained earnings (i.e., amounts related to the Joint Capital Enhancement (JCE) Agreement) and unrestricted retained earnings. The JCE Agreement is intended to enhance the capital position of each FHLBank. In accordance with the JCE Agreement, each FHLBank is required to reclassify an amount equal to 20 of its net income each quarter to a separate restricted retained earnings account until the balance of the account, calculated as of the last day of each calendar quarter, equals at least 1 of that FHLBank's average balance of outstanding consolidated obligations for the calendar quarter. Under the JCE Agreement, these restricted retained earnings will not be available to pay dividends. The JCE Agreement also provides that amounts in restricted retained earnings in excess of 150 of our restricted retained earnings minimum (i.e., 1 of our total consolidated obligations calculated as of the last day of each calendar quarter) may be released from restricted retained earnings. 
 Dividend Payments Finance Agency rules state that FHLBanks may declare and pay dividends only from previously retained earnings or current net earnings and may not declare or pay dividends based on projected or anticipated earnings. There is no requirement that the board of directors declare and pay any dividend. A decision by the board of directors to declare or not declare a dividend is a discretionary matter and is subject to the requirements and restrictions of the FHLBank Act and applicable requirements under the regulations governing the operations of the FHLBanks. In addition, Finance Agency rules do not permit the Bank to pay dividends in the form of capital stock if its excess stock exceeds 1 of its total assets. Excess stock is defined as the aggregate of the capital stock held by each shareholder in excess of its minimum capital stock requirement, as established by our capital plan. 
 Competition 
 Demand for our advances is affected by many factors, including the availability and cost of other sources of funding for members, including retail and brokered deposits. We also compete with our members' other suppliers of wholesale funding, both secured and unsecured. These suppliers may include securities dealers, commercial banks, and other FHLBanks for members with affiliated institutions that are members of other FHLBanks. 
 Under the FHLBank Act and regulations governing the operations of the FHLBanks, affiliated institutions in different FHLBank districts may be members of different FHLBanks. Members may have access to alternative funding sources through sales of securities under agreements to resell. Some members, particularly larger members, may have access to many more funding alternatives, including independent access to the national and global credit markets. The availability of alternative funding sources for members can significantly influence the demand for our 
 10 

Table of Contents 

advances and can vary as a result of many factors, including market conditions, members' creditworthiness, members' strategic objectives, and the availability of collateral. 
 Our ability to compete successfully for the advances business of our members depends primarily on our advances prices, ability to fund advances through the issuance of consolidated obligations at competitive rates, credit and collateral terms, prepayment terms, product features such as embedded option features, ability to meet members' specific requests on a timely basis, capital stock requirements, retained earnings policy, excess stock repurchase policies, and dividends. 
 In addition, the FHLBanks compete with the U.S. Treasury, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and other GSEs, as well as corporate, sovereign, and supranational entities, for funds raised through the issuance of unsecured debt in the national and global debt markets. Increases in the supply of competing debt products may, in the absence of increases in demand, result in higher debt costs or lower amounts of debt issued at the same cost. 
 Regulatory Oversight, Audits, and Examinations 
 The FHLBanks are supervised and regulated by the Finance Agency, an independent agency in the executive branch of the U.S. government. The Finance Agency is charged with ensuring that the FHLBanks carry out their housing finance mission, remain adequately capitalized and able to raise funds in the capital markets, and operate in a safe and sound manner. The Finance Agency also establishes regulations governing the operations of the FHLBanks. 
 To assess the safety and soundness of the Bank, the Finance Agency conducts an annual examination of the Bank and other periodic reviews of its financial operations. In addition, we are required to submit information on our financial condition and results of operations each month to the Finance Agency. 
 Our capital stock is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) under Section 12(g)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (1934 Act) and, as a result, we are required to comply with the disclosure and reporting requirements of the 1934 Act and to file annual, quarterly, and current reports with the SEC, as well as meet other SEC requirements. 
 Our board of directors has an audit committee, and we have an internal audit department. An independent registered public accounting firm audits our annual financial statements. The independent registered public accounting firm conducts these audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). 
 Like other federally chartered corporations, the FHLBanks are subject to general congressional oversight. Each FHLBank must submit annual management reports to Congress, the President, the Office of Management and Budget, and the Comptroller General. 
 The Comptroller General has authority under the FHLBank Act to audit or examine the Finance Agency and the FHLBanks and to determine the extent to which they fairly and effectively fulfill the purposes of the FHLBank Act. Furthermore, the Government Corporations Control Act provides that the Comptroller General may review any audit of the financial statements conducted by an independent registered public accounting firm. The Comptroller General may also conduct his or her own audit of any financial statements of an FHLBank. 
 The U.S. Treasury, or a permitted designee, is authorized under the combined provisions of the Government Corporations Control Act and the FHLBank Act to prescribe: the form, denomination, maturity, interest rate, and conditions to which FHLBank debt will be subject; the way and time FHLBank debt is issued; and the price for which FHLBank debt will be sold. The U.S. Treasury may purchase FHLBank debt up to an aggregate principal amount of 4.0 billion pursuant to the standards and terms of the FHLBank Act. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Human Capital Resources 
 Our human capital significantly contributes to the Bank s success in achieving strategic business objectives. In managing our human capital, we focus on our workforce profile and the various programs and philosophies described below. 
 Workforce Profile Our workforce is primarily comprised of corporate employees, with our principal operations centralized in one location. As of December 31, 2022, we had 297 employees. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 46.0 of our workforce identify as female, 53.0 identify as male, and 1.0 declined to state a gender. Approximately 68.0 of our workforce identify as an ethnic minority, and 1.0 declined to state an ethnicity. As of December 31, 2022, the average tenure of our employees was 8.4 years. Our overall turnover rate for 2022 was 14.8 . We strive to both develop talent within the organization and to supplement our talent pool with external hires. We believe that developing internal talent results in institutional strength and continuity and promotes engagement and commitment among our employees, which advances and broadens the overall success of the organization. Attracting new talent contributes to fresh perspectives, new ideas, continuous improvement, and our goal of supporting a diverse and inclusive workforce. There are no collective bargaining agreements with our employees. 
 Total Rewards To achieve our strategic business initiatives and enhance business performance, we seek to attract, develop, and retain talented employees. We accomplish this through a combination of development programs and benefits, and by recognizing and rewarding performance. Specifically, our programs include: 
 Cash compensation that includes a competitive base salary and performance-based incentives; 
 Benefits: 
 Health insurance, life and accidental death and dismemberment insurance, supplemental life insurance, 401(k) retirement savings plan with employer match, pension benefits, healthcare concierge; 
 Wellness program, including a wellness reimbursement, employee assistance program, and interactive education sessions; 
 Time away from work, including time off for vacation, illness, federal holidays, and volunteer opportunities; 
 Culture: includes employee resource groups, various cultural diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives, and a mentorship program; 
 Work/Life balance: includes paid salary continuation for short-term disability, parental, military, and bereavement leave, and jury duty; 
 Development programs and training: leadership development, competency knowledge center learning modules, tuition reimbursement program, internal and external educational and development opportunities, relevant to employees job responsibilities; and 
 Management succession planning: our board of directors and leadership actively engage in management succession planning, with a review of our senior management team at least annually. 
 Our performance management framework includes goal setting and an annual performance review process. Overall annual ratings are calibrated across the leadership team, with base salary and incentive recommendations differentiated based upon employee contributions and overall performance. 
 We are committed to the health, safety, and wellness of our employees. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have implemented significant changes to our operating environment, safety protocols, and procedures that we determined were in the best interest of our employees and members, and in compliance with government regulations. This includes ensuring all employees are able to work remotely when needed and implementing additional safety measures for employees to perform critical on-site work. 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Program Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) is a strategic business priority for the Bank. Our Chief Diversity Officer is a member of the senior management team, reports to the President and Chief Executive Officer, and serves as a liaison to the board of directors. Equity is embedded in the Bank s workforce management and business activities. We recognize that diversity increases our capacity for innovation 
 12 

Table of Contents 

and creativity and that inclusion allows us to leverage the unique perspectives of all employees, facilitates a sense of belonging, and strengthens our retention efforts. We operationalize our commitment through the development and execution of a three-year DEI Strategic Plan that includes quantifiable metrics to measure its success, and we report regularly on these metrics to management and the board of directors. Additionally, we offer a range of opportunities for our employees to connect and grow personally and professionally through our Enterprise Diversity Committee, Workforce DEI Plan, and employee resource groups. We consider learning an important component of our DEI Strategic Plan and regularly offer educational opportunities to our employees and evaluate inclusive behaviors as part of our annual performance management process. 
 Available Information 
 The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains all electronically filed or furnished SEC reports, including our annual reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and our current reports on Form 8-K, as well as any amendments. On our website at www.fhlbsf.com, we provide a link to the page on the SEC website that lists all of these reports. In addition, we provide direct links from our website to our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q on the SEC website as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing or furnishing the reports to the SEC. (Note: The website addresses of the SEC and the Bank have been included as inactive textual references only. Information on those websites is not part of this report.) The Bank is exempt from certain SEC statutes and regulations and the filing of certain reports with the SEC, including proxy statements, otherwise required by public companies whose securities are registered with the SEC. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The following discussion summarizes certain of the risks and uncertainties that the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco (Bank, we, our, us) faces. The list is not exhaustive and there may be other risks and uncertainties that are not described below that may also affect our business. Any of these risks or uncertainties, if realized, could negatively affect our financial condition or results of operations or limit our ability to fund advances, pay dividends, or redeem or repurchase capital stock. 
 Market, Financial, and Economic Risks 
 Natural disasters, pandemics, terrorist attacks, or other catastrophic events could adversely affect our operations, business activities, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Natural disasters, widespread public health emergencies (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), terrorist attacks, civil unrest, geopolitical instability or conflicts (including the ongoing hostilities in Russia and Ukraine), trade disruptions, economic or other sanctions, or other unanticipated or catastrophic events could create economic and financial disruptions and uncertainties, which may lead to reduced demand for advances and an increased risk of credit losses for the Bank and may adversely affect its cost of funding or access to funding. While it is difficult to predict the future demand for advances, advances may remain at reduced levels or decline further if the level of liquidity in the financial markets and deposit levels at members remain elevated or if another economic downturn occurs. These events may also lead to operational difficulties that could adversely affect the ability of the Bank and the Office of Finance to conduct and manage their businesses. Any of these factors could adversely affect our business activities and results of operations. 
 In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic and related developments that have lingered continue to have negative effects on the economy and may continue to disrupt the financial and credit markets in which the Bank operates and adversely affect our operations and business activities. Despite improvements in the overall U.S. economy since the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, uncertainty remains around the pace of the recovery going forward, given concerns about virus resurgence from variants, vaccine distribution and vaccination rates, inflation, and supply chain disruptions. In addition, because of changing economic and market conditions affecting our investments, we may be required to recognize further impairments on securities held, which may result in additional provision for credit losses or write-downs on private label residential mortgage-backed securities (PLRMBS) or reduced 
 13 

Table of Contents 

comprehensive income, depending on the classification of the investment. A prolonged COVID-19 pandemic may continue to have adverse effects on our profitability and financial condition. Market volatility and economic stress during a prolonged COVID-19 pandemic may adversely affect our access to the debt markets and potentially affect our liquidity. Our decision to have all employees work remotely certain days of the week in accordance with the Bank s hybrid schedule may create additional cyber-security risks and operational challenges that could affect our ability to conduct business or increase the risk of operational incidents and errors. In addition, we rely on vendors and other third parties to perform certain critical services, and if one of our critical vendors or third parties experiences a significant failure or interruption to their business because of the COVID-19 pandemic, we may be unable to effectively conduct and manage our business. 
 Market uncertainty and volatility may adversely affect our business, profitability, or results of operations. 
 Adverse and volatile conditions in the housing, mortgage, and financial markets could result in a decrease in the availability of credit and liquidity within the mortgage industry, causing disruptions in the operations of mortgage originators, including some of our members. We continue to be subject to potential adverse effects on our financial condition, results of operations, ability to pay dividends, and ability to redeem or repurchase capital stock should economic conditions significantly deteriorate. 
 Weaknesses in the housing and mortgage markets may undermine the need for wholesale funding and have a negative impact on the demand for advances. 
 A reduction in mortgage lending or mortgage assets held by member institutions may reduce their demand for wholesale funding. This could result in a decline in advance levels and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in or limits on our ability to access the capital markets could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, or ability to fund advances, pay dividends, or redeem or repurchase capital stock. 
 Our primary source of funds is the sale of Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLBank) System consolidated obligations in the capital markets. Our ability to obtain funds through the sale of consolidated obligations depends in part on prevailing conditions in the capital markets, such as investor demand and liquidity in the financial markets. The sale of FHLBank System consolidated obligations can also be influenced by factors other than conditions in the capital markets, including legislative and regulatory developments and government programs and policies that affect the relative attractiveness of FHLBank System consolidated obligations. In addition, the level of dealer participation and support also affect liquidity in the agency debt markets. Based on these factors, the availability of funds may become limited or terms may become less acceptable. If funding access or terms are significantly adversely affected, our ability to support and continue our operations could be adversely affected, which could negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations, or ability to fund advances, pay dividends, or redeem or repurchase capital stock. 
 Changes in interest rates could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, member demand for advances, or ability to fund advances on acceptable terms, pay dividends, or redeem or repurchase capital stock. 
 We realize income primarily from the spread between interest earned on our outstanding advances and investments and interest paid on our consolidated obligations and other liabilities. Although we use various methods and procedures to monitor and manage our exposure to changes in interest rates, we may experience instances when our interest-bearing liabilities will be significantly more sensitive to changes in interest rates than our interest-earning assets, or vice versa. In either case, interest rate movements contrary to our position could negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations, our ability to pay dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock, or investor demand for consolidated obligations. During 2022 the U.S. economy continued to experience rising interest rates. The impact of changes in interest rates on mortgage-related assets can be exacerbated by prepayments, with the risk that the assets will be refinanced by the obligor in low interest rate environments and the risk that the assets will remain outstanding longer than expected at below-market yields when interest rates increase. The Federal Reserve Bank s policies directly and indirectly influence interest rates on the Bank s assets and liabilities and could 
 14 

Table of Contents 

adversely affect the demand for advances and therefore adversely impact the Bank s financial condition and results of operations. Recent efforts of the Federal Reserve Board to ease inflation, such as continued increases in policy interest rates, have contributed to volatility in the financial markets and uncertainties about the economic outlook, including concerns about a possible recession. 
 
 Changes to and replacement of the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) benchmark interest rate to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Financial services regulators and industry groups, including the United Kingdom's Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), the Alternative Reference Rates Committee (ARRC), and the International Swaps and Derivatives Association have evaluated and are continuing the phase-out of LIBOR as a benchmark interest rate. The ARRC has settled on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) as its recommended alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR. SOFR is based on a broad segment of the overnight Treasuries repurchase market and is intended to be a measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by Treasury securities. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York began publishing SOFR in April 2018. 
 On March 5, 2021, the FCA announced the dates that panel bank submissions for all LIBOR settings will cease, after which representative LIBOR rates will no longer be available. The FCA confirmed that all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative: 
 immediately after December 31, 2021, in the case of all sterling, euro, Swiss franc, and Japanese yen settings, and the 1-week and 2-month US dollar settings; and 
 immediately after June 30, 2023, in the case of the remaining U.S. dollar settings. 
 We have developed and are implementing a LIBOR Phase Out Transition Plan, to address potential LIBOR exposure, fallback language, operational and system preparedness, balance sheet management, and other related issues. Given the large volume of LIBOR-based mortgages and other LIBOR-based financial instruments in the marketplace, the ARRC has recommended spread adjustments to the replacement floating rates meant to minimize the difference between LIBOR and SOFR. Whether the net impact will be positive or negative cannot yet be ascertained. The infrastructure changes necessary to manage the transition away from LIBOR in the markets, and corresponding adjustments to our systems, could be disruptive. We are planning for our LIBOR-indexed mortgage investments to convert to SOFR. Any disruption in the market transition towards SOFR or another alternate reference rate could result in increased financial, operational, legal, or reputational risks. The impact of LIBOR transition on our business, financial condition, and results of operations cannot be fully ascertained at this time. 
 Our exposure to credit risk could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, or ability to pay dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock. 
 We assume secured and unsecured credit risk associated with the risk that a borrower or counterparty could default, and we could suffer a loss if we were not able to fully recover amounts owed to us on a timely basis. In addition, we have exposure to credit risk because the market value of an obligation may decline as a result of deterioration in the creditworthiness of the obligor or the credit quality of a security instrument. We have a high concentration of credit risk exposure to certain institutions and their affiliates. Significant credit losses or heightened focus on our credit exposure to individual members due to market events could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, reputation, results of operations, or ability to pay dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

We depend on institutional counterparties to provide credit obligations that are critical to our business. Defaults by one or more of these institutional counterparties on their obligations to the Bank could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, or ability to pay dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock. 
 We face the risk that one or more of our institutional counterparties may fail to fulfill contractual obligations to us. The primary exposures to institutional counterparty risk are with unsecured investment counterparties, derivative counterparties, custodians, mortgage servicers that service the loans we hold as collateral for advances, and third-party providers of supplemental or primary mortgage insurance for mortgage loans purchased under the Mortgage Partnership Finance (MPF Program. A default by a counterparty could result in losses to the Bank if our credit exposure to the counterparty was under-collateralized or our credit obligations to the counterparty were over-collateralized, and could also adversely affect our ability to conduct our operations efficiently and at cost-effective rates, which in turn could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, or ability to pay dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock. Mortgage Partnership Finance and MPF are registered trademarks of the FHLBank of Chicago.) 
 Insufficient collateral protection could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, or ability to pay dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock. 
 We require that all outstanding advances be fully collateralized by eligible collateral types mostly with a nexus to housing. In addition, for mortgage loans that we purchase under the MPF Program, we require that the participating financial institutions fully collateralize the outstanding credit enhancement obligations not covered through the purchase of supplemental mortgage insurance. We evaluate the types of collateral pledged by borrowers and participating financial institutions and assign borrowing capacities to the collateral based on the risks associated with each type of collateral. If we have insufficient collateral before or after an event of payment default by the borrower, or we are unable to liquidate the collateral for the value we assigned to it in the event of a payment default by a borrower, we could experience a credit loss on advances, which could adversely affect our financial condition, reputation, results of operations, or ability to pay dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock. 
 Changes in the credit ratings on FHLBank System consolidated obligations may adversely affect the cost of consolidated obligations. 
 FHLBank System consolidated obligations are rated AA+/A-1+ with a stable outlook by S P Global Ratings and Aaa/P-1 with a stable outlook by Moody s Investors Service. Rating agencies may from time to time change a rating or issue negative reports. Because all of the FHLBanks have joint and several liability for all FHLBank consolidated obligations, negative developments at any FHLBank may affect these credit ratings or result in the issuance of a negative report regardless of our own financial condition and results of operations. In addition, because of the FHLBanks GSE status, the credit ratings of the FHLBank System and the FHLBanks are generally constrained by the long-term sovereign credit rating of the United States, and any downgrade in that sovereign credit rating may result in a corresponding downgrade to the credit ratings of FHLBank System consolidated obligations. For example, downgrades to the U.S. sovereign credit rating or outlook may occur if the U.S. government fails to adequately address, based on the credit rating agencies criteria, its fiscal budget deficit or statutory debt limits (which was most recently reached in January 2023). Any adverse rating change or negative report may adversely affect our cost of funds and the FHLBanks ability to issue consolidated obligations on acceptable terms, which could also adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations or limit our ability to make advances on acceptable terms, pay dividends, or redeem or repurchase capital stock. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Under certain extreme stress conditions, we may not be able to meet our obligations as they come due or meet the credit and liquidity needs of our members in a timely and cost-effective manner. 
 We seek to be in a position to meet our members credit and liquidity needs and pay our obligations without maintaining excessive holdings of low-yielding liquid investments or having to incur unnecessarily high borrowing costs. In addition, we maintain a contingency liquidity plan designed to enable us to meet our obligations and the liquidity needs of members in the event of operational disruptions or short-term disruptions in the capital markets. Under certain extreme stress conditions, our efforts to manage our liquidity position, including our contingency liquidity plan, may not enable us to meet our obligations and the liquidity needs of our members, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or ability to pay dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock. 
 Strategic Execution Risks 
 Limitations on the payment of dividends and repurchase of excess stock may adversely affect the attractiveness of our business model to members. 
 Our business model is based on the premise that we maintain a balance between our objective to promote housing, homeownership, and community and economic development through our activities with members and our objective to provide a return on the private capital provided by our members. We achieve this balance by delivering low-cost credit to help our members meet the credit needs of their communities while striving to pay members a reasonable return on their investment in our capital stock. Our financial strategies are designed to enable us to safely expand and contract our assets, liabilities, and capital as our member base and our members credit needs change. In addition, we manage our retained earnings to ensure compliance with regulatory capital requirements in the event of significant growth in member business or in the event of significant Bank financial distress. As a result of these strategies, we have historically been able to achieve our mission by meeting member credit needs and maintaining our adequately capitalized position while paying dividends (including dividends on mandatorily redeemable capital stock) and repurchasing and redeeming excess stock. Limitations on the payment of dividends and the repurchase of excess stock may diminish the value of membership from the perspective of a member. 
 We face competition for advances and access to funding, which could adversely affect our business. 
 Our primary business is making advances to our members. We compete with other suppliers of wholesale funding, both secured and unsecured, including investment banks, commercial banks, the Federal Reserve Banks, and, in certain circumstances, other FHLBanks. Our members may have access to alternative funding sources, including independent access to deposits, along with the national and global credit markets. These alternative funding sources may offer more favorable terms than we do on our advances, including more flexible credit or collateral standards. In addition, many of our competitors are not subject to the same regulations as the FHLBanks, which may enable those competitors to offer products and terms that we are not able to offer. 
 The FHLBanks also compete with the U.S. Treasury, Federal Reserve, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and other GSEs, as well as corporate, sovereign, and supranational entities, for funds raised through the issuance of unsecured debt in the national and global debt markets. Increases in the supply of competing debt products may, in the absence of increases in demand, result in higher debt costs or lower amounts of debt issued at the same cost. Increased competition could adversely affect our ability to access funding, reduce the amount of funding available to us, or increase the cost of funding available to us. Any of these results could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, or ability to pay dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock. 
 Lowering advances pricing to our members may affect earnings. 
 A decision to lower advances prices to maintain or gain volume or increase the benefits to borrowing members could result in lower earnings, which could adversely affect the dividends on our capital stock. 
 We may increase our activity-based stock requirement in the future. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Under our capital plan, we have the authority to increase stock requirements within established ranges. Depending upon the size of our balance sheet, advance business growth potential, our regulatory capital level, and other considerations, we may increase activity-based stock requirements (i.e., the capital stock required to be owned by our members under our capital plan to support business activity with the Bank). Such increases would require members with activity-based stock outstanding to purchase additional stock in connection with their existing business. Members also would be required to purchase the new higher level of activity-based stock in connection with new business. Higher stock levels may also lead to lower return on capital stock in the future. Finally, higher activity-based stock requirements would increase the level of advances we could support while exceeding our regulatory capital requirements. 
 For more information on the Bank s capital plan and activity-based stock, see Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources Capital, and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 11 Capital . 
 We have a high concentration of advances and capital with certain institutions and their affiliates, and a loss or change of business activities with any of these institutions could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, or ability to pay dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock. 
 We have a high concentration of advances and capital with certain institutions and their affiliates. All of the institutions may prepay or repay advances as they come due. If no other advances or investments are made to replace the prepaid and repaid advances of these institutions, it would result in a significant reduction of our total assets. Mergers and acquisitions have been announced involving certain of the Bank s members, including some of the Bank s largest borrowers. If other advances are not made to replace the advances of these members, the Bank s total advances may be significantly reduced. The reduction in advances could result in a reduction of capital as the Bank repurchases the resulting excess stock, at our discretion, or redeems the excess stock after the expiration of the relevant five-year redemption period. Such a reduction in assets and capital could reduce our net income. 
 Additional information regarding concentration risk is set forth in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 5 Advances Credit and Concentration Risk. 
 The lack of long-term growth or a material and prolonged decline in advances could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, or ability to pay dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock. 
 The Bank s ability to sustainably fulfill its mission and achieve business objectives, including our ability to pay dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock, is influenced by the long-term growth in membership and advances. Although our business model is designed to enable us to safely expand and contract our assets, liabilities, and capital as our members credit needs change, a lack of long-term growth in membership and advances or a prolonged material decline in advances could affect our results of operations, financial condition, or ability to pay dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock. 
 A prolonged decline and lack of mortgage-backed securities purchases could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, or ability to pay dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock. 
 The primary source of the Bank s earnings is interest income, which includes the net accretion of related income from improvement in expected cash flows on certain PLRMBS with previous credit losses related to the prior methodology of evaluating credit losses. At the time these securities mature, the Bank may not be able to replace these securities with other mortgage-backed securities with the same or better yields, or be limited in the purchase of other mortgage-backed securities due to, among other things, regulatory guidance on the Bank s core mission assets. 
 We may become liable for all or a portion of the consolidated obligations for which other FHLBanks are the primary obligors. 
 As provided by the Federal Home Loan Bank Act of 1932, as amended (FHLBank Act), and regulations governing the operations of the FHLBanks, all FHLBanks have joint and several liability for all FHLBank consolidated 
 18 

Table of Contents 

obligations, which are backed only by the financial resources of the FHLBanks. The joint and several liability regulation authorizes the Federal Housing Finance Agency (Finance Agency) to require any FHLBank to repay all or any portion of the principal or interest on consolidated obligations for which another FHLBank is the primary obligor, whether or not the other FHLBank has defaulted in the payment of those obligations and even though the FHLBank making the repayment received none of the proceeds from the issuance of the obligations. The likelihood of triggering our joint and several liability obligation depends on many factors, including the financial condition and financial performance of the other FHLBanks. If we are required by the Finance Agency to repay the principal or interest on consolidated obligations for which another FHLBank is the primary obligor, our financial condition, results of operations, or ability to pay dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock could be adversely affected. 
 If the Bank or any other FHLBank has not paid the principal or interest due on all consolidated obligations, we may not be able to pay dividends or redeem or repurchase any shares of our capital stock. 
 If the principal or interest due on any consolidated obligations has not been paid in full or is not expected to be paid in full, we may not be able to pay dividends on our capital stock or redeem or repurchase any shares of our capital stock. If another FHLBank defaults on its obligation to pay principal or interest on any consolidated obligations, the regulations governing the operations of the FHLBanks provide that the Finance Agency may allocate outstanding principal and interest payments among one or more of the remaining FHLBanks on a pro rata basis or any other basis the Finance Agency may determine. Our ability to pay dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock could be affected not only by our own financial condition, but also by the financial condition of one or more of the other FHLBanks. 
 We could change our policies, programs, and agreements affecting our members. 
 We could change our policies, programs, and agreements affecting our members from time to time, including, without limitation, policies, programs, and agreements affecting the availability of and conditions for access to our advances and other credit products, the Affordable Housing Program (AHP), dividends, the repurchase of capital stock, and other programs, products, and services. These changes could cause our members to obtain financing from alternative sources, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, or ability to pay dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock. In addition, changes to our policies, programs, and agreements affecting our members could adversely affect the value of membership from the perspective of a member. 
 The failure of the FHLBanks to set aside, in the aggregate, at least 100 million annually for the AHP could result in an increase in our AHP contribution, which could adversely affect our results of operations or ability to pay dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock. 
 The FHLBank Act requires each FHLBank to establish and fund an AHP. Annually, the FHLBanks are required to set aside, in the aggregate, the greater of 100 million or 10 of their current year's net earnings (income before interest expense related to dividends paid on mandatorily redeemable capital stock and the assessment for the AHP) for their AHPs. If the FHLBanks do not make the minimum 100 million annual AHP contribution in a given year, we could be required to contribute more than 10 of our current year s net earnings to the AHP. An increase in our AHP contribution could adversely affect our results of operations or ability to pay dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock. 
 Operational Risks 
 We rely heavily on information systems and other technology. A failure, interruption, or security breach, including events caused by cyberattacks, of our information systems or those of critical vendors and third parties, such as the Federal Reserve Banks, could disrupt our business or adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, or reputation. 
 We rely heavily on our information systems, technology vendors, and third parties to conduct and manage our business. If we or one of our critical vendors experience a failure, interruption, or security breach in any information systems or other technology, including events caused by cyberattacks, we may be unable to conduct and manage our 
 19 

Table of Contents 

business effectively. In addition, such a failure, interruption, or security breach could result in significant losses, a loss of personal and confidential information, or reputational damage. Cyberattacks, in particular those on financial institutions and financial market infrastructures, have become more frequent, sophisticated, and difficult to detect or prevent. In the event of a breach resulting in loss of data, such as personally identifiable information or other such data protected by data privacy or other laws, we may be liable for damages, fines, and penalties for such losses under applicable regulatory frameworks despite not being able to limit our liability or damages in the event of such a loss. In addition, significant initiatives undertaken by the Bank to replace information systems or other technology infrastructures may subject the Bank to a temporary risk of failure or interruption while we are in the process of implementing these new systems or technology infrastructures. Although we have implemented a business continuity plan, we may not be able to prevent, swiftly and adequately address, or otherwise mitigate the negative effects of any failure, interruption, or breach. Any failure, interruption, or breach could adversely affect our member business, member relations, risk management, reputation, or profitability, which could then negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations, or ability to pay dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock. 
 We may fail to identify and manage risks related to a variety of aspects of our business, including operational risk, legal and compliance risk, interest-rate risk, liquidity risk, market risk, and credit risk. 
 We have adopted policies, procedures, and controls, and use systems and technology, and have an elaborate risk governance framework, designed to aid in monitoring and managing these risks. However, we cannot provide complete assurance that these controls, procedures, policies, systems, technology, and risk governance framework, are adequate to identify and manage all the risks inherent in the Bank s business, including, for example, risks that arise as a result of changes in the business. Failed or inadequate controls, risk management practices, systems, and technology, and failure to adhere to applicable policies and procedures, and the overall risk governance framework, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The inability to attract and retain skilled key personnel could adversely affect the business, workforce, and operations of the Bank. 
 We rely on key personnel and a competent workforce to manage our business and conduct our operations. Competition for key skilled personnel has been intense within the financial services industry and businesses outside the financial services industry, including the technology sector. The Bank experienced higher employee turnover and increased competition in hiring and retaining key skilled personnel in 2022, as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic brought about significant disruptions and changes to the U.S. labor market. In addition, increased remote-working opportunities have also increased competition in hiring and retaining skilled key personnel. Failure to attract and retain key skilled personnel, or to develop and implement an effective succession plan, could adversely affect the business and operations of the Bank. 
 Volatile market conditions increase the risk that our financial models will produce unreliable results. 
 We use market-based inputs in the financial models that we use to inform our operational decisions and to derive estimates for use in our financial reporting processes. While model inputs based on economic conditions and expectations are regularly evaluated and adjusted to changing conditions, sudden significant changes in these conditions may increase the risk that our models could produce unreliable results or estimates that vary widely or prove to be inaccurate. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Restrictions on the redemption, repurchase, or transfer of our capital stock could significantly reduce the liquidity of our shareholders capital stock investment. 
 Under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999, Finance Agency regulations, and our capital plan, our capital stock must be redeemed upon the expiration of the relevant five-year redemption period, subject to certain conditions. Capital stock may become subject to redemption following a five-year redemption period after a member provides a written redemption notice to the Bank; gives notice of intention to withdraw from membership; attains nonmember status by merger or acquisition, charter termination, or other involuntary membership termination; or after a receiver or other liquidating agent for a member transfers the member's Bank capital stock to a nonmember entity. Only capital stock that is not required to meet the membership capital stock requirement of a member or nonmember shareholder or to support a member or nonmember shareholder's outstanding activity with the Bank (excess stock) may be redeemed at the end of the redemption period. In addition, we may elect to repurchase some or all of the excess stock of a shareholder at any time at our sole discretion. 
 There is no guarantee, however, that we will be able to redeem capital stock held by a shareholder even at the end of the redemption period or to repurchase excess stock. If the redemption or repurchase of the capital stock would cause us to fail to meet our minimum regulatory capital requirements or cause the shareholder to fail to maintain its minimum investment requirement, then the redemption or repurchase is prohibited by Finance Agency regulations and our capital plan. In addition, since our capital stock may only be owned by our members (or, under certain circumstances, former members and certain successor institutions), and our capital plan requires our approval before a member or nonmember shareholder may transfer any of its capital stock to another member or nonmember shareholder, we cannot provide assurance that a member or nonmember shareholder would be allowed to transfer any excess stock to another member or nonmember shareholder at any time. 
 Regulatory Risks 
 Changes in federal fiscal and monetary policy could adversely affect our business or results of operations. 
 Our business and results of operations are significantly affected by the fiscal and monetary policies of the federal government and its agencies, including the Federal Reserve Board, which regulates the supply of money and credit in the United States. The Federal Reserve Board s policies directly and indirectly influence the yield on interest-earning assets and the cost of interest-bearing liabilities, and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, or ability to pay dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock. 
 We rely on derivative transactions to reduce our market risk and funding costs, and changes in our credit ratings or the credit ratings of our derivative counterparties, or changes in the legislation or the regulations affecting derivatives, may adversely affect our ability to enter into derivative transactions on cost-effective terms. 
 Our financial strategies are highly dependent on our ability to enter into derivative transactions on acceptable terms to reduce our market risk and funding costs. Rating agencies may from time to time change a rating or issue negative reports, which may adversely affect our ability to enter into derivative transactions on satisfactory terms in the quantities necessary to manage our interest rate risk and funding costs effectively. Changes in legislation or regulations affecting derivatives may also adversely affect our ability to enter into derivative transactions with acceptable counterparties on satisfactory terms. Any of these changes could negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations, or ability to make advances on acceptable terms, pay dividends, or redeem or repurchase capital stock. 
 We are affected by federal and state laws and regulations that could change or be applied in a manner detrimental to our operations, or to the ability or motivation to invest in the Bank or use our products and services. 
 The FHLBanks are GSEs, organized under the authority of and governed by the FHLBank Act, and, as such, are also governed by the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 and other federal laws and regulations. From time to time, Congress has amended the FHLBank Act and amended or enacted other 
 21 

Table of Contents 

legislation in ways that have significantly affected the FHLBanks and the manner in which the FHLBanks carry out their housing finance mission and business operations. New or modified legislation enacted by Congress or states and regulations or policies implemented by the Finance Agency could have a negative effect on our ability to conduct business or on our cost of doing business, or affect our members ability or motivation to acquire or own our capital stock or use of our products and services. In addition, new or modified legislation or regulations governing our members may affect our ability to conduct business or our cost of doing business with our members. 
 Changes in statutory or regulatory requirements or policies, or in their application, could result in changes in, among other things, the FHLBanks cost of funds, capital requirements, accounting policies, liquidity management, debt issuance, derivative hedging activities, permissible business activities, additional contributions to the Bank s AHP, membership base, membership eligibility, our members access to our products and services (including whether a member meets required tangible capital levels to access advances), and the size, scope, and nature of the FHLBanks lending, investment, and mortgage purchase program activities. These changes could negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations, ability to pay dividends, or ability to redeem or repurchase capital stock. In addition, given the Bank s relationship with other FHLBanks, events other than another FHLBank s default on a consolidated obligation can affect us. Events that affect other FHLBanks, such as member failures or capital deficiencies at another FHLBank, could lead the Finance Agency to require or request that one FHLBank provide capital or other assistance to another FHLBank, purchase assets from another FHLBank, or impose other forms of resolution affecting one or more of the other FHLBanks. If we were called upon by the Finance Agency to take any of these steps, it could affect our financial condition, results of operations, or ability to pay dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock. 
 In 2022, the Finance Agency initiated a comprehensive review of the FHLBank System. This review is expected to culminate with a written report from the Finance Agency. The expected report may include recommendations for statutory revisions, proposals for new or modified regulations, regulatory guidance under existing regulations, or other regulatory or supervisory actions consistent with the Finance Agency s statutory authority. For more details on this Finance Agency review, see Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Recent Developments - Finance Agency s Review and Analysis of the Federal Home Loan Bank System FHLBank System at 100: Focusing on the Future. 
 
 At this time, we cannot predict what actions will ultimately result from this initiative or the extent of any changes to the FHLBank System or the Bank, or the ultimate impact on the FHLBanks or the Bank in the future. Potential changes resulting from this initiative, including those relating to the FHLBanks fulfillment of their mission, membership requirements, and requirements relating to affordable housing contributions and support for community investment, will likely impact our business and operations, which may impact our financial condition. 
 Our members are governed by federal and state laws and regulations that could change in a manner detrimental to their ability or motivation to invest in the Bank or to use our products and services. 
 Most of our members are highly regulated financial institutions, and the regulatory environment in which our members operate could change in a manner that would negatively affect their ability or motivation to acquire or own our capital stock or use our products and services. Statutory or regulatory changes that make it less attractive to hold our capital stock or use our products and services could negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations, or ability to pay dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock. 
 Changes in the status, regulation, and perception of the housing GSEs or in policies and programs relating to the housing GSEs may adversely affect our business activities, future advances balances, the cost of debt issuance, or future dividend payments. 
 Changes in the status of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac during the next phases of their conservatorships may result in higher funding costs for the FHLBanks, which could negatively affect our business and financial condition. In addition, negative news articles, industry reports, and other announcements pertaining to GSEs, including Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and any of the FHLBanks, could create pressure on all GSE debt pricing, as investors may perceive that their debt instruments bear increased risk. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

As a result of these factors, the FHLBank System may have to pay higher rates on consolidated obligations to make them attractive to investors. If we maintain our current approach to pricing advances, an increase in the cost of issuing consolidated obligations could reduce our net interest spread (the difference between the interest rate received on advances and the interest rate paid on consolidated obligations) and cause our advances to be less profitable. If we increase the price of our advances to avoid a decrease in the net interest spread, the advances may be less attractive to our members, and our outstanding advances balances may decrease. In addition, an increase in the cost of issuing consolidated obligations could reduce our net interest spread on other interest-earning assets. As a result, an increase in the cost of issuing consolidated obligations could negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations, or ability to pay dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Economic weakness could adversely affect the business of many of our members and of our business and results of operations. 
 Our business and results of operations are sensitive to conditions in the housing and mortgage markets, as well as general business and economic conditions. Geopolitical instability or conflicts (including the ongoing hostilities in Russia and Ukraine), trade disruptions, or a sustained capital market correction could weaken consumer and business confidence and depress personal consumption, employment rates, and business investment. These factors could, in turn, adversely affect overall economic and housing market conditions. If economic and housing market conditions deteriorate, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. During 2022, the U.S. economy continued to experience inflation. Prolonged inflation may adversely affect overall economic conditions, and in turn result in adverse consequences to the Bank or member business and impact the Bank s financial condition, results of operation, or ability to pay dividends. Recent efforts of the Federal Reserve Board to ease inflation, such as continued increases in policy interest rates, have contributed to significant volatility in the financial markets and uncertainties about the economic outlook, including concerns about a possible recession. 
 Significant climate change events could adversely affect the members and business of our Bank, and failure to meet investor or other stakeholder expectations regarding climate change and other environmental matters may damage the reputation of the Bank. 
 The region where we operate is subject to natural disasters, including risks from floods, wild fires, drought, and other natural disasters. Climate change is increasing the frequency, intensity, and duration of these events, which could destroy or damage Bank facilities or member properties, including collateral that members have pledged to secure advances or mortgages, disrupt the business of the Bank or our members, increase the probability of power or other outages, negatively affect the livelihood of our members, or otherwise cause significant economic dislocation in disaster-affected regions. Any of these situations may adversely affect the financial condition and results of operations of the Bank. 
 There is increasing focus from investors, policymakers, regulators, and other stakeholders on climate change. Enhanced governmental, regulatory, and societal attention to climate change, including expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure on topics such as climate change, carbon emissions, water usage, waste management, and risk oversight, could expand the nature, scope, and complexity of matters that we are required to control, assess, and report. These issues and rapidly changing laws, regulations, policies, interpretations, and expectations may increase the cost of compliance and internal risk management programs for the Bank and alter the environment in which we do business, which could adversely affect the financial condition and results of operations of the Bank. In addition, the shift toward a lower-carbon economy, driven by policy regulations, low-carbon technology advancement, consumer sentiment, or liability risks, may negatively affect the Bank s or our members business models, asset valuations, and operating costs. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 Not applicable. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 The Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco (Bank) maintains its principal offices in leased premises totaling 96,139 square feet of space at 333 Bush Street in San Francisco, California. The Bank also leases 6,808 square feet of space in off-site business continuity facilities located in Rancho Cordova, California. The Bank believes these facilities are adequate for the purposes for which they are currently used and are well maintained. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco (Bank) may be subject to various legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. 
 After consultation with legal counsel, the Bank is not aware of any legal proceedings that are expected to have a material effect on its financial condition or results of operations or that are otherwise material to the Bank. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 The Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco (Bank) has a cooperative ownership structure. The members and certain nonmembers own all the capital stock of the Bank, the majority of the directors of the Bank are officers or directors of members, and the directors are elected by members (or selected by the board of directors to fill mid-term vacancies). There is no established marketplace for the Bank s capital stock. The Bank s capital stock is not publicly traded. The Bank issues only one class of capital stock, Class B stock, which, under the Bank s capital plan, may be redeemed at par value, 100 per share, upon five years notice from the member to the Bank, subject to certain statutory and regulatory requirements and to the satisfaction of any ongoing capital stock investment requirements applying to the member. 
 At the Bank s discretion and at any time, the Bank may repurchase shares held by a member in excess of the member s required capital stock holdings. The Bank s Excess Stock Repurchase, Retained Earnings, and Dividend Framework (Framework) summarizes the Bank s capital management principles and objectives, as well as its policies and practices with respect to restricted retained earnings, dividend payments, and the repurchase of excess stock. The Framework includes a dividend philosophy to endeavor to pay a quarterly dividend at an annualized rate between 5 and 7 . The decision to declare any dividend and the dividend rate are at the discretion of the Bank s board of directors, which may choose to follow the dividend philosophy as guidance in the dividend declaration. The Bank s historical dividend rates and the dividend philosophy are not indicative of future dividend declarations. The Bank s dividend policy may be revised or eliminated in the future and there can be no assurance as to future dividends. For information on the Bank s policies and practices with respect to dividend payments, see Part I. Financial Information, Item 1. Business Capital Dividends and Retained Earnings, which is herein incorporated by reference. 
 The information regarding the Bank s capital requirements is set forth in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 11 Capital. At February 28, 2023, the Bank had 37,621,520 shares of Class B stock held by 328 members and 1,798,851 shares of Class B stock held by 4 nonmembers. Class B stock held by nonmembers is classified as mandatorily redeemable capital stock. 
 Federal Housing Finance Agency (Finance Agency) rules state that Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBanks) may declare and pay dividends only from previously retained earnings or current net earnings, and may not declare or pay dividends based on projected or anticipated earnings. In addition, Finance Agency rules do not permit the Bank to pay dividends in the form of capital stock if its excess stock exceeds 1 of its total assets. Excess stock is defined as the aggregate of the capital stock held by each shareholder in excess of its minimum capital stock requirement, as established by the Bank s capital plan. 
 There is no requirement that the board of directors declare and pay any dividend. A decision by the board of directors to declare or not declare a dividend is a discretionary matter and is subject to the requirements and restrictions of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act and applicable requirements under the regulations governing the operations of the FHLBanks. 
 Additional information regarding the Bank s dividends is set forth in Item 1. Business and in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 11 Capital. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K, including statements describing the objectives, projections, estimates, or predictions of the future of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco (Bank) or the Federal Home Loan Bank System (FHLBank System), are forward-looking statements. These statements may use forward-looking terms, such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, likely, may, probable, plan, project, should, will, would, possible, or their negatives or other variations on these terms, and include statements related to, among others, gains and losses on derivatives, plans to pay dividends and redeem or repurchase excess stock, future credit losses, future classification of securities, and reform legislation. The Bank cautions that by their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk or uncertainty that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements or could affect the extent to which a particular objective, projection, estimate, or prediction is realized. These risks and uncertainties include, among others, the following: 
 changes in economic and market conditions, including inflation and rising interest rates, and conditions in the mortgage, housing, and capital markets; 
 the volatility of market prices, rates, and indices; 
 the timing and volume of market activity; 
 natural disasters, pandemics or other widespread public health emergencies, terrorist attacks, civil unrest, geopolitical instability or conflicts (including the ongoing hostilities in Russia and Ukraine), trade disruptions, economic or other sanctions, or other unanticipated or catastrophic events; 
 changes to, and replacement of, the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) benchmark interest rate, and the use and acceptance of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) and any alternative reference rate; 
 political events, including legislative, regulatory, judicial, or other developments that affect the Bank, its members, counterparties, or investors in the consolidated obligations of the Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBanks), such as the impact of any government-sponsored enterprises (GSE) legislative reforms, changes in the Federal Home Loan Bank Act of 1932, as amended (FHLBank Act), changes in applicable sections of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992, or changes in other statutes or regulations applicable to the FHLBanks; 
 changes in the Bank s capital structure and composition; 
 changes in the Bank s capital stock requirements; 
 the ability of the Bank to pay dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock; 
 membership changes, including changes resulting from mergers or changes in the principal place of business of Bank members; 
 the withdrawal of one or more large members; 
 the soundness of other financial institutions, including Bank members, nonmember borrowers, other counterparties, and the other FHLBanks; 
 changes in Bank members demand for Bank advances; 
 changes in the value or liquidity of collateral underlying advances to Bank members or nonmember borrowers or collateral pledged by the Bank s derivative counterparties; 
 changes in the fair value and economic value of, impairments of, and risks associated with the Bank s investments in mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities (MBS) or other assets and the related credit enhancement protections; 
 changes in the Bank s ability or intent to hold MBS and mortgage loans to maturity; 
 competitive forces, including the availability of other sources of funding for Bank members; 
 the willingness of the Bank s members to do business with the Bank; 
 changes in investor demand for consolidated obligations (including the terms of consolidated obligations) or the terms of interest rate exchange or similar agreements; 
 the impact of any changes and developments in FHLBank System-wide debt issuance and governance practices; 
 the ability of each of the other FHLBanks to repay the principal and interest on consolidated obligations for which it is the primary obligor and with respect to which the Bank has joint and several liability; 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 changes in key Bank personnel; 
 technology changes and enhancements, and the Bank s ability to develop and support technology and information systems sufficient to manage the risks of the Bank s business effectively (including cyber-security risks); and 
 changes in the FHLBanks long-term credit ratings. 
 Readers of this report should not rely solely on the forward-looking statements and should consider all risks and uncertainties addressed throughout this report, as well as those discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 Overview 
 Net income for 2022 was 323 million, compared with net income of 287 million for 2021. The 36 million increase in net income was primarily attributable to an increase in net interest income of 45 million and a change in other income/(loss) of 19 million, partially offset by an increase of 21 million in the Bank s provision for credit losses. 
 The 45 million increase in net interest income for 2022 was primarily attributable to higher yields on growing average balances of advances and investments (primarily Federal funds sold), which was partially offset by higher funding levels with higher interest costs and a decrease in net gains on designated fair value hedges. 
 
 The 19 million change in other income/(loss) for 2022 was primarily driven by 28 million in settlement proceeds received in 2022 from the final resolution of putback litigation, to which the Bank was not a party, involving three private-label residential mortgage-backed securities (PLRMBS) trusts, including one trust in which the Bank owns a certificate. 
 The increase of 21 million in the provision for credit losses for 2022 was largely attributable to declines in the fair values and the present value of expected cash flows of certain PLRMBS. 
 At December 31, 2022, total assets were 121.1 billion, an increase of 67.0 billion from 54.1 billion at December 31, 2021. Advances increased to 89.4 billion at December 31, 2022, from 17.0 billion at December 31, 2021, an increase of 72.4 billion, as member demand for primarily short-term advances increased. Total investments decreased by 5.5 billion, to 30.3 billion at December 31, 2022, from 35.8 billion at December 31, 2021. The decrease in investments primarily reflected declines of 8.5 billion in securities purchased under agreements to resell and 2.2 billion in mortgage-backed securities, which was partially offset by increases of 3.3 billion in U.S. Treasury securities and 2.6 billion in interest-bearing deposits to support the Bank s liquidity requirements. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Bank complied with all regulatory capital requirements. The Bank exceeded its risk-based capital requirement of 898 million with 7.8 billion in permanent capital and exceeded the 4.0 regulatory requirement with a regulatory capital ratio of 6.4 at December 31, 2022. The decline in the regulatory capital ratio from 10.9 at December 31, 2021, was mainly attributable to an increase in total assets. Total retained earnings increased to 4.0 billion as of December 31, 2022, from 3.8 billion at yearend 2021. 
 On February 22, 2023, the Bank s board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend on the average capital stock outstanding during the fourth quarter of 2022 at an annualized rate of 7.00 . The quarterly dividend rate is consistent with the Bank's dividend philosophy of endeavoring to pay a quarterly dividend at a rate between 5 and 7 annualized. The quarterly dividend will total 63 million, and the Bank expects to pay the dividend on March 10, 2023. 
 The Bank will continue to monitor its financial condition, its financial performance, its capital position, overall financial market conditions, and other relevant information as the basis for determining the payment of dividends in future quarters. 
 During 2022, the U.S. economy continued to experience inflation and interest rates began rising. Prolonged inflation may adversely affect overall economic conditions, and, in turn, result in adverse consequences for the Bank or Bank members businesses and impact the Bank s financial condition, results of operation, or ability to pay dividends. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, the level and volatility of interest rates affect, among other things, member demand for advances. For other risks and uncertainties that the Bank faces, see Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Results of Operations 
 Selected Financial Data and Financial Ratios 
 2022 2021 2020 Selected Other Data for the Year Net Interest Margin (1) 
 0.66 0.91 0.54 Return on Average Assets 0.37 0.49 0.36 Return on Average Equity 4.67 4.46 5.32 Annualized Dividend Rate 5.74 5.53 Dividend Payout Ratio (2) 
 50.17 46.95 47.39 Average Equity to Average Assets Ratio 8.02 11.00 6.69 Selected Other Data at Yearend Regulatory Capital Ratio (3) 
 6.41 10.89 8.69 Duration Gap (in months) 0.9 0.4 1.3 
 (1) Net interest margin is calculated as net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. 
 (2) This ratio is calculated as dividends per share divided by net income per share. 
 (3) This ratio is calculated as regulatory capital divided by total assets. Regulatory capital includes retained earnings, Class B capital stock, and mandatorily redeemable capital stock (which is classified as a liability), but excludes AOCI. 
 Comparison of 2022 and 2021 
 Net Interest Income. The primary source of the Bank s earnings is net interest income, which is the interest earned on advances, mortgage loans, and investments, including net accretion of related income from improvement in expected cash flows on certain PLRMBS with previous credit losses related to the prior methodology of evaluating credit losses, less interest paid on consolidated obligations, deposits, mandatorily redeemable capital stock, and other borrowings. The Average Balance Sheets table that follows presents the average balances of interest-earning asset categories and the sources that funded those interest-earning assets (liabilities and capital) for 2022 and 2021, together with the related interest income and expense. It also presents the average rates on total interest-earning assets and the average costs of total funding sources. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Average Balance Sheets 2022 2021 (Dollars in millions) Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Rate Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Rate Assets Interest-earning assets: Interest-bearing deposits 2,319 55 2.37 1,194 2 0.14 Securities purchased under agreements to resell 5,857 117 2.00 1,437 1 0.07 Federal funds sold 11,384 214 1.88 6,417 5 0.08 Trading securities: MBS 1 2.04 2 2.19 Other investments 12 2.04 2,943 61 2.08 AFS securities: (1) 
 MBS (2)(3)(4) 
 8,686 343 3.95 9,861 216 2.19 Other investments (3) 
 2,539 65 2.56 1,766 4 0.22 HTM securities: MBS 2,647 56 2.09 3,957 43 1.09 Mortgage loans held for portfolio (5) 
 875 46 5.21 1,361 42 3.10 Advances (3)(6) 
 51,527 1,226 2.38 28,492 224 0.79 Loans to other FHLBanks 9 1.48 Total interest-earning assets 85,856 2,122 2.47 57,430 598 1.04 Other assets (7) 
 436 941 Total Assets 86,292 2,122 58,371 598 Liabilities and Capital Interest-bearing liabilities: Consolidated obligations: Bonds (3) 
 34,086 715 2.10 29,085 62 0.21 Discount notes 43,531 821 1.89 21,262 13 0.06 Deposits and other borrowings 1,114 18 1.61 1,089 1 0.08 Mandatorily redeemable capital stock 5 6.57 4 5.38 Borrowings from other FHLBanks 56 1 2.01 0.07 Total interest-bearing liabilities 78,792 1,555 1.97 51,440 76 0.15 Other liabilities (7) 
 577 508 Total Liabilities 79,369 1,555 51,948 76 Total Capital 6,923 6,422 Total Liabilities and Capital 86,292 1,555 58,370 76 Net Interest Income 567 522 Net Interest Spread (8) 
 0.50 0.89 Net Interest Margin (9) 
 0.66 0.91 Interest-earning Assets/Interest-bearing Liabilities 108.97 111.64 
 (1) The average balances of AFS securities are reflected at amortized cost. As a result, the average rates do not reflect changes in fair value. 
 (2) Interest income on AFS securities includes accretion of yield adjustments on certain PLRMBS (resulting from improvement in expected cash flows) with previous credit losses related to the prior methodology of evaluating credit losses, totaling 36 million and 51 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 (3) Interest income/expense and average rates include the effect of associated interest rate exchange agreements, as follows: 
 2022 (In millions) Advances AFS Securities Consolidated Obligation Bonds Total (Amortization)/accretion of hedging activities (27) (105) (132) Net gain/(loss) on derivatives and hedged items (20) (5) 6 (19) Net interest settlements on derivatives 57 65 (100) 22 Total net interest income/(expense) 10 (45) (94) (129) 
 2021 (In millions) Advances AFS Securities Consolidated Obligation Bonds Total (Amortization)/accretion of hedging activities (22) (108) (130) Net gain/(loss) on derivatives and hedged items 2 11 13 Net interest settlements on derivatives (195) (76) 65 (206) Total net interest income/(expense) (215) (173) 65 (323) 
 (4) Interest income includes net prepayment fees received on AFS MBS of 24 million and 2 million 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (5) Nonperforming mortgage loans are included in average balances used to determine average rate. Interest income from retrospective adjustment of the effective yields was 22 million and 16 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest income includes amortization of upfront loan costs and delivery commitments of (8) million and (23) million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (6) Interest income includes net prepayment fees on advances of (9) million and 31 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (7) Includes forward settling transactions and valuation adjustments for certain cash items received/(paid). 
 (8) Net interest spread is calculated as the difference between the average rate earned on interest-earning assets and the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities. 
 (9) Net interest margin is calculated as net interest income (annualized) divided by average interest-earning assets. 
 Net interest income in 2022 was 567 million, a 9 increase from 522 million in 2021. The following table details the changes in interest income and interest expense for 2022 compared to 2021. Changes in both volume and interest rates influence changes in net interest income, net interest spread, and net interest margin. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Change in Net Interest Income: Rate/Volume Analysis 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Increase/ (Decrease) Attributable to Changes in (1) 
 (In millions) Average Volume Average Rate Interest-earning assets: Interest-bearing deposits 53 3 50 Securities purchased under agreements to resell 116 12 104 Federal funds sold 209 7 202 Trading securities: Other investments (61) (60) (1) AFS securities: MBS (2) 
 127 (28) 155 Other investments (2) 
 61 2 59 HTM securities: MBS 13 (18) 31 Mortgage loans held for portfolio 4 (19) 23 Advances (2) 
 1,002 286 716 Total interest-earning assets 1,524 185 1,339 Interest-bearing liabilities: Consolidated obligations: Bonds (2) 
 653 12 641 Discount notes 808 28 780 Deposits and other borrowings 17 17 Borrowings from other FHLBanks 1 1 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,479 41 1,438 Net interest income 45 144 (99) 
 (1) Combined rate/volume variances, a third element of the calculation, are allocated to the rate and volume variances based on their relative sizes. 
 (2) Interest income/expense and average rates include the interest effect of associated interest rate exchange agreements. 
 The net interest margin was 66 basis points for 2022, 25 basis points lower than the net interest margin for 2021, which was 91 basis points. The net interest spread was 50 basis points for 2022, 39 basis points lower than the net interest spread for 2021, which was 89 basis points. These decreases were primarily a result of an increase in costs of interest-bearing liabilities from higher funding levels and costs, which were offset by higher yields on interest-earning assets that primarily resulted from higher interest rates on growing advance balances. 
 For PLRMBS with previous credit losses related to the prior methodology of evaluating credit losses, the Bank updates its estimate of future estimated cash flows on a regular basis. If there is no additional credit loss on the security, the yield of the security is adjusted on a prospective basis and accreted into interest income based on the expected cash flows. As a result of improvements in the estimated cash flows of these securities, the net accretion of income is likely to continue to be a positive source of net interest income in future periods. 
 Member demand for wholesale funding from the Bank can vary greatly depending on a number of factors, including economic and market conditions, competition from other wholesale funding sources, member deposit inflows and outflows, the activity level of the primary and secondary mortgage markets, and strategic decisions made by individual member institutions. As a result, Bank asset levels and operating results may vary significantly from period to period. 
 Other Income/(Loss). The following table presents the components of Other Income/(Loss) for 2022 and 2021. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Other Income/(Loss) (In millions) 2022 2021 Other Income/(Loss): Net gain/(loss) on trading securities (1) 
 (57) Net gain/(loss) on advances and consolidated obligation bonds held under fair value option (65) (54) Net gain/(loss) on derivatives (9) 37 Private-label residential mortgage-backed securities trust settlement 
 28 Standby letters of credit fees 17 16 Other, net (2) 8 Total Other Income/(Loss) (31) (50) 
 (1) The net gain/(loss) on trading securities that were economically hedged totaled a de minimis amount and (57) million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Net Gain/(Loss) on Advances and Consolidated Obligation Bonds Held Under Fair Value Option The following table presents the net gain/(loss) on advances and consolidated obligation bonds held under the fair value option for 2022 and 2021. 
 Net Gain/(Loss) on Advances and Consolidated Obligation Bonds Held Under Fair Value Option (In millions) 2022 2021 Advances (119) (62) Consolidated obligation bonds 54 8 Total (65) (54) 
 Under the fair value option, the Bank elected to carry certain assets and liabilities at fair value. In general, transactions elected for the fair value option are in economic hedge relationships. Gains or losses on these transactions are generally offset by losses or gains on the derivatives that economically hedge these instruments. 
 The net gains/(losses) on advances and consolidated obligation bonds held under the fair value option were primarily driven by the effects of changes in market interest rates, interest rate spreads, interest rate volatility, and other market factors relative to the actual terms on the advances and consolidated obligation bonds during the period. 
 Additional information about advances and consolidated obligation bonds held under the fair value option is provided in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 15 Fair Value. 
 Net Gain/(Loss) on Derivatives Under the accounting guidance for derivative instruments and hedging activities, the Bank is required to carry all of its derivative instruments on the Statements of Condition at fair value. Certain derivatives are associated with assets or liabilities but do not qualify as fair value hedges under the accounting guidance for derivative instruments and hedging activities. These economic hedges are recorded on the Statements of Condition at fair value with the unrealized gain or loss recorded in earnings without any offsetting unrealized gain or loss from the associated asset or liability. 
 The following table shows the accounting classification of economic hedges and the categories of hedged items that contributed to the gains and losses on derivatives that were recorded in Net gain/(loss) on derivatives for 2022 and 2021. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Sources of Gains/(Losses) Recorded in Net Gain/(Loss) on Derivatives 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 Hedged Item Gain/(Loss) on Economic Hedges Income/ (Expense) on Economic Hedges Total Gain/(Loss) on Economic Hedges Income/ (Expense) on Economic Hedges Total Advances: Elected for fair value option 104 (14) 90 90 (38) 52 Not elected for fair value option 30 23 53 (8) 5 (3) Consolidated obligation bonds: Elected for fair value option (50) (14) (64) (5) 1 (4) Not elected for fair value option (57) (9) (66) (11) 3 (8) Consolidated obligation discount notes: Not elected for fair value option 3 (28) (25) 3 (2) 1 MBS: Not elected for fair value option 4 4 Non-MBS investments: Not elected for fair value option 39 (40) (1) Price alignment amount (1) 
 (1) (1) Total 33 (42) (9) 108 (71) 37 
 (1) This amount relates to derivatives for which variation margin on cleared derivatives is characterized as a daily settled contract. 
 During 2022, net losses on derivatives totaled 9 million compared to net gains of 37 million in 2021. These amounts included expense of 42 million and expense of 71 million resulting from net settlements on derivative instruments used in economic hedges in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Excluding the impact of income or expense from net settlements on derivative instruments used in economic hedges, the net gains or losses on economic hedges were primarily associated with the effects of changes in market interest rates, interest rate spreads, interest rate volatility, and other market factors during the period. 
 The Bank cannot predict the ongoing impact of these valuation adjustments and the effects of these valuation adjustments may lead to significant volatility in future earnings, including earnings available for dividends. 
 Additional information about derivatives and hedging activities is provided in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 14 Derivatives and Hedging Activities. 
 PLRMBS Trust Settlement One of the Bank s PLRMBS investments is held within a trust that has been the subject of litigation by the trustee since 2012. Upon final resolution of the litigation, to which the Bank was not a party, the trustee was required to transmit settlement proceeds to the trust. In the first quarter of 2022, as a result of the distribution of the settlement proceeds to the beneficial owners of the securities in the trust, including the Bank, the Bank recorded settlement proceeds of 28 million as income in 2022. The Bank recorded no settlement proceeds in 2021. 
 Affordable Housing Program. The FHLBank Act requires each FHLBank to establish and fund an AHP. Each FHLBank s AHP provides subsidies to members, who use the funds to assist in the purchase, construction, or rehabilitation of housing for households earning up to 80 of the median income for the area in which they live. Subsidies may be in the form of direct grants or below-market interest rate advances. 
 To fund the AHP, the FHLBanks must set aside, in the aggregate, the greater of 100 million or 10 of the current year's net earnings (income before interest expense related to dividends paid on mandatorily redeemable capital stock and the assessment for the AHP). To the extent that the aggregate 10 calculation is less than 100 million, the FHLBank Act requires that each FHLBank contribute such prorated sums as may be required to ensure that the aggregate contribution of the FHLBanks equals 100 million. The proration would be made on the basis of the 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 income of the FHLBanks for the previous year. In the aggregate, the FHLBanks set aside 355 million and 201 million for their AHPs in 2022 and 2021, respectively, and there was no AHP shortfall in either of those years. 
 The Bank s total AHP assessments equaled 36 million in 2022 and 32 million in 2021. 
 Return on Average Equity. ROE was 4.67 for 2022, compared to 4.46 for 2021. The increase reflected higher net income for 2022, which increased 13 to 323 million in 2022 from 287 million in 2021, which was partially offset by an increase in average equity to 6.9 billion in 2022 from 6.4 billion in 2021. 
 Dividends and Retained Earnings. In 2022, the Bank paid dividends at an annualized rate of 6.30 , totaling 161 million, including 161 million in dividends on capital stock and a de minimis amount in dividends on mandatorily redeemable capital stock. In 2021, the Bank paid dividends at an annualized rate of 5.74 , totaling 135 million, including 135 million in dividends on capital stock and a de minimis amount in dividends on mandatorily redeemable capital stock. 
 The Bank paid these dividends in cash. Dividends on capital stock are recognized as dividends on the Statements of Capital Accounts, and dividends on mandatorily redeemable capital stock are recognized as interest expense on the Statements of Income. 
 For more information, see Item 1. Business Dividends and Retained Earnings, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Capital, and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 11 Capital Excess Stock Repurchase, Retained Earnings, and Dividend Framework. 
 For a comparison of 2021 and 2020 results of operations, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations in the Bank s 2021 Form 10-K. 

Financial Condition 
 Total assets were 121.1 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 54.1 billion at December 31, 2021. Advances increased by 72.4 billion, or 425 , to 89.4 billion at December 31, 2022, from 17.0 billion at December 31, 2021. Average total assets were 86.3 billion for 2022, a 48 increase from 58.4 billion for 2021. Average advances were 51.5 billion for 2022, an 81 increase from 28.5 billion for 2021. Average MBS investments were 11.3 billion for 2022, an 18 decrease from 13.8 billion for 2021. 
 Advances outstanding at December 31, 2022, included net unrealized losses of 717 million, of which 670 million represented unrealized losses on advances hedged in accordance with the accounting for derivative instruments and hedging activities and 47 million represented unrealized losses on economically hedged advances that are carried at fair value in accordance with the fair value option. Advances outstanding at December 31, 2021, included net unrealized gains of 169 million, of which 103 million represented unrealized gains on advances hedged in accordance with the accounting for derivative instruments and hedging activities and 66 million represented unrealized gains on economically hedged advances that are carried at fair value in accordance with the fair value option. The change in the net unrealized losses on the hedged advances and advances carried at fair value from December 31, 2021, to December 31, 2022, was primarily attributable to the effects of changes in market interest rates, interest rate spreads, interest rate volatility, and other market factors relative to the terms on the Bank s advances during the period. 
 Total liabilities were 113.3 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 65.4 billion from 47.9 billion at December 31, 2021, primarily reflecting a 65.0 billion increase in consolidated obligations outstanding to 111.7 billion at December 31, 2022, from 46.7 billion at December 31, 2021. Average total liabilities were 79.4 billion for 2022, a 53 increase compared to 51.9 billion for 2021. Average consolidated obligations were 77.6 billion for 2022 and 50.3 billion for 2021. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated obligations outstanding at December 31, 2022, included net unrealized gains of 1.1 billion on consolidated obligation bonds hedged in accordance with the accounting for derivative instruments and hedging activities and unrealized gains of 52 million on economically hedged consolidated obligation bonds that are carried at fair value in accordance with the fair value option. Consolidated obligations outstanding at December 31, 2021, included net unrealized gains of 139 million on consolidated obligation bonds hedged in accordance with the accounting for derivative instruments and hedging activities and unrealized gains of 6 million on economically hedged consolidated obligation bonds that are carried at fair value in accordance with the fair value option. The change in the net unrealized gains on the hedged consolidated obligation bonds and on the consolidated obligation bonds carried at fair value from December 31, 2021, to December 31, 2022, were primarily attributable to the effects of changes in market interest rates, interest rate spreads, interest rate volatility, and other market factors relative to the actual terms on the Bank s consolidated obligation bonds during the period. 
 As provided by the FHLBank Act or regulations governing the operations of the FHLBanks, all FHLBanks have joint and several liability for all FHLBank consolidated obligations. The joint and several liability regulation authorizes the Finance Agency to require any FHLBank to repay all or a portion of the principal or interest on consolidated obligations for which another FHLBank is the primary obligor. The Bank has never been asked or required to repay the principal or interest on any consolidated obligation on behalf of another FHLBank, and as of December 31, 2022, and through the filing date of this report, does not believe that it is probable that it will be asked to do so. The par value of the outstanding consolidated obligations of the FHLBanks was 1.2 trillion at December 31, 2022, and 652.9 billion at December 31, 2021. 
 Credit Ratings. On July 14, 2022, S P Global Ratings (S P) affirmed the long-term issuer credit ratings on all of the FHLBanks at AA+. The outlook for all ratings remained stable. 
 On January 28, 2022, Moody s Investors Service (Moody s) affirmed the Aaa long-term ratings of the FHLBank System. The outlook for all ratings remained stable. 
 Changes in the long-term credit ratings of individual FHLBanks do not necessarily affect the credit rating of the consolidated obligations issued on behalf of the FHLBanks. Rating agencies may change or withdraw a rating from time to time because of various factors, including operating results or actions taken, business developments, or changes in their opinion regarding, among other factors, the general outlook for a particular industry or the economy. 
 Deposit Liabilities. All Bank deposits are uninsured. The average balances of interest-bearing demand and overnight deposits were 817 million, 925 million, and 799 million, and the weighted average interest rates paid on demand and overnight deposits were 1.38 , 0.01 , and 0.16 during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The average balances of term deposits were 32 million, 25 million, and 14 million, and the weighted average interest rates paid on term deposits were 2.86 , 0.01 , and 0.02 during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Term deposits totaling a de minimis amount and 18 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, mature in three months or less. 
 LIBOR Transition. Certain Bank assets and derivatives are indexed to LIBOR. The Bank recognizes that the impending discontinuation of LIBOR presents risks and challenges that could have an impact on the Bank s business. For information about the risks to the Bank from discontinuation of LIBOR, see Item 1A. Risk Factors. Accordingly, the Bank has established the LIBOR Transition Working Group, led by the Chief Financial Officer, and developed a LIBOR Phase Out Transition Plan (Transition Plan). Among other things, the Transition Plan identifies key strategies to manage and mitigate the risks associated with the discontinuation of LIBOR and promotes the use of robust benchmarks, like SOFR, in the Bank s financial activities. In addition, the Transition Plan prohibits new LIBOR transactions, consistent with the limits set by the Finance Agency s Supervisory Letter issued on September 27, 2019. The Transition Plan states that the Bank s Asset and Liability Management Committee has primary responsibility for driving the transition from LIBOR to SOFR and that the Bank s Business 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Development Committee is responsible for advance product development to facilitate Bank members transition from LIBOR to an alternative index. 
 On October 21, 2020, the Finance Agency issued a Supervisory Letter to the FHLBanks that required each FHLBank to adhere to the Fallbacks Protocol (Protocol) by December 31, 2020, and, to the extent necessary, to amend any bilateral agreements regarding the adoption of the Protocol by December 15, 2020. On October 23, 2020, International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) launched the Supplement to the 2006 ISDA Definitions (Supplement) and the ISDA 2020 Interbank Offered Rate (IBOR) Protocol. Both the Supplement and the Protocol took effect on January 25, 2021. As part of its LIBOR transition efforts, the Bank and all of its uncleared derivatives counterparties have adhered to the Protocol. On January 25, 2021, all of the Bank s outstanding legacy bilateral derivative transactions that referenced a covered IBOR, including U.S. dollar LIBOR, were amended to apply the new ISDA-recommended IBOR fallbacks in the event of the relevant IBOR s cessation. 
 On March 5, 2021, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) further announced that LIBOR will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative immediately after June 30, 2023, in the case of the remaining U.S. dollar LIBOR settings. 
 Although the FCA does not expect LIBOR to become unrepresentative before the applicable cessation date and intends to consult on requiring the administrator of LIBOR to continue publishing LIBOR of certain currencies and tenors on a non-representative, synthetic basis for a period after the applicable cessation date, there is no assurance that LIBOR, of any particular currency or tenor, will continue to be published or be representative through any particular date. The FCA s announcements constitutes an index cessation event under the Protocol and Supplement, and as a result, the fallbacks spread adjustment for each tenor was fixed as of the date of the announcement. 
 On March 15, 2022, the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act was signed into law. On a nationwide basis, the legislation provides a statutory fallback mechanism to replace LIBOR with a benchmark rate, selected by the Federal Reserve Board and based on SOFR, including any applicable tenor spread adjustment, for certain contracts that reference LIBOR and contain no fallback provisions or insufficient fallback provisions. On December 16, 2022, the Federal Reserve Board finalized rules to implement the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act by identifying specific benchmark rates based on SOFR that will replace LIBOR in certain financial contracts after June 30, 2023. The final rule provides default rules for certain contracts (covered contracts) that: reference LIBOR, are governed by U.S. law, do not mature on or before the LIBOR replacement date, and lack adequate provisions to identify a replacement rate for LIBOR. The final rule identifies separate Board-selected replacement rates for derivatives transactions, covered GSE contracts, and all other covered contracts. The final rule defines covered GSE contracts to include FHLBank advances and will become effective 30 days after publication in the Federal Register . 
 The following tables present LIBOR-indexed variable rate financial instruments for LIBOR tenors that cease or will no longer be representative immediately after June 30, 2023, by due date or termination date at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 LIBOR-Indexed Financial Instruments December 31, 2022 (In millions) Due/Terminates through June 30, 2023 Due/Terminates thereafter Total Assets indexed to LIBOR: Unpaid principal balance of MBS by contractual maturity (1) 
 5 2,953 2,958 Notional amount of receive leg LIBOR interest rate swaps by termination date Cleared 303 182 485 Uncleared 19 19 Total 327 3,135 3,462 Notional amount of pay leg LIBOR interest rate swaps by termination date - Cleared 50 5 55 
 December 31, 2021 (In millions) Due/Terminates in 2022 Due/Terminates through June 30, 2023 Due/Terminates thereafter Total Assets indexed to LIBOR: Par value of advances by redemption term 250 10 260 Unpaid principal balance of MBS by contractual maturity (1) 
 12 4,098 4,110 Notional amount of receive leg LIBOR interest rate swaps by termination date Cleared 517 309 562 1,388 Uncleared 112 23 10 145 Total 879 344 4,680 5,903 Notional amount of pay leg LIBOR interest rate swaps by termination date Cleared 210 52 40 302 Uncleared 35 35 Total 245 52 40 337 
 (1) Certain MBS with multiple indices where LIBOR is the majority index are included in this amount . 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were no interest rate caps and floors indexed to LIBOR. At December 31, 2021, interest rate caps and floors indexed to LIBOR totaled 550 million. 
 All adjustable rate consolidated obligation bonds are indexed to SOFR, totaling 49.0 billion at December 31, 2022, and 5.6 billion at December 31, 2021. 
 For more information on LIBOR-indexed advances, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition Segment Information Advances-Related Business. For more information on LIBOR-indexed investments and derivatives, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Segment Information 
 The Bank uses an analysis of financial results based on the financial components and adjusted net interest income of two operating segments, the advances-related business and the mortgage-related business, as well as other financial information, to review and assess financial performance and determine financial management strategies related to the operations of these two business segments. For purposes of segment reporting, adjusted net interest income includes income and expense associated with net settlements from economic hedges that are recorded in Net gain/(loss) on derivatives in other income/(loss), excludes interest income and expense associated with changes in fair value of the derivative hedging instrument and the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk for designated fair value hedges that are recorded in net interest income, and excludes interest expense that is recorded in Mandatorily redeemable capital stock. Affordable Housing Program (AHP) assessments are not included in the segment reporting analysis but are incorporated into the Bank s overall assessment of financial performance. For a reconciliation of the Bank s operating segment adjusted net interest income to the Bank s total net interest income, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 13 Segment Information. 
 Advances-Related Business. The advances-related business consists of advances and other credit products, related financing and hedging instruments, liquidity and other non-MBS investments associated with the Bank s role as a liquidity provider, and capital. Assets associated with this segment increased 69.2 billion to 109.3 billion (90 of total assets) at December 31, 2022, from 40.1 billion (74 of total assets) at December 31, 2021. 
 Adjusted net interest income for this segment is derived primarily from the difference, or spread, between the yield on advances and non-MBS investments and the cost of the consolidated obligations funding these assets, including the net settlements from associated interest rate exchange agreements, and from earnings attributed to the Bank s capital stock and retained earnings. 
 Adjusted net interest income for this segment was 292 million in 2022, an increase of 94 million, or 47 , compared to 198 million in 2021. This increase was primarily a result of an improvement in spreads on advances-related assets and higher balances of advances and other credit products, partially offset by a decrease of 40 million in net advance prepayment fee income. 
 Adjusted net interest income for this segment represented 56 and 43 of total adjusted net interest income for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Advances The par value of advances outstanding increased by 73.2 billion, or 434 , to 90.1 billion at December 31, 2022, from 16.9 billion at December 31, 2021. Average advances outstanding were 51.5 billion for 2022, an 81 increase from 28.5 billion for 2021. Outstanding balances of advances may significantly increase and decrease from period to period because of a member s liquidity and financial strategies; therefore, yearend balances may vary significantly from average balances for the year. 
 The Bank had a high concentration of advances and capital with certain institutions and their affiliates. Advances outstanding to the Bank s top 10 borrowers and their affiliates increased by 53.2 billion to 63.9 billion, or 71 of total advances outstanding at December 31, 2022, from 10.7 billion, or 63 of total advances outstanding at December 31, 2021. (See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 5 Advances Concentration Risk for further information.) Silicon Valley Bank is the Bank s largest borrower and held 15.0 billion, or 17 of the Bank s advances outstanding at December 31, 2022. Silicon Valley Bank had no advances outstanding at December 31, 2021. 
 Several acquisitions involving large regional financial institutions in the Bank s district have been announced or completed, potentially reducing the opportunity to grow advances, for advances to be prepaid or renewed when due, or to replace the advances from these large regional financial institutions with other advances. On December 20, 2021, it was announced that BMO Harris, a nonmember, entered into an agreement to acquire Bank of the West, and on February 1, 2023, BMO Harris announced its completion of this acquisition. Bank of the West held 4.3 billion of the Bank s total advances at December 31, 2022. This advances balance may be reduced in subsequent quarters. Bank of the West held no advances at the Bank at December 31, 2021. On October 19, 2022, it was 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 announced that U.S. Bancorp, a nonmember, received all regulatory approvals to acquire MUFG Union Bank, National Association (Union Bank), and on December 1, 2022, U.S. Bancorp announced that it completed its acquisition of Union Bank. Union Bank held 4.3 billion and 2.1 billion of the Bank s advances at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. If Bank of the West and Union Bank are no longer a member of the Bank or any successor does not become a member of the Bank, and if no other advances are made to replace Bank of the West s and Union Bank s outstanding advances, the Bank s total advances may be significantly reduced due to the loss of significant members. 
 At March 1, 2023, Silvergate Bank had no advances outstanding from the Bank, a reduction of 4.3 billion from yearend 2022. 
 The Bank has a significant long-term funding arrangement with a borrower that had advances outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and the borrower may further contribute to the level of outstanding advances in the future. 
 The following table presents the advances portfolio at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Advances Portfolio by Product Type 2022 2021 (Dollars in millions) Par Value Percentage of Total Par Value Par Value Percentage of Total Par Value Adjustable LIBOR 250 1 Adjustable SOFR 2,690 3 Adjustable SOFR, callable at borrower s option 9,500 11 Subtotal adjustable rate advances 12,190 14 250 1 Fixed 45,471 50 4,765 28 Fixed amortizing 60 69 Fixed with PPS (1) 
 965 1 1,406 9 Fixed with FPS (1) 
 18,035 20 8,957 54 Fixed with caps and PPS (1) 
 10 Fixed callable at borrower s option with FPS (1) 
 340 70 Fixed putable at Bank s option 200 1 Fixed putable at Bank s option with FPS (1) 
 800 1 Fixed putable at Bank s option with PPS (1) 
 20 Subtotal fixed rate advances 65,671 72 15,497 92 Daily variable rate 12,256 14 1,111 7 Total par value 90,117 100 16,858 100 
 (1) Partial prepayment symmetry (PPS) and full prepayment symmetry (FPS) are product features under which the Bank may charge the borrower a prepayment fee or pay the borrower a prepayment credit, depending on certain circumstances, such as movements in interest rates, when the advance is prepaid. In November 2018, the Bank discontinued offering advances with PPS, and any prepayment credit on an advance with PPS would be limited to the lesser of 10 of the par value of the advance or the gain recognized on the termination of the associated interest rate swap, which may also include a similar contractual gain limitation. 
 The types of advances by redemption term at December 31, 2022 and 2021, are presented in the following table. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Types of Advances by Redemption Term 2022 2021 (Dollars in millions) Par Value Percentage of Total Par Value Par Value Percentage of Total Par Value Fixed: Within 1 year 47,607 54 2,741 17 After 1 year through 3 years 10,428 12 5,770 34 After 3 years through 5 years 5,598 6 5,671 34 After 5 years through 15 years 827 1 946 6 Thereafter 10 10 Subtotal fixed rate advances 64,470 73 15,138 91 Fixed callable at borrower s option: After 1 year through 3 years 50 After 5 years through 15 years 340 20 Subtotal fixed callable at borrower s option advances 340 70 Fixed putable: After 1 year through 3 years 200 After 3 years through 5 years 600 1 After 5 years through 15 years 220 1 Subtotal fixed rate putable advances 800 1 220 1 Fixed amortizing: Within 1 year 14 27 After 1 year through 3 years 27 16 After 3 years through 5 years 8 10 After 5 years through 15 years 12 16 Subtotal fixed amortizing advances 61 69 Adjustable and variable: Within 1 year 13,929 15 1,361 8 After 1 year through 3 years 1,015 1 Subtotal adjustable and variable rate advances 14,944 16 1,361 8 Adjustable callable at borrower s option: Within 1 year 9,500 10 Subtotal adjustable callable at borrower s option advances 9,500 10 Overdrawn and overnight deposit accounts 2 Total par value 90,117 100 16,858 100 
 The Bank had no exposure to LIBOR-indexed advances at December 31, 2022. The following table presents the par value of LIBOR-indexed advances for LIBOR tenors that cease or will no longer be representative immediately after June 30, 2023, by redemption term at December 31, 2021. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 LIBOR-Indexed Advances by Redemption Term (In millions) Par Value Redemption Term 2021 Due in 2022 250 Due after June 30, 2023 (1) 
 10 Total LIBOR-Indexed Advances (2) 
 260 
 (1) For more information on the Bank s Transition Plan, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition. 
 (2) Total LIBOR-indexed advances include fixed rate advances with caps and PPS. 
 For a discussion of advances credit risk, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Credit Risk Advances. 
 Non-MBS Investments The Bank s non-MBS investment portfolio consists of financial instruments that are used primarily to facilitate the Bank s role as a cost-effective provider of credit and liquidity to members and to support the operations of the Bank. The Bank s total non-MBS investment portfolio was 19.4 billion and 22.7 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Interest rate payment terms for non-MBS investments classified as trading and AFS at December 31, 2022 and 2021, are detailed in the following table: 
 Non-MBS Investments: Interest Rate Payment Terms (In millions) 2022 2021 Fair value of fixed rate trading securities 250 Amortized cost of AFS securities 4,012 503 
 Borrowings Total liabilities (primarily consolidated obligations) funding the advances-related business increased to 101.6 billion at December 31, 2022, from 33.8 billion at December 31, 2021. For further information and discussion of the Bank s joint and several liability for FHLBank consolidated obligations, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies. 
 To meet the specific needs of certain investors, fixed and adjustable rate consolidated obligation bonds may contain embedded call options or other features that result in complex coupon payment terms. When these types of consolidated obligation bonds are issued on behalf of the Bank, the Bank typically enters into interest rate exchange agreements with features that offset the complex features of the bonds to convert the bonds to adjustable rate instruments. For example, the Bank may issue fixed rate callable bonds and simultaneously execute an interest rate exchange agreement with call features to offset the call options embedded in the callable bonds. 
 At December 31, 2022, the notional amount of interest rate exchange agreements associated with the advances-related business totaled 100.3 billion, of which 48.0 billion were hedging advances, 46.7 billion were hedging consolidated obligations, 4.3 billion were hedging non-MBS investments, and 1.3 billion were offsetting derivatives. At December 31, 2021, the notional amount of interest rate exchange agreements associated with the advances-related business totaled 48.0 billion, of which 15.8 billion were hedging advances, 24.3 billion were hedging consolidated obligations, 0.8 billion were hedging non-MBS investments, and 7.1 billion were offsetting derivatives. The hedges associated with advances and consolidated obligations were primarily used to convert the fixed rate cash flows of the advances and consolidated obligations to adjustable rate cash flows or to manage the interest rate sensitivity and net repricing gaps of assets, liabilities, and interest rate exchange agreements. 
 FHLBank System consolidated obligation bonds and discount notes, along with similar debt securities issued by other GSEs such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, are generally referred to as agency debt. The costs of debt issued by the FHLBanks and the other GSEs generally rise and fall with increases and decreases in general market interest rates. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 The current range of the Federal funds rate, established by the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC), is 4.25 to 4.50 . At its February 2023 meeting, the FOMC raised the target range of the Federal funds rate by 0.25 , to 4.50 to 4.75 , anticipating that ongoing increases in the target range will be appropriate. Interest rate changes have and are expected to continue to increase the volatility of reported earnings. In addition, the FOMC is expected to continue reducing its holdings of U.S. Treasury securities, agency debt, and agency MBS to reduce the size of the Federal Reserve s balance sheet. The following table presents a comparison of selected market interest rates as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Selected Market Interest Rates Market Instrument 2022 2021 Federal Reserve target range for overnight Federal funds 4.25-4.50 0.00-0.25 Secured Overnight Financing Rate 4.30 0.05 3-month Treasury bill 4.34 0.04 2-year Treasury note 4.43 0.73 5-year Treasury note 4.01 1.26 
 
 Mortgage-Related Business. The mortgage-related business consists of MBS investments, mortgage loans acquired through the Mortgage Partnership Finance (MPF Program, and the related financing and hedging instruments. Mortgage Partnership Finance and MPF are registered trademarks of the FHLBank of Chicago.) Adjusted net interest income for this segment is derived primarily from the difference, or spread, between the yield on the MBS investments and mortgage loans and the cost of the consolidated obligations funding those assets, including the net settlements from associated interest rate exchange agreements. Assets associated with this segment were 11.7 billion (10 of total assets) at December 31, 2022, and 14.1 billion at December 31, 2021 (26 of total assets). 
 Adjusted net interest income for this segment was 233 million in 2022, a decrease of 25 million, or 10 , from 258 million in 2021. This decrease was primarily a result of lower earnings from lower balances of mortgage-related products and current expected credit losses, partially offset by an increase in net prepayment fee income on AFS MBS and an improvement in retrospective adjustment of the effective yields on mortgage loans. 
 Adjusted net interest income for this segment represented 44 and 57 of total adjusted net interest income for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 MBS Investments The Bank s MBS portfolio was 10.9 billion at December 31, 2022, compared with 13.0 billion at December 31, 2021. During 2022, the Bank s MBS portfolio decreased as a result of 1.8 billion in principal repayments, a 1.0 billion decrease in basis adjustments, and 365 million of fair value losses, partially offset by 1.0 billion in purchases. Average MBS investments were 11.3 billion in 2022, a decrease of 2.5 billion from 13.8 billion in 2021. For a discussion of the composition of the Bank s MBS portfolio, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Credit Risk Investments. 
 Interest rate payment terms for MBS classified as trading, AFS, and held-to-maturity (HTM) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, are shown in the following table: 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 MBS: Interest Rate Payment Terms (In millions) 2022 2021 Fair value of trading securities: Adjustable rate 1 2 Total trading securities 1 2 Amortized cost of AFS securities: Fixed rate 7,881 8,423 Adjustable rate 864 1,083 Total AFS securities 8,745 9,506 Amortized cost of HTM securities: Fixed rate 265 403 Adjustable rate 1,916 2,808 Total HTM securities 2,181 3,211 
 MPF Program Under the MPF Program, the Bank purchased from members, for its own portfolio, conventional conforming fixed rate mortgage loans under the MPF Original product. Participating members originated or purchased mortgage loans, credit-enhanced them and sold them to the Bank, and generally retained the servicing of the loans. In addition, the Bank facilitated the purchase of conforming fixed rate mortgage loans from members for concurrent sale to Fannie Mae under the MPF Xtra product. When members sold loans under the MPF Xtra product, the loans were sold to a third-party investor and were not recorded on the Bank s Statements of Condition. Unlike with conventional MPF products held for portfolio, participating members are not required to provide credit enhancement and do not receive credit enhancement fees under the MPF Xtra product. On December 17, 2020, the Bank announced that it would no longer offer new commitments to directly purchase, or to facilitate the purchase of, mortgage loans from its members. On March 31, 2021, the Bank closed all remaining open commitments to purchase mortgage loans for its own portfolio under the MPF Original product, and by June 30, 2021, the Bank no longer facilitated the purchase of mortgage loans under the MPF Xtra product. 
 As of December 31, 2022, all mortgage loans purchased by the Bank under the MPF Program were qualifying conventional conforming fixed rate, first lien mortgage loans with fully amortizing original loan terms of up to 30 years. A conventional loan is one that is not insured by the federal government or any of its agencies. Conforming loan size, which is established annually as required by Finance Agency regulations, may not exceed the loan limits set by the Finance Agency each year. All MPF loans are secured by owner-occupied, one- to four-unit residential properties or single-unit second homes. 
 Mortgage loan balances decreased to 815 million at December 31, 2022, from 980 million at December 31, 2021, a decrease of 165 million. Average mortgage loans were 875 million in 2022, a decrease of 486 million from 1.4 billion in 2021. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank held conventional conforming fixed rate mortgage loans purchased under one of two MPF products, MPF Plus or MPF Original, which are described in greater detail in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Credit Risk MPF Program. Mortgage loan balances at December 31, 2022 and 2021, were as follows: 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Mortgage Loan Balances by MPF Product Type (In millions) 2022 2021 MPF Plus 85 106 MPF Original 690 848 Subtotal 775 954 Unamortized premiums 43 28 Unamortized discounts (2) (1) Mortgage loans held for portfolio 816 981 Less: Allowance for credit losses (1) (1) Mortgage loans held for portfolio, net 815 980 
 Mortgage loan balances by redemption term at December 31, 2022, were as follows: 
 Mortgage Loan Balances by Redemption Term (In millions) 2022 Within 1 year 27 After 1 year through 5 years 116 After 5 years through 15 years 297 Thereafter 335 Total unpaid principal balance 775 
 The following table presents the balances of loans wholly owned by the Bank and loans with allocated participation interests that were outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Only the FHLBank of Chicago owned participation interests in any of the Bank s MPF loans. 
 Balances Outstanding on Mortgage Loans (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 Outstanding amounts wholly owned by the Bank 747 921 Outstanding amounts with participation interests by FHLBank: San Francisco 28 34 Chicago 20 25 Total 795 980 Number of loans outstanding: Number of outstanding loans wholly owned by the Bank 2,591 3,011 Number of outstanding loans participated 628 719 Total number of loans outstanding 3,219 3,730 
 Under the Bank s agreement with the FHLBank of Chicago, the credit risk is shared pro rata between the two FHLBanks according to: (i) their respective ownership of the loans in each master commitment for MPF Plus and (ii) their respective participation shares of the first loss account for the master commitment for MPF Original. The Bank is responsible for credit oversight of the participating financial institution, which consists of monitoring the financial condition of the participating financial institution on a quarterly basis and holding collateral to secure the participating financial institution s outstanding credit enhancement obligations. Monitoring of the participating financial institution s financial condition includes an evaluation of its capital, assets, management, earnings, and liquidity. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 The Bank performs periodic reviews of its mortgage loan portfolio to identify probable credit losses in the portfolio and to determine the likelihood of collection on the loans in the portfolio. For more information on the Bank s mortgage loan portfolio, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 6 Mortgage Loans Held for Portfolio, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Credit Risk MPF Program. 
 Borrowings Total consolidated obligations funding the mortgage-related business decreased 2.4 billion to 11.7 billion at December 31, 2022, from 14.1 billion at December 31, 2021. For further information and discussion of the Bank s joint and several liability for FHLBank consolidated obligations, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies. 
 The notional amount of derivative instruments associated with the mortgage-related business totaled 16.5 billion at December 31, 2022, of which 8.2 billion were associated with MBS, 8.3 billion were hedging or were associated with consolidated obligations funding the mortgage portfolio, and 36 million were offsetting derivatives. The notional amount of derivative instruments associated with the mortgage-related business totaled 15.6 billion at December 31, 2021, of which 8.0 billion were associated with MBS and 7.6 billion were hedging or were associated with consolidated obligations funding the mortgage portfolio. 
 For information on the Bank s management of interest rate risk and market risk related to the mortgage-related business segment, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Market Risk. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The Bank s financial strategies are designed to enable the Bank to expand and contract its assets, liabilities, and capital as membership composition and member credit needs change. The Bank s liquidity and capital resources are designed to support its financial strategies. The Bank s primary source of liquidity is its access to the debt capital markets through consolidated obligation issuance, which is described in Item 1. Business Funding Sources. The Bank s status as a GSE is critical to maintaining its access to the capital markets. Although consolidated obligations are backed only by the financial resources of the FHLBanks and are not guaranteed by the U.S. government, the capital markets have traditionally treated the FHLBanks consolidated obligations as comparable to federal agency debt, providing the FHLBanks with access to funding at relatively favorable rates. The maintenance of the Bank s capital resources is governed by its capital plan. 
 Liquidity 
 The Bank seeks to maintain the liquidity necessary to repay maturing consolidated obligations for which it is the primary obligor, meet other obligations and commitments, and meet expected and unexpected member credit demands. The Bank monitors its financial position to maintain ready access to available funds to meet normal transaction requirements, take advantage of appropriate investment opportunities, and manage unforeseen liquidity demands. 
 The Bank is also able to contract its balance sheet as borrowers credit needs decrease. As changing borrower credit needs result in reduced advances, borrowers will have capital stock in excess of the amount required by the Bank s capital plan. The Bank s capital plan allows the Bank to repurchase a borrower s excess stock, including mandatorily redeemable capital stock, at the Bank s discretion, subject to certain statutory and regulatory requirements and the Bank s Risk Management Policy, Capital Plan, and the Framework. Surplus capital stock is defined as any stock holdings in excess of 115 of a member s minimum stock requirement. The Bank may also allow its consolidated obligations to mature without replacement or repurchase and retire outstanding consolidated obligations, allowing its balance sheet to contract. 
 The Bank is not able to predict future trends in member credit needs since they are driven by complex interactions among a number of factors, including members mortgage loan growth, other asset portfolio growth, deposit 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 growth, and the attractiveness of advances compared to other wholesale borrowing alternatives. The Bank regularly monitors current trends and anticipates future debt issuance needs with the objective of being prepared to fund its members credit needs and appropriate investment opportunities. 
 Short-term liquidity management practices are described in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Liquidity Risk. The Bank manages its liquidity needs to enable it to meet all of its contractual obligations on a timely basis, to support its members daily liquidity needs, and to pay operating expenditures as they come due. At December 31, 2022, the Bank s contractual obligations on operating leases were 46 million due through 2027 and 33 million due thereafter. 
 The Bank maintains contingency liquidity plans to meet its obligations and the liquidity needs of members in the event of short-term operational disruptions at the Bank or the Office of Finance or short-term disruptions of the capital markets. For further information and discussion of the Bank s joint and several liability for FHLBank consolidated obligations, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies. Additional information with respect to the Bank s consolidated obligations is presented in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 8 Consolidated Obligations and Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies. 
 In addition, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 11 Capital includes a discussion of the Bank s mandatorily redeemable capital stock, and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 12 Employee Retirement Plans and Incentive Compensation Plans includes a discussion of the Bank s retirement plans and related expenses and commitments. 
 The Bank enters into derivative financial instruments, which create contractual obligations, as part of the Bank s market risk management. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 14 Derivatives and Hedging Activities includes additional information regarding derivative financial instruments. 
 Capital 
 The Bank s ability to expand as member credit needs increase is based, in part, on the capital stock requirements for advances. A member is required to maintain sufficient capital stock to support its advances and letters of credit activity with the Bank. Unless a member already has sufficient excess stock, it must increase its capital stock investment in the Bank as its balance of outstanding advances increases. Under the Bank s capital plan, the Bank may also require a member to purchase capital stock for mortgage loans purchased and held by the Bank. The activity-based capital stock requirement is currently 2.7 for outstanding advances, 0.1 of notional balances for outstanding letters of credit, and 0.0 for mortgage loans purchased and held by the Bank. The Bank s minimum regulatory capital-to-assets ratio requirement is currently 4.0 ; therefore, the Bank maintains a certain required level of retained earnings to support capital compliance and business growth. For more information, see Item 1. Business Dividends and Retained Earnings and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 11 Capital Excess Stock Repurchase, Retained Earnings, and Dividend Framework. Because the Bank s capital plan does not provide for the issuance of Class A stock (non-permanent capital that is redeemable upon six months notice), regulatory capital for the Bank is composed of retained earnings and Class B stock, including mandatorily redeemable capital stock (which is classified as a liability for financial reporting purposes), and excludes AOCI. 
 Retained Earnings The Bank s Excess Stock Repurchase, Retained Earnings, and Dividend Framework (Framework) assesses the level and adequacy of retained earnings and establishes amounts to be retained in restricted retained earnings, which are not made available in the current dividend period, and maintains an amount of total retained earnings at least equal to its required retained earnings as described in the Framework. As determined using the Bank s methodology, the required level of total retained earnings had ranged from 1.5 billion to 2.9 billion during 2021 and 2022. The methodology may be revised from time to time, and the required level of required retained earnings under the methodology may change due to updating data and assumptions used in the methodology. In January 2022, the required level of retained earnings was increased from 1.5 billion to 1.7 billion. The Bank satisfies its retained earnings requirement with both restricted retained earnings (i.e., amounts related to the Joint Capital Enhancement (JCE) Agreement) and unrestricted retained earnings. The Bank s retained 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 earnings requirement may be changed at any time. The board of directors periodically reviews the retained earnings methodology and analysis to determine whether any adjustments are appropriate. 
 The JCE Agreement is intended to enhance the capital position of each FHLBank. In accordance with the JCE Agreement, each FHLBank is required to reclassify an amount equal to 20 of its net income each quarter to a separate restricted retained earnings account until the balance of the account, calculated as of the last day of each calendar quarter, equals at least 1 of that FHLBank's average balance of outstanding consolidated obligations for the calendar quarter. Under the JCE Agreement, these restricted retained earnings will not be available to pay dividends. With the decline in consolidated obligations outstanding in 2020, the Bank ceased contributions to restricted retained earnings in the fourth quarter of 2020, in accordance with the JCE Agreement; and no further reclassifications of net income into restricted retained earnings are required until such time as the reclassification requirement exceeds the balance of restricted retained earnings. Additionally, the JCE Agreement provides that amounts in restricted retained earnings in excess of 150 of the Bank s restricted retained earnings minimum (i.e., 1 of the Bank s total consolidated obligations calculated as of the last day of each calendar quarter) may be released from restricted retained earnings. As a result of the Bank exceeding this threshold, the Bank reclassified 16 million from restricted retained earnings to unrestricted retained earnings during 2022. As a result of increased consolidated obligations during the third quarter of 2022, the Bank resumed reclassifying an amount equal to 20 of net income into restricted retained earnings in accordance with the JCE Agreement . Total restricted retained earnings were 732 million and 708 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Excess Stock The Bank s practice is to repurchase the surplus capital stock of all members and the excess stock of all former members on a daily schedule. The Bank calculates the amount of stock to be repurchased each business day based on the shareholder s capital stock outstanding after all stock transactions are completed for the day, ensuring that each member and former member would continue to meet its minimum capital stock requirement after the repurchase. The Bank may change this practice at any time. 
 A member may schedule redemption of its excess stock following a five-year redemption period, subject to certain conditions, by providing a written redemption notice to the Bank. Capital stock may also become subject to redemption following a five-year redemption period after a member gives notice of intention to withdraw from membership or attains nonmember status by merger or acquisition, charter termination, or other involuntary membership termination, or after a receiver or other liquidating agent for a member transfers the member s Bank capital stock to a nonmember entity. Capital stock required to meet a withdrawing member s membership capital stock requirement may only be redeemed at the end of the five-year redemption period, subject to statutory and regulatory limits and other conditions. 
 The Bank remained adequately capitalized while repurchasing 5.0 billion and 1.6 billion in excess stock during 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Bank is required to redeem any mandatorily redeemable capital stock that is in excess of a former member s minimum stock requirement on or after the expiration of the five-year redemption date. During 2022 and 2021, the Bank redeemed a de minimis amount and 1 million, respectively, in mandatorily redeemable capital stock for which the five-year redemption period had expired at its 100 par value. The stock was redeemed on the scheduled redemption dates or, for stock that was not excess stock on its scheduled redemption date because of outstanding activity with the Bank, on the first available repurchase date after the stock was no longer required to support outstanding activity with the Bank. Total excess stock was 157 million as of December 31, 2022, compared to 120 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 The Bank will continue to monitor its financial condition, its financial performance, its capital position, overall financial market conditions, and other relevant information as the basis for determining the repurchase of excess stock in future quarters. 
 On July 29, 2022, the Bank s board of directors approved proposed amendments to the Bank s capital plan that are subject to review and approval by the Finance Agency. 
 The proposed amendments include the following substantive changes: 
 The formula for calculating the Membership Stock Requirement will use a percentage of a member s total assets (as determined by the Bank), rather than a percentage of a member s individual Membership Asset 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Value, as provided in the Bank s current Plan. The proposed amendments provide that the Membership Stock Requirement will be 0.36 of a member s total assets, with each member s Membership Stock Requirement subject to a cap equal to 15 million (which remains unchanged), as provided in the current Plan, and may be adjusted by the Bank s board of directors to an amount within a range of 0.05 to 1.00 of total assets. 
 
 Permits (but does not require) the Bank s board of directors to authorize the issuance of two subclasses of its Class B Stock: Class B-1 Stock and Class B-2 Stock. The Bank does not currently plan to authorize the conversion of Class B Stock into Class B-1 Stock and Class B-2 Stock but may do so at a future date. If the Bank s board of directors authorizes the conversion, the Class B-2 Stock would be eligible to meet the Activity-Based Stock Requirement. All other shares of capital stock held by a member, including shares held to meet the Membership Stock Requirement, would be classified as Class B-1 Stock. The proposed amendments provide that the dividend rate for Class B-2 Stock must always be equal to or greater than the rate for Class B-1 Stock. 
 
 In connection with the Finance Agency s review, the proposed amendments are subject to change and there can be no assurance that any amendments will be adopted. If the amendments are approved by the Finance Agency as proposed, a revised plan will become effective at a future date to be determined by the Bank. Because these proposed amendments are still under review at the Finance Agency, in April 2023 the Bank will continue using the existing membership stock calculation methodology based on membership asset value as outlined in the Bank s Capital Plan. 
 Provisions of the Bank s capital plan are more fully discussed in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 11 Capital. 

Regulatory Capital Requirements 
 Under the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 (Housing Act), the Director of the Finance Agency is responsible for setting the risk-based capital standards for the FHLBanks. The FHLBank Act and regulations governing the operations of the FHLBanks require that the Bank s minimum capital stock requirement for shareholders must be sufficient to enable the Bank to meet its regulatory requirements for total capital, leverage capital, and risk-based capital. The Bank must maintain: (i) total regulatory capital in an amount equal to at least 4 of its total assets, (ii) leverage capital in an amount equal to at least 5 of its total assets, and (iii) permanent capital in an amount that is greater than or equal to its risk-based capital requirement. 
 The Finance Agency requires each FHLBank to maintain a ratio of at least 2 of capital stock to total assets in order to help preserve the cooperative structure incentives that encourage members to remain fully engaged in the oversight of their investment in the FHLBank. The Finance Agency will consider the proportion of capital stock to assets, measured on a daily average basis at monthend, when assessing each FHLBank s capital management practices. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank complied with this capital guidance. 
 Because the Bank issues only Class B stock, regulatory capital and permanent capital for the Bank are both composed of retained earnings and Class B stock, including mandatorily redeemable capital stock (which is classified as a liability for financial reporting purposes). Regulatory capital and permanent capital do not include AOCI. Leverage capital is defined as the sum of permanent capital, weighted by a 1.5 multiplier, plus non-permanent capital. 
 The risk-based capital requirement is equal to the sum of the Bank s credit risk, market risk, and operational risk capital requirements, all of which are calculated in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Finance Agency. The Finance Agency may require an FHLBank to maintain a greater amount of permanent capital than is required by the risk-based capital requirement as defined. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 The following table shows the Bank s compliance with the Finance Agency s capital requirements at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Bank s risk-based capital requirement decreased to 898 million at December 31, 2022, from 1.1 billion at December 31, 2021. 
 Regulatory Capital Requirements 2022 2021 (Dollars in millions) Required Actual Required Actual Risk-based capital 898 7,757 1,054 5,896 Total regulatory capital 4,842 7,757 2,165 5,896 Total regulatory capital ratio 4.00 6.41 4.00 10.89 Leverage capital 6,053 11,636 2,706 8,844 Leverage ratio 5.00 9.61 5.00 16.34 
 The Bank s capital requirements are more fully discussed in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 11 Capital. 
 
 Risk Management 
 The Bank has an integrated corporate governance and internal control framework designed to support effective management of the Bank s business activities and the risks inherent in these activities. As part of this framework, the Bank s board of directors has adopted a Risk Governance Policy that outlines the key roles and responsibilities of the board of directors and management and sets forth how the Bank is organized to achieve its risk management objectives, including the implementation of the Bank s strategic objectives, risk management strategies, corporate governance, and standards of conduct. The policy also establishes an independent risk oversight function to identify, assess, measure, monitor, and report on the enterprise risk profile and risk management capabilities of the Bank. 
 The Bank s Risk Appetite Framework establishes a standardized process whereby the Bank s risk appetite is articulated and established, and adherence to the Bank s risk appetite is monitored by the risk oversight function and reported to the board. Additionally, the Risk Appetite Framework links risk-taking and risk-mitigating activities to the achievement of the Bank s strategic objectives and helps bring forth key metrics within the Bank to enable better risk insights and decision making. The framework includes the Bank s risk appetite statements and related qualitative statements and quantitative risk metrics and tolerances, as established by the board of directors and performed by management to monitor and manage risk accordingly. 
 The Risk Management Policy establishes risk limits, guidelines, and standards for the Bank s management of financial risk (credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, and mortgage asset risk), operational risk (people, process, and systems risk), strategic risk, and regulatory and compliance risk in accordance with Finance Agency regulations and consideration of industry leading practices, the risk tolerances established by the board of directors, and other applicable guidelines in connection with the Bank s overall risk management. 
 Strategic Risk 
 Strategic risk is defined as the possibility of an adverse impact on the Bank s ability to fulfill its mission and to meet ongoing business and profitability objectives that results from external factors that may occur in both the short- and long-term. Such factors may include, but are not limited to, continued financial services industry consolidation; changes in the membership base and in member demand for Bank products; the concentration of borrowing among members; the introduction of new competing products and services; increased inter-FHLBank and non-FHLBank competition; or significant adverse changes to the effectiveness and competitiveness of the Bank s products, services, or business model associated with regulatory and legislative changes. 
 The identification of strategic risks is an integral part of the Bank s annual planning process, and the Bank s strategic plan identifies initiatives and plans to address these risks. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Operational Risk 
 Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss to the Bank resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, resources, and systems, and from external events. The Bank s operational risk is controlled through a system of internal controls designed to minimize the risk of operational losses. The Bank has established and annually tests its business continuity plan under various business disruption scenarios that would involve offsite recovery and an assessment of the Bank s availability and integrity of its operations and information systems. Further, the Bank maintains two geographically dispersed, colocation data centers which are on electrical grids that are separate from each other and from our principal offices and off-site business continuity facilities. Both data centers are subject to periodic testing to demonstrate adequate operational capability. In addition, an ongoing internal audit function audits significant risk areas to evaluate the Bank s internal controls. 
 Regulatory and Compliance Risk 
 Regulatory and compliance risk is defined as noncompliance with laws, rules, regulations, agreements, prescribed practices, and ethical standards, including noncompliance with employee-related regulations. Regulatory and compliance risk tolerances determined by the board of directors are outlined in the Risk Appetite Framework. The board of director's objective is to manage and mitigate the impact of noncompliance with all regulations and laws applicable to the Bank. Additionally, the Bank will put in place the necessary processes, controls, and frameworks to comply with legal and regulatory requirements. This includes, but is not limited to, directing resources to compliance programs to train personnel and increase awareness of those regulatory areas that pose the highest level of risk to the Bank. 
 Financial Risk 
 Financial risk is defined as the variance of the company s financial position or ability to operate due to investment decisions and financial risk management practices specifically related to capital, credit, market (including hedging and funding), mortgage asset, and liquidity risks. Subsequent sections of this document outline the definitions and management of various risk components of the Bank s financial risk tolerances, as determined by the board of directors. 
 
 Concentration Risk 
 Concentration risk for the Bank is defined as the exposure to economic loss arising from a disproportionately large number of financial transactions with a limited number of individual customers or counterparties. 
 Advances. If the Bank s advances borrowers were to prepay their advances (subject to the Bank s limitations on the amount of advances prepayments from a single borrower in a day or a month) or repay the advances as they came due and no other advances were made to replace them, the Bank s assets would decrease significantly and income could be adversely affected. The timing and magnitude of the impact would depend on a number of factors, including: (i) the amount of advances prepaid or repaid and the period over which the advances were prepaid or repaid, (ii) the amount and timing of any decreases in capital, (iii) the profitability of the advances, (iv) the size and profitability of the Bank s investments, (v) the extent to which debt matured as the advances were prepaid or repaid, and (vi) the ability of the Bank to extinguish debt or transfer it to other FHLBanks and the costs to extinguish or transfer the debt. The Bank s financial strategies are designed to enable it to expand and contract its assets, liabilities, and capital in view of changes in membership composition and member credit needs. Under the Bank s capital plan, the Bank may not be required to repurchase all of a shareholder s excess stock at the Bank s discretion, subject to certain statutory and regulatory requirements. 
 The Bank held a security interest in collateral from each of its top 10 advances borrowers and their affiliates sufficient to support their respective advances outstanding, and the Bank does not expect to incur any credit losses on the advances of its top 10 advances borrowers and their affiliates. 
 See Note 5 Advances for more information on the concentration in advances. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 MPF Program. The Bank had the following concentration in MPF loans with institutions whose outstanding total of mortgage loans sold to the Bank represented 10 or more of the Bank s total outstanding mortgage loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Concentration of Mortgage Loans December 31, 2022 (Dollars in millions) Name of Institution Mortgage Loan Balances Outstanding Percentage of Total Mortgage Loan Balances Outstanding Number of Mortgage Loans Outstanding Percentage of Total Number of Mortgage Loans Outstanding Fremont Bank 261 34 502 16 Community First Credit Union 114 15 357 11 Bank of Hope 105 14 275 9 JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (1) 
 81 10 1,191 37 Logix Federal Credit Union (2) 
 80 10 282 9 Subtotal 641 83 2,607 82 Others 134 17 612 18 Total 775 100 3,219 100 
 December 31, 2021 (Dollars in millions) Name of Institution Mortgage Loan Balances Outstanding Percentage of Total Mortgage Loan Balances Outstanding Number of Mortgage Loans Outstanding Percentage of Total Number of Mortgage Loans Outstanding Fremont Bank 344 36 641 17 Bank of Hope 128 13 321 9 Community First Credit Union 122 13 370 10 JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (1) 
 101 11 1,369 37 Logix Federal Credit Union (2) 
 99 10 333 9 Subtotal 794 83 3,034 82 Others 160 17 696 18 Total 954 100 3,730 100 
 (1) Nonmember institution. 
 (2) An officer or director of the member is a Bank director. 
 Members that sold mortgage loans to the Bank through the MPF Program make representations and warranties that the loans comply with the MPF underwriting guidelines. In the event a mortgage loan does not comply with the MPF underwriting guidelines, the Bank s agreement with the participating financial institution provides that the institution is required to repurchase the loan as a result of the breach of the institution s representations and warranties. In addition, most participating financial institutions have retained the servicing on the mortgage loans purchased by the Bank, and the servicing obligation of any former participating financial institution is held by the successor or another Bank-approved financial institution. The FHLBank of Chicago (the MPF Provider and master servicer) monitors the servicing performed by all participating financial institutions and successors. The Bank obtains a Type II Statement on Standards for Attestation Engagements No. 18 service auditor's report to confirm the effectiveness of the MPF Provider's controls over the services it provides to the Bank, including its monitoring of the participating financial institutions servicing. 
 Capital Stock. The following table presents the concentration in capital stock held by institutions whose capital stock ownership represented 10 or more of the Bank s outstanding capital stock, including mandatorily redeemable capital stock, as of December 31, 2022 or 2021: 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 2022 2021 (Dollars in millions) Capital Stock Outstanding Percentage of Total Capital Stock Outstanding Capital Stock Outstanding Percentage of Total Capital Stock Outstanding Silicon Valley Bank 418 11 17 1 First Republic Bank 379 10 115 6 Subtotal 797 21 132 7 Others 2,966 79 1,932 93 Total 3,763 100 2,064 100 
 
 Derivative Counterparties. The Bank currently utilizes an approved clearing house, LCH Ltd, and the Bank currently has the following two approved clearing agents: Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, and Goldman Sachs Co. The Bank monitors the clearing agents through its unsecured credit system. The clearing agents are approved by the Bank s Credit Committee. The clearing agents also have approved counterparty trading limits with the Bank, subjecting them to annual credit reviews and on-going credit quality surveillance by the Credit Department. The parent companies of the clearing agents are monitored through annual reviews, as well as through the Bank s daily monitoring tools, which include reviewing equity triggers, debt triggers, and credit default swap spread triggers. In addition, exposures to the clearing agents are monitored daily on a swap counterparty report. The Bank does not anticipate any credit losses on its cleared derivatives as of December 31, 2022. 

Liquidity Risk 
 Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that the Bank will be unable to meet its obligations as they come due or meet the credit needs of its members and eligible nonmember borrowers in a timely and cost-effective manner. The Bank is required to maintain liquidity for operating needs and for contingency purposes in accordance with Finance Agency regulations and guidelines and with the Bank s own Risk Management Policy. 
 The Bank generally manages operational, contingent, and refinancing risks using a portfolio of cash and short-term investments, U.S. Treasury securities, and access to the debt capital markets. In addition, the Bank maintains alternate sources of funds, detailed in its contingent funding plan, which also includes an explanation of how sources of funds may be allocated under stressed market conditions, such as short-term operational disruptions at the Bank or the Office of Finance or short-term disruptions in the debt capital markets. 
 The Finance Agency has established base case liquidity guidelines that each FHLBank maintain sufficient liquidity at least equal to its anticipated cash outflows, assuming no new consolidated obligation issuance, renewal of all maturing advances, a specified percentage drawdown notional on letters of credit balances, and certain Treasury investments as a source of funds. The Finance Agency s guidance provides that base case liquidity should generally be maintained for 10 to 30 days. The Bank actively monitors and manages refinancing risk. Finance Agency guidance specifies tolerance levels related to the size of each FHLBank s funding gaps to measure refinancing risk as the difference between assets and liabilities that are scheduled to mature during a specified period, expressed as a percentage of total assets. The guidance limits three-month and one-year funding gaps between the range of 10 to 20 and 25 to 35 , respectively. Funding gaps are measured at monthend, using the average ratio for the three most recent monthends. The Bank is also required to perform an annual liquidity stress test and to report the results to the Finance Agency. 
 In addition to the Finance Agency s guidelines on contingent liquidity, the Bank models its cash commitments and expected cash flows daily to determine its projected liquidity position. If a market or operational disruption occurred that prevented the issuance of new consolidated obligations, the Bank could meet its obligations by: (i) allowing short-term liquid investments to mature, (ii) using eligible securities as collateral for repurchase agreement borrowings, and (iii) if necessary, allowing advances to mature without renewal. In addition, the Bank may be able to borrow on a short-term unsecured basis from other financial institutions (Federal funds purchased) or other FHLBanks (inter-FHLBank borrowings). 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank held total sources of funds in an amount that would have allowed the Bank to meet its liquidity needs without issuing new consolidated obligations for over ten days, in accordance with 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 the Finance Agency guidance. In addition, the Bank s funding gap positions as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, were within the tolerance levels provided by the Finance Agency guidance. 
 In addition, Section 11(i) of the FHLBank Act authorizes the U.S. Treasury to purchase certain obligations issued by the FHLBanks aggregating not more than 4.0 billion under certain conditions. There were no such purchases by the U.S. Treasury during the two-year period ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 Credit risk is defined as the risk that the market value, or estimated fair value if market value is not available, of an obligation will decline as a result of deterioration in the creditworthiness of the obligor. The Bank further refines the definition of credit risk as the risk that a secured or unsecured borrower is unable to meet its financial obligations and the Bank is inadequately protected by the liquidation value of collateral, if any, which could result in a credit loss to the Bank. 
 
 Advances. The Bank manages the credit risk of advances and other credit products by setting the credit and collateral terms available to individual members and housing associates based on their creditworthiness and on the quality and value of the assets they pledge as collateral. The Bank also has procedures to assess the mortgage loan quality and documentation standards of institutions that pledge mortgage loan collateral. In addition, the Bank has collateral policies and restricted lending procedures in place to help manage its exposure to institutions that experience difficulty in meeting their capital requirements or other standards of creditworthiness. These credit and collateral policies balance the Bank s dual goals of meeting the needs of members and housing associates as a reliable source of liquidity and mitigating credit risk by adjusting credit and collateral terms in view of deterioration in creditworthiness. The Bank has never experienced a credit loss on an advance. 
 The Bank determines the maximum amount and maximum term of the advances it will make to a member or housing associate based on the institution s creditworthiness and eligible collateral pledged in accordance with the Bank s credit and collateral policies and regulatory requirements. 
 To identify the credit strength of each borrower and potential borrower, other than insurance companies, community development financial institutions (CDFIs), and housing associates, the Bank assigns each member and each nonmember borrower an internal credit quality rating from one to ten, with one as the highest credit quality rating. These ratings are based on results from the Bank s credit model, which considers financial, regulatory, and other qualitative information, including regulatory examination reports. 
 The Bank determines the maximum amount and maximum term of the advances it will make to an insurance company based on an ongoing risk assessment that considers the member's financial and regulatory standing and other qualitative information deemed relevant by the Bank. This evaluation results in the assignment of an internal credit quality rating from one to ten, with one as the highest credit quality rating. 
 The Bank determines the maximum amount and maximum term of the advances it will make to a CDFI based on an ongoing risk assessment that considers information from the CDFI s audited annual financial statements, supplemented by additional information deemed relevant by the Bank. 
 The Bank determines the maximum amount and maximum term of the advances it will make to a housing associate based on an ongoing risk assessment that considers the housing associate s financial and regulatory standing and other qualitative information deemed relevant by the Bank. 
 The Bank underwrites and actively monitors the financial condition and performance of all borrowers to determine and periodically assess creditworthiness. In accordance with the FHLBank Act, borrowers may pledge the following eligible assets to secure advances: 
 one-to-four-family first lien residential mortgage loans; 
 securities issued, insured, or guaranteed by the U.S. government or any of its agencies, including without limitation MBS backed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, or Ginnie Mae; 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 cash or deposits in the Bank; 
 certain other real estate-related collateral, such as certain privately issued mortgage-backed securities, multifamily loans, commercial real estate loans, and second lien residential mortgage loans or home equity loans; and 
 small business, small farm, and small agribusiness loans that are fully secured by collateral (such as real estate, equipment and vehicles, accounts receivable, and inventory) from members that are community financial institutions. 
 The Housing Act defined community financial institutions as depository institutions insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation with average total assets over the preceding three-year period of 1 billion or less, to be adjusted for inflation annually by the Finance Agency. The average total asset cap for 2022 was 1.3 billion. 
 Under the Bank s written lending agreements with its borrowers, its credit and collateral policies, and applicable statutory and regulatory provisions, the Bank has the right to take a variety of actions to address credit and collateral concerns, including calling for the borrower to pledge additional or substitute collateral (including ineligible collateral) at any time that advances are outstanding to the borrower, and requiring the delivery of all pledged collateral. In addition, if a borrower fails to repay any advance or is otherwise in default on its obligations to the Bank, the Bank may foreclose on and liquidate the borrower s collateral and apply the proceeds toward repayment of the borrower s obligations to the Bank. The Bank s collateral policies are designed to address changes in the value of collateral and the risks and costs relating to foreclosure and liquidation of collateral, and the Bank periodically adjusts the amount it is willing to lend against various types of collateral to reflect these factors. 
 The Bank perfects its security interest in securities collateral by taking delivery of all securities at the time they are pledged. The Bank perfects its security interest in loan collateral by filing a Uniform Commercial Code-1 financing statement for each borrower that pledges loans. The Bank may also require delivery of loan collateral under certain conditions (for example, from a newly formed institution or when a borrower's creditworthiness deteriorates below a certain level). In addition, the FHLBank Act provides that any security interest granted to the Bank by any member or member affiliate has priority over the claims and rights of any other party, including any receiver, conservator, trustee, or similar entity that has the rights of a lien creditor, unless these claims and rights would be entitled to priority under otherwise applicable law or are held by bona fide purchasers for value or by parties that have actual perfected security interests. 
 Pursuant to the Bank s lending agreements with its borrowers, the Bank limits extensions of credit to individual borrowers to a percentage of the market value or unpaid principal balance of the borrower s pledged collateral, known as the borrowing capacity, which the Bank can change from time to time. The borrowing capacity percentage varies according to several factors, including the charter type of the institution, the collateral type, the value assigned to the collateral, the results of the Bank s collateral field review of the borrower s collateral, the pledging method used for loan collateral (specific identification or blanket lien), the amount of loan data provided (detailed or summary reporting), the data reporting frequency (monthly or quarterly), the borrower s financial strength and condition, and any institution-specific collateral risks. Under the terms of the Bank s lending agreements, the aggregate borrowing capacity of a borrower s pledged eligible collateral must meet or exceed the total amount of the borrower s outstanding advances, other extensions of credit, and certain other borrower obligations and liabilities. 
 In addition, the total amount of advances made available to each member or housing associate may be limited by the financing availability assigned by the Bank, which is generally expressed as a percentage of the member s or housing associate s assets, which the Bank can change from time to time. The amount of financing availability is generally determined by the creditworthiness of the member or housing associate. 
 When a nonmember financial institution acquires some or all of the assets and liabilities of a member, including outstanding advances and Bank capital stock, the Bank may allow the advances to remain outstanding, at its discretion. The nonmember borrower is required to meet the Bank s applicable credit, collateral, and capital stock requirements, including requirements regarding creditworthiness and collateral borrowing capacity. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables present a summary of the status of the credit outstanding and overall collateral borrowing capacity of the Bank s member and nonmember borrowers as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Member and Nonmember Credit Outstanding and Collateral Borrowing Capacity by Credit Quality Rating December 31, 2022 
 All Members and Nonmembers Members and Nonmembers with Credit Outstanding (Dollars in millions) Collateral Borrowing Capacity (2) 
 Member or Nonmember Credit Quality Rating Number Number Credit 
 Outstanding (1) 
 Total Used 1-3 257 172 98,702 323,212 31 4-6 65 33 13,891 31,536 44 7-10 4 3 8 51 16 Subtotal 326 208 112,601 354,799 32 Community development financial institutions (CDFIs) 7 6 100 151 66 Housing associates 2 1 95 102 93 Total 335 215 112,796 355,052 32 
 December 31, 2021 All Members and Nonmembers Members and Nonmembers with Credit Outstanding (Dollars in millions) Collateral Borrowing Capacity (2) 
 Member or Nonmember Credit Quality Rating Number Number Credit 
 Outstanding (1) 
 Total Used 1-3 260 127 26,398 213,172 12 4-6 64 32 7,158 33,733 21 7-10 3 2 20 37 54 Subtotal 327 161 33,576 246,942 14 CDFIs 7 7 112 135 83 Housing associates 2 Total 336 168 33,688 247,077 14 
 (1) Includes advances, letters of credit, the market value of swaps, estimated prepayment fees for certain borrowers, and the credit enhancement obligation on MPF loans. 
 (2) Collateral borrowing capacity does not represent any commitment to lend on the part of the Bank. 
 Member and Nonmember Credit Outstanding and Collateral Borrowing Capacity by Unused Borrowing Capacity December 31, 2022 (Dollars in millions) 
 Unused Borrowing Capacity 
 Number of Members and Nonmembers with Credit Outstanding Credit 
 Outstanding (1) 
 Collateral 
 Borrowing 
 Capacity (2) 
 0 10 11 6,637 7,319 11 25 11 5,644 7,380 26 50 22 15,509 24,465 More than 50 171 85,006 315,888 Total 215 112,796 355,052 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 December 31, 2021 (Dollars in millions) 
 Unused Borrowing Capacity 
 Number of Members and Nonmembers with Credit Outstanding Credit 
 Outstanding (1) 
 Collateral 
 Borrowing 
 Capacity (2) 
 0 10 5 467 512 11 25 8 895 1,079 26 50 15 1,837 3,032 More than 50 140 30,489 242,454 Total 168 33,688 247,077 
 (1) Includes advances, letters of credit, the market value of swaps, estimated prepayment fees for certain borrowers, and the credit enhancement obligation on MPF loans. 
 (2) Collateral borrowing capacity does not represent any commitment to lend on the part of the Bank. 
 Based on the collateral pledged as security for advances, the Bank s credit analyses of borrowers financial condition, and the Bank s credit extension and collateral policies, the Bank expects to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the advances. Therefore, no allowance for credit losses on advances is deemed necessary by the Bank. The Bank has never experienced any credit losses on advances. 
 Securities pledged as collateral are assigned borrowing capacities that reflect the securities market valuations and market liquidation risks. The following table presents the securities collateral pledged by all members and by nonmembers with credit outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Composition of Securities Collateral Pledged by Members and by Nonmembers with Credit Outstanding (In millions) 2022 2021 Securities Type with Current Credit Ratings Current Par Borrowing Capacity Current Par Borrowing Capacity U.S. Treasury (bills, notes, bonds) 3,004 2,688 659 631 Agency (notes, subordinated debt, structured notes, indexed amortization notes, and Small Business Administration pools) 79,360 64,153 4,192 3,978 Agency pools and collateralized mortgage obligations 8,617 7,622 17,571 16,553 Private-label commercial MBS publicly registered investment-grade-rated senior tranches 392 244 4 3 PLRMBS private label investment-grade-rated senior tranches 762 409 311 194 Municipal Bonds investment-grade-rated 17 12 Term deposits with the Bank 18 18 Total 92,152 75,128 22,755 21,377 
 With respect to loan collateral, most borrowers may choose to pledge loan collateral by specific identification or under a blanket lien. Insurance companies, CDFIs, and housing associates are required to pledge loan collateral by specific identification with monthly reporting. All other borrowers pledging by specific identification must provide a detailed listing of all the loans pledged to the Bank on a monthly basis. 
 The Bank may require certain borrowers to deliver pledged loan collateral to the Bank for one or more reasons, including the following: the borrower is a de novo institution (chartered within the last three years), an insurance company, a CDFI, or a housing associate; the Bank is concerned about the borrower s creditworthiness; or the Bank is concerned about the maintenance of its collateral or the priority of its security interest. 
 As of December 31, 2022, of the loan collateral pledged to the Bank, 14 was pledged by 21 institutions by specific identification, 57 was pledged by 113 institutions under a blanket lien with detailed reporting, and 29 was pledged by 130 institutions under a blanket lien with summary reporting. For each borrower that pledges loan collateral, the Bank conducts loan collateral field reviews once every six months or every one, two, or three years, depending on the risk profile of the borrower and the types of collateral pledged by the borrower. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022, the Bank s maximum borrowing capacities as a percentage of the assigned market value of mortgage loan collateral pledged under a blanket lien with detailed reporting were as follows: 84 for first lien residential mortgage loans, 81 for multifamily mortgage loans, 81 for commercial mortgage loans, and 69 for second lien residential mortgage loans. The maximum borrowing capacity for small business, small agribusiness, and small farm loans was 50 of the unpaid principal balance, although most of these loans are pledged under blanket lien with summary reporting, with a maximum borrowing capacity of 25 . The highest borrowing capacities are available to borrowers that pledge under a blanket lien with detailed reporting because the detailed loan information allows the Bank to assess the value of the collateral more precisely and because additional collateral is pledged under the blanket lien that may not receive borrowing capacity but may be liquidated to repay advances in the event of default. The Bank may review and change the maximum borrowing capacity for any type of loan collateral at any time. 
 The following table presents the mortgage loan collateral pledged by all members and by nonmembers with credit outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Composition of Loan Collateral Pledged by Members and by Nonmembers with Credit Outstanding (In millions) 2022 2021 Loan Type Unpaid Principal Balance Borrowing Capacity Unpaid Principal Balance Borrowing Capacity First lien residential mortgage loans 265,972 180,564 175,319 140,994 Second lien residential mortgage loans and home equity lines of credit 15,423 7,381 13,659 6,653 Multifamily mortgage loans 60,989 36,809 41,239 28,517 Commercial mortgage loans 92,413 54,341 73,750 48,394 Loan participations (1) 
 871 306 1,064 383 Small business, small farm, and small agribusiness loans 2,180 523 3,157 759 Other 2 Total 437,850 279,924 308,188 225,700 
 (1) The unpaid principal balance for loan participations is 100 of the outstanding loan amount. The borrowing capacity for loan participations is based on the participated amount pledged to the Bank. 
 The Bank holds a security interest in subprime residential mortgage loans pledged as collateral. Subprime loans are defined as loans with a borrower FICO score of 660 or less at origination, or if the original FICO score is not available, as loans with a current borrower FICO score of 660 or less. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the unpaid principal balance of these loans totaled 5.2 billion and 5.4 billion, respectively. The Bank reviews and assigns borrowing capacities to subprime mortgage loans as it does for all other types of loan collateral, taking into account the known credit attributes in the pricing of the loans. All advances, including those made to borrowers pledging subprime mortgage loans, are required to be fully collateralized. The Bank limits the amount of borrowing capacity that may be supported by subprime collateral. 

MPF Program. The Bank and any participating financial institution share in the credit risk of the loans sold by that institution under the MPF Original and MPF Plus products as specified in a master agreement. As of December 31, 2022, loans purchased under the MPF Program generally had a credit risk exposure at the time of purchase that, as determined by the MPF Program methodology, would be expected from an equivalent investment rated AA if purchased prior to April 2017, or rated BBB if purchased since April 2017, taking into consideration the credit risk sharing structure mandated by the Finance Agency s acquired member assets (AMA) regulation. The MPF Program structures potential credit losses on conventional MPF loans into layers with respect to each pool of loans purchased by the Bank under a single master commitment, as follows: 
 (1) The first layer of protection against loss is the liquidation value of the real property securing the loan. 
 (2) The next layer of protection comes from the primary mortgage insurance that is required for loans with an initial loan-to-value ratio greater than 80 , if still in place. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 (3) Losses that exceed the liquidation value of the real property and any primary mortgage insurance, up to an agreed-upon amount called the first loss account for each master commitment, are incurred by the Bank. 
 (4) Losses in excess of the first loss account for each master commitment, up to an agreed-upon amount called the credit enhancement amount, are covered by the participating financial institution's credit enhancement obligation at the time losses are incurred. 
 (5) Losses in excess of the first loss account and the participating financial institution's remaining credit enhancement for the master commitment, if any, are incurred by the Bank. 
 The Bank performs a quarterly assessment of its mortgage loans held for portfolio to estimate expected credit losses. An allowance for credit losses is recorded with a corresponding adjustment to the provision for/(reversal of) credit losses. The Bank measures expected credit losses on mortgage loans on a loan-level basis, factoring in the credit enhancement structure at the master commitment level. 
 The following table presents a rollforward of the allowance for credit losses on the mortgage loan portfolio for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The amounts of charge-offs and recoveries of allowance for credit losses on the mortgage loan portfolio were de minimis during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (in millions) 2022 2021 Balance, beginning of the period 1 4 Provision for/(reversal of) credit losses (3) Balance, end of the period 1 1 
 For more information on how the Bank determines its estimated allowance for credit losses on mortgage loans, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 6 Mortgage Loans Held for Portfolio. 
 The following tables present the payment status for mortgage loans and other delinquency statistics for the Bank s mortgage loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 December 31, 2022 (Dollars in millions) Origination Year Payment Status 2018 to 2022 Prior to 2018 Amortized Cost (1) 
 30 59 days delinquent 4 5 9 60 89 days delinquent 2 1 3 90 days or more delinquent 11 8 19 Total past due 17 14 31 Total current loans 449 336 785 Total MPF 466 350 816 In process of foreclosure, included above (2) 
 3 Nonaccrual loans (3) 
 19 Serious delinquencies as a percentage of total mortgage loans outstanding (4) 
 2.30 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 December 31, 2021 (Dollars in millions) Origination Year Payment Status 2017 to 2021 Prior to 2017 Amortized Cost (1) 
 30 59 days delinquent 7 2 9 60 89 days delinquent 1 2 3 90 days or more delinquent 26 10 36 Total past due 34 14 48 Total current loans 729 204 933 Total MPF 763 218 981 In process of foreclosure, included above (2) 
 1 Nonaccrual loans (3) 
 36 Serious delinquencies as a percentage of total mortgage loans outstanding (4) 
 3.64 
 (1) The amortized cost in a loan is the unpaid principal balance of the loan, adjusted for net deferred loan fees or costs, unamortized premiums or discounts, and direct write-downs. 
 (2) Includes loans for which the servicer has reported a decision to foreclose or to pursue a similar alternative, such as deed-in-lieu. Loans in process of foreclosure are included in past due or current loans depending on their delinquency status. 
 (3) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, 7 million and 21 million, respectively, of mortgage loans on nonaccrual status did not have an associated allowance for credit losses because these loans were either previously charged off to the expected recoverable value or the fair value of the underlying collateral, including any credit enhancements, is greater than the amortized cost of the loans. 
 (4) Represents loans that are 90 days or more past due or in the process of foreclosure as a percentage of the recorded investment of total mortgage loans outstanding. 
 For 2022 and 2021, the interest on nonaccrual loans that was contractually due and recognized in income was immaterial. Delinquencies amounted to 3.77 of the total loans in the Bank s portfolio as of December 31, 2022, and 4.84 of the total loans in the Bank s portfolio as of December 31, 2021. 
 The following table presents risk elements and credit ratios for the Bank s mortgage loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The amount of charge-offs and recoveries of allowance for credit losses on the mortgage loan portfolio were de minimis for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Unpaid Principal Balance (Dollars in millions) 
 2022 2021 Average loans outstanding during the period 840 1,329 Mortgage loans held for portfolio 775 954 Nonaccrual loans 17 35 Allowance for credit losses on mortgage loans held for portfolio 1 1 Ratio of net charge-offs to average loans outstanding during the period 0.02 0.06 Ratio of allowance for credit losses to mortgage loans held for portfolio 0.14 0.10 Ratio of nonaccrual loans to mortgage loans held for portfolio 2.25 3.62 Ratio of allowance for credit losses to nonaccrual loans 6.45 2.64 
 
 Investments. The Bank has adopted credit policies and exposure limits for investments that promote risk limitation, diversification, and liquidity. These policies determine eligible counterparties and restrict the amounts and terms of the Bank s investments with any given counterparty according to the Bank s own capital position as well as the capital and creditworthiness of the counterparty. 
 The Bank monitors its investments for substantive changes in relevant market conditions and any declines in fair value. For securities in an unrealized loss position because of factors other than movements in interest rates, such as widening of mortgage asset spreads, the Bank considers whether it expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security by comparing the expectations of the present value of the cash flows to be collected from the security with the amortized cost basis of the security. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 When the fair value of an individual investment security falls below its amortized cost, the Bank evaluates whether an allowance for credit losses is necessary on the security. The Bank recognizes an allowance for credit losses when it determines that it will be unable to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security and the fair value of the investment security is less than its amortized cost. The Bank considers its intent to hold the security and whether it is more likely than not that the Bank will be required to sell the security before its anticipated recovery of the remaining cost basis, and other factors. The Bank generally views changes in the fair value of the securities caused by movements in interest rates to be temporary. 
 The following table presents the Bank s investment credit exposure at December 31, 2022, based on the lowest of the long-term credit ratings provided by Moody s, S P, or Fitch Ratings (Fitch) ratings. 
 Investment Credit Exposure (In millions) December 31, 2022 Carrying Value Credit Rating (1) 
 Investment Type AAA AA A BBB Below Investment Grade Unrated Total U.S. obligations Treasury securities 4,024 4,024 MBS: Other U.S. obligations single-family 73 73 MBS GSEs: GSEs single-family (2) 
 4 737 2 2 745 GSEs multifamily 8,716 8,716 Total MBS GSEs 4 9,453 2 2 9,461 PLRMBS 21 35 58 719 504 1,337 Total MBS 4 9,547 37 58 721 504 10,871 Total securities 4 13,571 37 58 721 504 14,895 Interest-bearing deposits 3,677 3,677 Securities purchased under agreements to resell (3) 
 6,250 750 7,000 Federal funds sold 1,751 2,456 512 4,719 Total investments 4 21,572 6,170 570 721 1,254 30,291 
 (1) Credit ratings of BB and lower are below investment grade. 
 (2) The Bank has one security guaranteed by Fannie Mae but rated BB at December 31, 2022, by S P because of extraordinary expenses incurred during bankruptcy of the security's sponsor. 
 (3) Unrated counterparties were broker-dealers authorized by the Office of Finance for these investments. The securities purchased under agreements to resell with the broker-dealers were fully guaranteed by the U.S. government. 
 For all securities in its AFS and HTM portfolios, for Federal funds sold, and for securities purchased under agreements to resell, the Bank does not intend to sell any security and it is not more likely than not that the Bank will be required to sell any security before its anticipated recovery of the remaining amortized cost basis. 
 The Bank invests in short-term unsecured interest-bearing deposits, short-term unsecured Federal funds sold, and securities purchased under agreements to resell with member and nonmember counterparties, all of which are highly rated. 
 Bank policies set forth the creditworthiness requirements for member and nonmember counterparties for unsecured credit. All Federal funds counterparties (members and nonmembers) must be federally insured financial institutions or domestic branches of foreign commercial banks. The general unsecured credit policy limits are as follows: 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 December 31, 2022 Unsecured Credit Policy Limits Unsecured Credit Limit Amount (Lower of Percentage of Bank Capital or Percentage of Counterparty Capital) Finance Agency 
 Credit Rating (1) 
 Maximum 
 Percentage Limit 
 for Outstanding Term (2) 
 Maximum Percentage Limit for Total Outstanding Maximum Investment Term (Months) Member counterparty FHFA 1 15 30 3 FHFA 2 14 28 3 FHFA 3 9 18 3 FHFA 4 6 Overnight Nonmember counterparty FHFA 1 15 30 3 FHFA 2 14 28 3 FHFA 3 9 18 3 FHFA 4 1.5 1.5 Derivatives only 
 (1) Finance Agency ratings are mapped to equivalent internal credit quality ratings on a rating scale of FHFA 1 through FHFA 7, reflecting progressively lower credit quality. The Bank uses internal credit quality ratings to determine maximum limits to members and nonmembers. The Bank will determine the counterparty s credit rating by using primary sources such as external ratings, other credit and fixed income research, company reports, and market-based indications. 
 (2) Term limit applies to unsecured extensions of credit excluding Federal funds transactions with a maturity of one day or less and Federal funds subject to a continuing contract. 
 The Bank s unsecured investment credit limits and terms for member counterparties may be less restrictive than for nonmember counterparties because the Bank has access to more information about members to assist in evaluating the member counterparty credit risk. 
 The Bank actively monitors its credit exposures and the credit quality of its counterparties, including an assessment of each counterparty s financial performance, capital adequacy, likelihood of parental or sovereign support, and the current market perceptions of the counterparties. The Bank may also consider general macroeconomic and market conditions and political stability when establishing limits on unsecured investments with U.S. branches and agency offices of foreign commercial banks. As a result of deteriorating financial condition or concerns about adverse economic or market developments, the Bank may reduce limits or terms on unsecured investments or suspend a counterparty. 
 Finance Agency regulations limit the amount of unsecured credit that an individual FHLBank may extend to a single counterparty. In addition, the FHLBanks are prohibited by Finance Agency regulation from investing in financial instruments issued by non-U.S. entities other than those issued by U.S. branches and agency offices of foreign commercial banks. 
 Under Finance Agency regulations, the total amount of unsecured credit that an FHLBank may extend to a group of affiliated counterparties for term extensions of unsecured credit and overnight Federal funds sales, combined, may not exceed 30 of the FHLBank s total capital. These limits on affiliated counterparty groups are in addition to the limits on extensions of unsecured credit applicable to any single counterparty within the affiliated group. 
 The following table presents the unsecured credit exposure with counterparties by investment type at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Unsecured Investment Credit Exposure by Investment Type Carrying Value (1) 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 Interest-bearing deposits 3,677 1,125 Federal funds sold 4,719 5,348 Total 8,396 6,473 
 (1) Excludes unsecured investment credit exposure to U.S. government agencies and instrumentalities, government-sponsored enterprises, and supranational entities and does not include related accrued interest as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. 
 The following table presents the credit ratings of the unsecured investment credit exposures presented by the domicile of the counterparty or the domicile of the counterparty s parent for U.S. branches and agency offices of foreign commercial banks, based on the lowest of the credit ratings provided by Moody s, S P, or Fitch ratings. This table does not reflect the foreign sovereign government s credit rating. At December 31, 2022, 50 of the Bank s total unsecured investments were to U.S. branches and agency offices of foreign commercial banks. At December 31, 2022, all of the unsecured investments held by the Bank had overnight maturities. 
 Ratings of Unsecured Investment Credit Exposure by Domicile of Counterparty (In millions) December 31, 2022 Carrying Value (1) 
 Credit Rating (2) 
 Domicile of Counterparty AA A BBB Total Domestic 3,327 512 3,839 U.S. subsidiaries of foreign commercial banks 350 350 Total domestic and U.S. subsidiaries of foreign commercial banks 3,677 512 4,189 U.S. branches and agency offices of foreign commercial banks: Australia 1,646 1,646 Canada 1,251 100 1,351 Finland 500 500 France 300 300 Germany 410 410 Total U.S. branches and agency offices of foreign commercial banks 1,751 2,456 4,207 Total unsecured credit exposure 1,751 6,133 512 8,396 
 (1) Excludes unsecured investment credit exposure to U.S. government agencies and instrumentalities, government-sponsored enterprises, and supranational entities and does not include related accrued interest as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Does not reflect changes in ratings, outlook, or watch status occurring after December 31, 2022. These ratings represent the lowest rating available for each unsecured investment owned by the Bank, based on the ratings provided by Fitch, Moody s, or S P. The Bank s internal rating may differ from this rating. 
 The Bank s MBS investments include PLRMBS, all of which were AAA-rated at the time of purchase, and agency residential MBS, which are backed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, or Ginnie Mae. Some of the PLRMBS were issued by or purchased from members, former members, or their affiliates. The Bank has investment credit limits and terms for these investments that do not differ for members and nonmembers. Regulatory policy limits total MBS investments, including unpaid principal balance, unamortized premiums and discounts, and net charge-offs, to three times the Bank s regulatory capital at the time of purchase. At December 31, 2022, the Bank s MBS portfolio was 148 of Bank regulatory capital (as determined in accordance with regulations governing the operations of the FHLBanks). The Bank has not purchased any PLRMBS since the first quarter of 2008. 
 The Bank executes all MBS investments without preference to the status of the counterparty or the issuer of the investment as a nonmember, member, or affiliate of a member. When the Bank executes non-MBS investments with members, the Bank may give consideration to their secured credit availability and the Bank s advances price levels. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 At December 31, 2022, PLRMBS representing 10 of the amortized cost of the Bank s MBS portfolio were labeled Alt-A by the issuer. These PLRMBS are generally collateralized by mortgage loans that are considered less risky than subprime loans but more risky than prime loans. These loans are generally made to borrowers with credit scores that are high enough to qualify for a prime mortgage loan, but the loans may not meet standard underwriting guidelines for documentation requirements, property type, or loan-to-value ratios. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Bank s investment in MBS had gross unrealized losses totaling 128 million, 37 million of which were related to PLRMBS. These gross unrealized losses were primarily due to illiquidity in the MBS market and market expectations of the credit performance of loan collateral underlying these securities, which caused these assets to be valued at discounts to their amortized cost. 
 For its agency MBS, the Bank expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis of these securities because the Bank determined that the strength of the issuers guarantees through direct obligations or support from the U.S. government is sufficient to protect the Bank from losses. As a result, the Bank determined that, as of December 31, 2022, all of the gross unrealized losses on its agency MBS are temporary. 
 If conditions in the housing and mortgage markets and general business and economic conditions deteriorate, the fair value of MBS may decline further, and the Bank may experience additional credit losses on PLRMBS in future periods. Additional credit losses could adversely affect the Bank s earnings and retained earnings and its ability to pay dividends and repurchase capital stock. The Bank cannot predict whether it will be required to record an allowance for credit losses on its PLRMBS in the future. 
 The Bank has exposure to MBS with interest rates indexed to LIBOR. The following tables present the unpaid principal balance of adjustable rate MBS by interest rate index and the unpaid principal balance of LIBOR-indexed MBS for LIBOR tenors that cease or will no longer be representative immediately after June 30, 2023, by redemption term at December 31, 2022, and 2021. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition for more information on the LIBOR transition and on SOFR as an alternative market benchmark. 
 Adjustable Rate MBS by Interest Rate Index (In millions) Interest Rate Index 2022 2021 LIBOR (1) 
 2,958 4,110 Constant maturity Treasury 51 64 Total adjustable rate investment securities (2) 
 3,009 4,174 
 LIBOR-Indexed MBS by Redemption Term (In millions) Redemption Term 2022 2021 Due through June 30, 2023 5 12 Due thereafter (2) 
 2,953 4,098 Total LIBOR-Indexed investment securities 2,958 4,110 
 (1) Certain MBS with multiple indices where LIBOR is the majority index are included in this amount. 
 (2) For more information on the Bank s Transition Plan, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents the maturity (based on contractual final principal payment) and yield characteristics of the Bank s investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022. 
 (Dollars in millions) Within One Year After One Year But Within Five Years After Five Years But Within Ten Years After Ten Years Carrying Value AFS securities: U.S. obligations Treasury notes 4,024 4,024 MBS: GSEs multifamily: Freddie Mac 604 103 707 Fannie Mae 6,441 359 6,800 Subtotal GSEs multifamily 7,045 462 7,507 PLRMBS 2 1,180 1,182 Total AFS securities 4,024 7,047 1,642 12,713 Yield on AFS securities (1) 
 1.31 3.35 8.79 3.41 HTM securities: MBS: Other U.S. obligations single-family Ginnie Mae 72 72 GSEs single-family: Freddie Mac 140 140 Fannie Mae 23 582 605 Subtotal GSEs single-family 23 722 745 GSEs multifamily: Freddie Mac 9 581 34 624 Fannie Mae 585 585 Subtotal GSEs multifamily 9 1,166 34 1,209 PLRMBS 2 12 141 155 Total HTM securities 9 1,168 69 935 2,181 Yield on HTM securities (1) 
 4.60 4.56 4.14 3.50 4.09 
 (1) The weighted average yields on AFS and HTM securities are calculated as the sum of each debt security using the period end balances multiplied by the coupon rate adjusted by the impact of amortization and accretion of premiums and discounts, divided by the total debt securities in the applicable HTM or AFS portfolio. The result is then multiplied by 100 to express it as a percentage. 

Derivative Counterparties. The Bank has adopted credit policies and exposure limits for uncleared derivatives counterparty credit exposure. Interest rate exchange agreements may be either uncleared or cleared at a clearing house. 
 Uncleared Derivatives The Bank selects only highly rated derivative dealers and major banks (derivative dealer counterparties) that meet the Bank s eligibility criteria to act as counterparties for its uncleared derivative activities. In addition, for all uncleared derivative transactions, the Bank has entered into master netting agreements and bilateral credit support agreements with all its derivative dealer counterparties that provide for delivery of margin to limit the Bank s net unsecured credit exposure to these counterparties. Under these policies and agreements, the amount of unsecured credit exposure to an individual derivative dealer counterparty is set at zero (subject to a minimum transfer amount). 
 Uncleared derivative transactions executed on or after September 1, 2022, are subject to two-way initial margin requirements as mandated by regulatory requirements issued in response to the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, if the Bank s average aggregate notional amount of uncleared derivative transactions exceeds a specified threshold. The initial margin is required to be held at a third-party custodian and does not change 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 ownership. The Bank, or its counterparty, can only take ownership upon the occurrence of certain events, including an event of default due to bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar proceeding. 
 All uncleared derivative transactions entered into by the Bank on or after March 1, 2017, are fully collateralized and subject to a minimum transfer amount, in accordance with variation margin requirements issued by the U.S. Federal bank regulatory agencies and the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
 The Bank is subject to the risk of potential nonperformance by its counterparty in a derivative transaction. A counterparty generally must deliver or return margin to the Bank if the total unsecured exposure to that counterparty exceeds the minimum transfer amount. 
 As a result of these risk mitigation initiatives, the Bank does not anticipate any credit losses on its uncleared derivative transactions with counterparties as of December 31, 2022. 
 Cleared Derivatives In a cleared derivatives transaction, the Bank is subject to nonperformance by the clearing house and its futures commission merchant or clearing agent. The requirement that the Bank post initial and variation margin through a clearing agent to the clearing house exposes the Bank to institutional credit risk if the clearing agent fails to meet its obligations. The use of a clearing house, or central counterparty, lowers overall credit risk exposure because it employs standard valuation and initial and variation margin processes and is specifically designed to withstand remote but plausible counterparty default credit events. Variation margin is posted or collected for changes in the value of the portfolio, and initial margin is posted for changes in risk profile of the portfolio. Because of an increase in market values of cleared derivatives during 2022 and 2021, there was an increase in variation margin collected on cleared derivatives that resulted in an increase in net cash provided by operating activities reported on the Statements of Cash Flows. The Bank does not anticipate any credit losses on its cleared derivatives as of December 31, 2022. 
 The increase or decrease in the credit exposure net of cash collateral, from one period to the next, may be affected by changes in several variables, such as interest rates, the size and composition of the portfolio, market values of derivatives, and accrued interest. Based on the master netting arrangements, its credit analyses, and the collateral requirements in place with each counterparty, the Bank does not expect to incur any credit losses on its derivative agreements. 
 The following tables present the Bank s credit exposure to its derivative dealer counterparties at the dates indicated. 
 Credit Exposure to Derivative Dealer Counterparties (In millions) December 31, 2022 Counterparty Credit Rating (1) 
 Notional Amount Net Fair Value of Derivatives Before Collateral Cash Collateral Pledged to/ (from) Counterparty Noncash Collateral Pledged to/ (from) Counterparty Net Credit Exposure to Counterparties Asset positions with credit exposure: Uncleared derivatives A 6,115 38 (35) 3 Cleared derivatives (2) 
 89,148 7 14 435 456 Liability positions with credit exposure: Uncleared derivatives A 11,246 (356) 358 2 Total derivative positions with credit exposure to nonmember counterparties 106,509 (311) 337 435 461 Derivative positions without credit exposure 10,284 Total notional 116,793 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 December 31, 2021 In millions) 
 Counterparty Credit Rating (1) 
 Notional Amount Net Fair Value of Derivatives Before Collateral Cash Collateral Pledged to/ (from) Counterparty Non-cash Collateral Pledged to/ (from) Counterparty Net Credit Exposure to Counterparties Asset positions with credit exposure: Uncleared derivatives A 1,500 9 (9) Liability positions with credit exposure: Uncleared derivatives A 42 (1) 1 Cleared derivatives (2) 
 45,235 (7) 15 252 260 Total derivative positions with credit exposure to nonmember counterparties 46,777 1 7 252 260 Derivative positions without credit exposure 16,839 Total notional 63,616 
 (1) The credit ratings used by the Bank are based on the lower of Moody's or S P ratings. 
 (2) Represents derivative transactions cleared with LCH Ltd, the Bank s clearing house, which was rated AA- with a Stable CreditWatch by S P at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The Bank primarily executes overnight index swap derivatives based on SOFR to manage interest rate risk. The following table presents the notional amount of interest rate swaps by interest rate index broken out by the pay or receive leg at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 LIBOR-Indexed Interest Rate Swaps by Interest Rate Index (In millions) 2022 2021 Interest Rate Index Pay Leg Receive Leg Pay Leg Receive Leg Fixed 58,910 57,883 25,846 37,220 LIBOR 55 504 337 1,533 SOFR 57,577 57,523 35,887 22,526 Overnight Index Swap Effective Federal Funds Rate 251 883 996 1,787 Total notional amount 116,793 116,793 63,066 63,066 
 The following tables present the notional amount of interest rate swaps with LIBOR exposure for LIBOR tenors that cease or will no longer be representative immediately after June 30, 2023, by termination date broken out by the pay or receive leg and further bifurcated by cleared and uncleared derivative transactions at December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022, there were no interest rate caps and floors indexed to LIBOR. At December 31, 2021, interest rate caps and floors indexed to LIBOR totaled 550 million. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition for more informati on on the LIBOR transition and on SOFR as an alternative market benchmark. 
 LIBOR-Indexed Interest Rate Swaps by Termination Date December 31, 2022 (In millions) Pay Leg Receive Leg Termination Date Cleared Cleared Uncleared Terminates through June 30, 2023 50 303 19 Terminates thereafter (1) 
 5 182 Total Notional Amount 55 485 19 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 December 31, 2021 (In millions) Pay Leg Receive Leg Termination Date Cleared Uncleared Cleared Uncleared Terminates in 2022 210 35 517 112 Terminates through June 30, 2023 52 309 23 Terminates thereafter (1) 
 40 562 10 Total Notional Amount 302 35 1,388 145 
 (1) For more information on the Bank s Transition Plan, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition. 
 
 Market Risk 
 
 Market risk is defined as the risk to the Bank s market value of capital and future earnings (excluding the impact of any cumulative net gains or losses on derivatives and associated hedged items and on financial instruments carried at fair value) as a result of movements in market interest rates, interest rate spreads, interest rate volatility, and other market factors (market rate factors). This profile reflects the Bank s objective of maintaining a conservative asset-liability mix and its commitment to providing value to its members through products and dividends without subjecting their investments in Bank capital stock to significant market risk. 
 The Bank s Risk Appetite Framework includes a market risk management objective aimed at maintaining a relatively low adverse exposure of the market value of capital and future earnings (excluding the impact of any cumulative net gains or losses on derivatives and associated hedged items and on financial instruments carried at fair value) to changes in market rate factors. See Total Bank Market Risk below. 
 Market risk identification and measurement are primarily accomplished through market value of capital sensitivity analyses and projected earnings and adjusted net interest income as a percent of the capital sensitivity analyses. The Risk Appetite Framework approved by the Bank s board of directors establishes market risk limits and market risk measurement standards at the total Bank level as well as at the business segment level. Additional guidelines approved by the Bank s Enterprise Risk Committee apply to the Bank s two business segments, the advances-related business and the mortgage-related business. These guidelines provide limits that are monitored at the segment level and are consistent with the Bank s Risk Appetite Framework. Market risk is managed for each business segment on a daily basis, as discussed below in Segment Market Risk. Compliance with Bank limits and guidelines is reviewed by the Bank s board of directors on a regular basis, along with a corrective action plan if applicable. 
 Total Bank Market Risk 
 Market Value of Capital Sensitivity The Bank uses market value of capital sensitivity (the interest rate sensitivity of the net fair value of all assets, liabilities, and interest rate exchange agreements) as an important measure of the Bank s exposure to changes in interest rates. 
 The Bank s market value of capital sensitivity risk limits for the potential adverse impact of an instantaneous parallel shift of a plus or minus 100-basis-point change in interest rates from current rates (base case) is no worse than a 3.0 change in the estimated market value of capital. In addition, the risk limits for the potential adverse impact of an instantaneous plus or minus 100-basis-point change in interest rates measured from interest rates that are 200 basis points above or below the base case is no worse than 4.0 of the estimated market value of capital. In the case where a market risk sensitivity compliance metric cannot be estimated with a parallel shift in interest rates because of prevailing low interest rates, the sensitivity metric is not reported. The Bank s measured market value of capital sensitivity was within the limits as of December 31, 2022. 
 To determine the Bank s estimated risk sensitivities to interest rates for the market value of capital sensitivity, the Bank uses a third-party proprietary asset and liability system to calculate estimated market values under alternative interest rate scenarios. The system analyzes all of the Bank s financial instruments, including derivatives, on a 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 transaction-level basis using sophisticated valuation models with consistent and appropriate behavioral assumptions and current position data. The system also includes a third-party mortgage prepayment model. 
 At least annually, the Bank reexamines the major assumptions and methodologies used in the model, including interest rate curves, spreads for discounting, and mortgage prepayment assumptions. The Bank also compares the mortgage prepayment assumptions in the third-party model to other sources, including actual mortgage prepayment history. 
 The following table presents the sensitivity of the market value of capital (the market value of all of the Bank s assets, liabilities, and associated interest rate exchange agreements, with mortgage assets valued using market spreads implied by current market prices) to changes in interest rates. The table presents the estimated percentage change in the Bank s market value of capital that would be expected to result from changes in interest rates under different interest rate scenarios, using market spread assumptions as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Market Value of Capital Sensitivity Estimated Percentage Change in Market Value of Bank Capital for Various Changes in Interest Rates Interest Rate Scenario (1) 
 2022 2021 +200 basis-point change above current rates 2.8 2.3 +100 basis-point change above current rates 1.4 0.9 100 basis-point change below current rates (2) 
 +1.3 +0.5 200 basis-point change below current rates (2) 
 +2.3 +4.9 
 (1) Instantaneous change from actual rates at dates indicated. 
 (2) Interest rates for each maturity are limited to non-negative rates. 
 The Bank s estimates of the sensitivity of the market value of capital to changes in interest rates as of December 31, 2022, are comparable with the estimates as of December 31, 2021, with the exception of the declining rate scenarios. The increase in interest rates from yearend resulted in a larger absolute downward rate shocks for all term points. Compared to yearend, interest rates as of December 31, 2022, have increased ranging from 393 basis points for the one-month Treasury bill, 271 basis points for the five-year Treasury note, and 233 basis points for the 10-year Treasury note. 
 The Bank s Risk Management Policy provides guidelines for the payment of dividends and the repurchase of excess stock based on the ratio of the Bank s estimated market value of total capital to par value of capital stock. If this ratio at the end of any quarter is: (i) less than 100 but greater than or equal to 90 , any dividend would be limited to an annualized rate no greater than the daily average of the Federal funds effective rate for the applicable quarter (subject to certain conditions), and any excess stock repurchases would not exceed 500 million (subject to certain conditions); (ii) less than 90 but greater than or equal to 70 , any dividend and any excess stock repurchases would be subject to the same limitations and conditions as in (i) above, except that any excess stock repurchases would not exceed 4 of the Bank s outstanding capital stock as of the repurchase date; and (iii) less than 70 , the Bank would not pay a dividend, not repurchase excess stock (but continue to redeem excess stock as provided in the Bank s capital plan), limit the acquisition of certain assets, and review the Bank s risk policies. A decision by the board of directors to declare or not declare any dividend or repurchase any excess stock is a discretionary matter and is subject to the requirements and restrictions of the FHLBank Act and applicable requirements under the regulations governing the operations of the FHLBanks. The ratio of the Bank s estimated market value of total capital to par value of capital stock was 205 as of December 31, 2022. 
 Net Interest Income as a Percent of Capital The adjusted net interest income as a percent of capital is a non-GAAP measure used by the Bank to assess financial performance. The measurement is based on current period economic earnings that exclude the effects of unrealized net gains or losses resulting from the Bank s derivatives and associated hedged items and from financial instruments carried at fair value, which will generally reverse through changes in future valuations and settlements of contractual interest cash flows over the remaining contractual terms to maturity or by the call or put date of the assets and liabilities held under the fair value option, 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 hedged assets and liabilities, and derivatives. Economic earnings also exclude the interest expense on mandatorily redeemable capital stock. 
 The Bank s Risk Appetite Framework incorporates a limit on the adverse sensitivity of projected net interest income as a percent of capital. The Bank s net interest income on capital sensitivity limit to the potential adverse impact of an instantaneous parallel shift of a plus or minus 200-basis-point change in interest rates from current rates (base case) to no worse than a 210 basis points change from the base-case projected net interest income on capital. With the indicated interest rate shifts, the net interest income on capital for the 12-month horizon is projected to remain within the limit of 210 basis points. 
 Duration Gap Duration gap is the difference between the estimated durations (market value sensitivity) of assets and liabilities (including the impact of interest rate exchange agreements) and reflects the extent to which estimated maturity and repricing cash flows for assets and liabilities are matched. The Bank monitors duration gap analysis at the total Bank level and does not have a risk limit. 
 Total Bank Duration Gap Analysis 2022 2021 (Dollars in millions) Amount (In millions) Duration Gap (1) 
 (In months) 
 Amount (In millions) Duration Gap (1) 
 (In months) 
 Assets 121,056 1.8 54,121 3.4 Liabilities 113,333 0.9 47,897 3.0 Net 7,723 0.9 6,224 0.4 
 (1) Duration gap values include the impact of interest rate exchange agreements. 
 Segment Market Risk . The financial performance and interest rate risks of each business segment are managed within prescribed guidelines and policy limits. 
 Advances-Related Business Interest rate risk arises from the advances-related business primarily through the use of shareholder-contributed capital and retained earnings to fund fixed rate investments of targeted amounts and maturities. In general, advances result in very little net interest rate risk for the Bank because most fixed rate advances with original maturities greater than three months and all advances with embedded options are simultaneously hedged with an interest rate swap or option with terms to offset the advance. The interest rate swap or option generally is maintained as a hedge for the life of the advance. These hedged advances effectively create a pool of variable rate assets, which, in combination with the strategy of raising debt swapped to variable rate liabilities, creates an advances portfolio with low net interest rate risk. 
 Money market investments used for liquidity management generally have maturities of one month or less. In addition, to increase the Bank s liquidity position, the Bank invests in Treasury securities, generally with terms up to four years. These fixed rate investments are swapped to variable rate investments. 
 The interest rate risk in the advances-related business is primarily associated with the Bank s strategy for investing capital. The Bank s strategy is generally to invest 50 of capital in short-term (maturities of three months or less) and 50 intermediate-term (laddered maturities of up to four years). However, this strategy may be altered from time to time depending on market conditions. The strategy to invest 50 of capital in short-term assets is intended to mitigate the market value of capital risks associated with the potential repurchase or redemption of excess stock. Excess stock usually results from a decline in a borrower s outstanding advances or by a membership termination. Under the Bank s capital plan, capital stock, when repurchased or redeemed, is required to be repurchased or redeemed at its par value of 100 per share, subject to certain regulatory and statutory limits. The strategy to invest 50 of capital in short to intermediate maturities is intended to take advantage of the higher earnings available from a generally positively sloped yield curve, when intermediate-term investments generally have higher yields than short-term investments. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 The Bank updates the repricing and maturity gaps for actual asset, liability, and derivative transactions that occur in the advances-related segment regularly. The Bank regularly compares the targeted repricing and maturity gaps to the actual repricing and maturity gaps to identify rebalancing needs for the targeted gaps. On a weekly basis, the Bank evaluates the projected impact of expected maturities and scheduled repricing of assets, liabilities, and interest rate exchange agreements on the interest rate risk of the advances-related segment. These analyses are used to measure and manage potential reinvestment risk (when the remaining term of advances is shorter than the remaining term of the financing) and potential refinancing risk (when the remaining term of advances is longer than the remaining term of the financing). 
 Because of the short-term and variable rate nature of the assets, liabilities, and derivatives of the advances-related business, the Bank s interest rate risk guidelines address the amounts of net assets that are expected to mature or reprice in a given period. The market value sensitivity analyses and net interest income simulations are also used to identify and measure risk and variances to the target interest rate risk exposure in the advances-related segment. 
 Mortgage-Related Business The Bank s mortgage assets include MBS, most of which are classified as HTM or AFS, with a small amount classified as trading, and mortgage loans held for portfolio purchased under the MPF Program. The Bank is exposed to interest rate risk from the mortgage-related business because the principal cash flows of the mortgage assets and the liabilities that fund them are not exactly matched through time and across all possible interest rate scenarios, given the effect of mortgage prepayments and the existence of interest rate caps on certain adjustable rate MBS. 
 The Bank manages the interest rate risk and market risk of the mortgage-related segment through selected funding and hedging strategies. The total carrying value of MBS and mortgage loans at December 31, 2022, was 11.7 billion, including 10.9 billion in MBS and 816 million in mortgage loans. The total carrying value of MBS and mortgage loans at December 31, 2021, was 14.0 billion, including 13.0 billion in MBS and 981 million in mortgage loans. Floating rate securities, and fixed rate multifamily securities that have been converted to floating rate through the use of interest rate swaps, were 10.3 billion, or 88 , of MBS and mortgage loans at December 31, 2022, and 12.2 billion, or 87 , of MBS and mortgage loans at December 31, 2021. Intermediate and long-term fixed rate assets, whose interest rate and market risks have been partially offset through the use of fixed rate callable debt, fixed rate non-callable debt, and certain interest rate swaps, were 1.4 billion, or 12 , of MBS and mortgage loans, at December 31, 2022, and 1.8 billion, or 13 , of MBS and mortgage loans at December 31, 2021. 
 The estimated market risk of the mortgage-related business is managed both at the time an asset is purchased and on an ongoing basis for the total portfolio. At the time of purchase (for all significant mortgage asset acquisitions), the Bank analyzes the estimated earnings sensitivity and estimated market value sensitivity, taking into consideration the estimated mortgage prepayment sensitivity of the mortgage assets and anticipated funding and hedging activities under various interest rate scenarios. The related funding and hedging transactions are executed at or close to the time of purchase of a mortgage asset. 
 At least monthly, the Bank reviews the estimated market risk profile of the entire portfolio of mortgage assets and related funding and hedging transactions. The Bank then considers rebalancing strategies to modify the estimated mortgage portfolio market risk profile. Periodically, the Bank performs more in-depth analyses, which include an analysis of the impacts of non-parallel shifts in the yield curve and assessments of the impacts of unanticipated mortgage prepayment behavior. Based on these analyses, the Bank may take actions to rebalance the mortgage portfolio s market risk profile. These rebalancing strategies may include entering into new funding and hedging transactions, forgoing or modifying certain funding or hedging transactions normally executed with new mortgage purchases, or terminating certain funding and hedging transactions for the mortgage asset portfolio. 
 The Bank manages the estimated interest rate risk associated with mortgage assets, including mortgage prepayment risk, through a combination of debt issuance and derivatives. The Bank may obtain funding through callable and non-callable FHLBank System debt and may execute derivative transactions to achieve principal cash flow patterns and market value sensitivities for the liabilities and derivatives that provide a significant offset to the interest rate and mortgage prepayment risks associated with the mortgage assets. Debt issued to finance mortgage assets may be fixed rate debt, callable fixed rate debt, adjustable rate debt, or callable adjustable rate debt. Derivatives may be 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 used as temporary hedges of anticipated debt issuance or long-term hedges of debt used to finance the mortgage assets. The derivatives used to hedge the interest rate risk of fixed rate mortgage assets generally may be callable and non-callable pay-fixed interest rate swaps. Derivatives may also be used to offset the interest rate cap risk embedded in adjustable rate MBS. 
 As discussed above in Total Bank Market Risk Market Value of Capital Sensitivity, the Bank uses market value of capital sensitivity as a primary market value metric for measuring the Bank s exposure to interest rates. The Bank s interest rate risk limits and guidelines for the mortgage-related business address the market value of capital sensitivity of the assets, liabilities, and derivatives of the mortgage-related business. 
 The following table presents results of the estimated market value of capital sensitivity analysis attributable to the mortgage-related business as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Market Value of Capital Sensitivity Estimated Percentage Change in Market Value of Bank Capital Attributable to the Mortgage-Related Business for Various Changes in Interest Rates Interest Rate Scenario (1) 
 2022 2021 +200 basis-point change 0.5 0.5 +100 basis-point change 0.2 0.1 100 basis-point change (2) 
 +0.1 0.2 200 basis-point change (2) 
 +0.1 +2.6 
 (1) Instantaneous change from actual rates at dates indicated. 
 (2) Interest rates for each maturity are limited to non-negative rates. 
 The explanations for the changes in Bank s estimates of the sensitivity of the market value of capital to changes in interest rates attributable to the mortgage-related business from December 31, 2021, to December 31, 2022, are the same as the explanations for the sensitivity of the market value of capital attributable to all of the Bank s assets, liabilities, and associated interest rate exchange agreements. 

Interest Rate Exchange Agreements 
 A derivative transaction or interest rate exchange agreement is a financial contract whose fair value is generally derived from changes in the value of an underlying asset or liability. The Bank uses interest rate swaps; interest rate cap and floor agreements; and callable and putable interest rate swaps (collectively, interest rate exchange agreements) to manage its exposure to market risks inherent in its ordinary course of business, including its lending, investment, and funding activities. 
 The Bank uses interest rate exchange agreements to implement the following hedging strategies for addressing market risk: 
 To convert fixed rate advances to adjustable rate structures, which reduces the Bank s exposure to fixed interest rates. 
 To convert certain adjustable rate indexed advances to other adjustable rate structures, which reduces the Bank s exposure to basis risk. 
 To convert fixed rate consolidated obligations to adjustable rate structures, which reduces the Bank s exposure to fixed interest rates. (A combined structure of the callable derivative and callable debt instrument is usually lower in cost than a comparable adjustable rate debt instrument, allowing the Bank to reduce its funding costs.) 
 To convert certain adjustable rate indexed consolidated obligations to other adjustable rate structures, which reduces the Bank s exposure to basis risk. 
 To reduce the interest rate sensitivity and modify the repricing frequency of assets and liabilities. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 To obtain callable fixed rate equivalent funding by entering into a callable pay-fixed interest rate swap in connection with the issuance of a short-term discount note. The callable fixed rate equivalent funding is used to reduce the Bank s exposure to prepayment of mortgage assets. 
 To offset an embedded option in an advance. 
 
 The following table summarizes the Bank s interest rate exchange agreements by type of hedged item, hedging instrument, associated hedging strategy, accounting designation as specified under the accounting for derivative instruments and hedging activities, and notional amount as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Rate Exchange Agreements (In millions) Notional Amount Hedging Instrument Hedging Strategy Hedge Designation 2022 2021 Hedged Item: Advances Pay fixed, receive adjustable interest rate swap Fixed rate advance converted to an adjustable rate Fair Value Hedge 33,793 9,983 Received fixed, pay adjustable interest rate swap Adjustable rate advance converted to a fixed rate Economic Hedge (1) 
 2,260 1,905 Pay fixed, receive adjustable interest rate swap Fixed rate advance converted to an adjustable rate Economic Hedge (1) 
 9,800 2,221 Pay fixed, receive adjustable interest rate swap; swap may be callable at the Bank s option or putable at the counterparty s option Fixed rate advance (with or without an embedded cap) converted to an adjustable rate; advance and swap may be callable or putable; matched to advance accounted for under the fair value option Economic Hedge (1) 
 2,105 1,716 Subtotal Economic Hedges (1) 
 14,165 5,842 Total 47,958 15,825 Hedged Item: Non-Callable Bonds Receive fixed or structured, pay adjustable interest rate swap Fixed rate or structured rate non-callable bond converted to an adjustable rate Fair Value Hedge 6,216 2,169 Receive fixed or structured, pay adjustable interest rate swap Fixed rate or structured rate non-callable bond converted to an adjustable rate Economic Hedge (1) 
 30 30 Receive fixed or structured, pay adjustable interest rate swap Fixed rate or structured rate non-callable bond converted to an adjustable rate; matched to non-callable bond accounted for under the fair value option Economic Hedge (1) 
 1,845 Subtotal Economic Hedges (1) 
 1,875 30 Total 8,091 2,199 Hedged Item: Callable Bonds Receive fixed or structured, pay adjustable interest rate swap with an option to call at the counterparty s option Fixed or structured rate callable bond converted to an adjustable rate; swap is callable Fair Value Hedge 16,730 11,413 Receive fixed or structured, pay adjustable interest rate swap with an option to call at the counterparty s option Fixed or structured rate callable bond converted to an adjustable rate; swap is callable Economic Hedge (1) 
 960 765 Receive fixed or structured, pay adjustable interest rate swap with an option to call at the counterparty s option Fixed or structured rate callable bond converted to an adjustable rate; swap is callable; matched to callable bond accounted for under the fair value option Economic Hedge (1) 
 433 618 Subtotal Economic Hedges (1) 
 1,393 1,383 Total 18,123 12,796 Hedged Item: Discount Notes Pay fixed, receive adjustable callable interest rate swap Discount note, which may have been previously converted to an adjustable rate, converted to fixed rate callable debt that offsets the prepayment risk of mortgage assets Economic Hedge (1) 
 50 50 Basis swap or receive fixed, pay adjustable interest rate swap Discount note converted to short-term adjustable rate to hedge repricing gaps Economic Hedge (1) 
 28,714 16,755 Pay fixed, receive adjustable non-callable interest rate swap Discount note, which may have been previously converted to an adjustable rate, converted to fixed rate non-callable debt that offsets the interest rate risk of mortgage assets Economic Hedge (1) 
 100 Total 28,764 16,905 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Rate Exchange Agreements (continued) (In millions) Notional Amount Hedging Instrument Hedging Strategy Hedge Designation 2022 2021 Hedged Item: Investment Securities Pay fixed, receive adjustable interest rate swap Fixed rate investment securities converted to an adjustable rate Fair Value Hedge 12,465 7,961 Pay fixed, receive adjustable interest rate swap Fixed rate investment securities converted to an adjustable rate Economic Hedge (1) 
 250 Interest rate cap Interest rate cap used to offset cap risk embedded in floating rate investment securities Economic Hedge (1) 
 550 Subtotal Economic Hedges (1) 
 800 Total 12,465 8,761 Hedged Item: Offsetting Derivatives Pay fixed, receive adjustable interest rate swap and receive fixed, pay adjustable interest rate swap Interest rate swap used to offset the economic effect of interest rate swap that is no longer designated to advances, investments, or consolidated obligations Economic Hedge (1) 
 1,392 7,130 Total 1,392 7,130 Total Notional Amount 116,793 63,616 
 (1) Economic hedges are derivatives that are matched to balance sheet instruments or other derivatives that do not meet the requirements for hedge accounting under the accounting for derivative instruments and hedging activities. 
 Although the Bank uses interest rate exchange agreements to achieve the specific financial objectives described above, certain transactions do not qualify for hedge accounting (economic hedges). An economic hedge introduces the potential for earnings variability caused by changes in the fair value of the derivatives that are recorded in the Bank s income but are not offset by corresponding changes in the value of the economically hedged assets and liabilities. Finance Agency regulations and the Bank s Risk Management Policy prohibit the speculative use of interest rate exchange agreements, and the Bank does not trade derivatives for profit. 
 It is the Bank s policy to use interest rate exchange agreements only to reduce the market risk exposures inherent in the otherwise unhedged asset and funding positions of the Bank and to achieve other financial objectives of the Bank, such as obtaining low-cost funding for advances and mortgage assets. The primary objective of the financial management practices of the Bank is to preserve and enhance the long-term economic performance and risk management of the Bank. In accordance with the accounting for derivative instruments and hedging activities, reported net income and other comprehensive income will likely exhibit period-to-period volatility, which may be significant. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) requires management to make a number of judgments, estimates, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, if applicable, and the reported amounts of income, expenses, gains, and losses during the reporting period. Changes in these judgments, estimates, and assumptions could potentially affect the Bank s financial position and results of operations significantly. Although the Bank believes these judgments, estimates, and assumptions to be reasonably accurate, actual results may differ. 
 The Bank has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they require the Bank to make subjective or complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because of the likelihood that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. These policies and estimates are: 
 accounting for derivatives; 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 estimating fair values of investments classified as trading and AFS, derivatives and associated hedged items carried at fair value in accordance with the accounting for derivative instruments and associated hedging activities, and financial instruments carried at fair value under the fair value option; 
 and 
 estimating the prepayment speeds on MBS and mortgage loans for the accounting of amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts and credit losses previously recorded prior to the adoption of new accounting guidance related to the measurement of credit losses on MBS and mortgage loans. 
 These policies and the judgments, estimates, and assumptions are also described in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 Accounting for Derivatives 
 Accounting for derivatives includes the following assumptions and estimates by the Bank: (i) assessing whether the hedging relationship qualifies for hedge accounting, (ii) assessing whether an embedded derivative should be bifurcated, (iii) calculating the estimated effectiveness of the hedging relationship, (iv) evaluating exposure associated with counterparty credit risk, and (v) estimating the fair value of the derivatives (which is discussed in Fair Values below). The Bank s assumptions and judgments include subjective calculations and estimates based on information available as of the date of the financial statements and could be materially different based on different assumptions, calculations, and estimates. 
 For additional discussion of the Bank s accounting for derivatives, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 14 Derivatives and Hedging Activities. 
 Assessment of Effectiveness. Highly effective hedging relationships that use interest rate swaps as the hedging instrument and that meet certain criteria under the accounting for derivative instruments and hedging activities may qualify for the short-cut method of assessing effectiveness. The short-cut method allows the Bank to make the assumption of no ineffectiveness, which means that the change in fair value of the hedged item can be assumed to be equal to the change in fair value of the derivative. No further evaluation of effectiveness is performed for these hedging relationships unless a critical term is changed. Included in these hedging relationships may be hedged items for which the settlement of the hedged item occurs within the shortest period of time possible for the type of instrument based on market settlement conventions. The Bank defines market settlement conventions to be 5 business days or less for advances and 30 calendar days, using a next business day convention, for consolidated obligations. The Bank designates the hedged item in a qualifying hedging relationship as of its trade date. Although the hedged item will not be recognized in the financial statements until the settlement date, in certain circumstances when the fair value of the hedging instrument is zero on the trade date, the Bank believes that it meets a condition that allows the use of the short-cut method. The Bank then records the changes in fair value of the derivative and the hedged item beginning on the trade date. 
 For a hedging relationship that does not qualify for the short-cut method, the Bank measures its effectiveness using the long-haul method, in which the change in fair value of the hedged item must be measured separately from the change in fair value of the derivative. The Bank designs effectiveness testing criteria based on its knowledge of the hedged item and hedging instrument that were employed to create the hedging relationship. The Bank uses regression analyses or other statistical analyses to evaluate effectiveness results, which must fall within established tolerances. Effectiveness testing is performed at inception and on at least a quarterly basis for both prospective considerations and retrospective evaluations. 
 Hedge Discontinuance. When a hedging relationship fails the effectiveness test, the Bank immediately discontinues hedge accounting for that relationship. In addition, the Bank discontinues hedge accounting when it is no longer probable that a forecasted transaction will occur in the original expected time period and when a hedged firm commitment no longer meets the required criteria of a firm commitment. The Bank treats modifications of hedged items (such as a reduction in par value, change in maturity date, or change in strike rates) as a termination of a hedge relationship. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Credit Risk for Counterparties. The Bank is subject to credit risk as a result of potential nonperformance by counterparties to the derivative agreements. All uncleared derivatives with counterparties that are members of the Bank and that are not derivative dealers, in which the Bank serves as an intermediary, are fully secured by eligible collateral and are subject to both the Bank s Advances and Security Agreement and a master netting agreement. For all derivative dealer counterparties, the Bank selects only highly rated derivative dealers and major banks that meet the Bank's eligibility requirements. In addition, the Bank enters into master netting agreements and bilateral security agreements with all active derivative dealer and major bank counterparties that provide for delivery of collateral at specified levels tied to counterparty credit rating to limit the Bank s net unsecured credit exposure to these counterparties. The Bank makes judgments on each counterparty s creditworthiness and estimates of collateral values in analyzing its credit risk for nonperformance by counterparties. In addition, the Bank is subject to nonperformance by the clearing house(s) and clearing agents. The requirement that the Bank post initial and variation margin through the clearing agent to the clearing house exposes the Bank to institutional credit risk in the event that the clearing agent or the clearing house fails to meet its obligations. However, the use of cleared derivatives mitigates the Bank s overall credit risk exposure because a central counterparty is substituted for individual counterparties and variation margin is posted daily for changes in the value of cleared derivatives through a clearing agent. See additional discussion of credit exposure to derivatives counterparties in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Credit Risk Derivative Counterparties. 
 Fair Values 
 Fair value measurement guidance defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value under U.S. GAAP, and stipulates disclosures about fair value measurements. This guidance applies whenever other accounting pronouncements require or permit assets or liabilities to be measured at fair value. The Bank uses fair value measurements to record fair value adjustments for certain assets and liabilities and to determine fair value disclosures. 
 Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value is a market-based measurement, and the price used to measure fair value is an exit price considered from the perspective of the market participant that holds the asset or owes the liability. 
 This guidance establishes a three-level fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs into the valuation technique used to measure fair value. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: 
 Level 1 Quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in an active market that the reporting entity can access on the measurement date. An active market for the asset or liability is a market in which the transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. 
 Level 2 Inputs other than quoted prices within Level 1 that are observable inputs for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. If the asset or liability has a specified (contractual) term, a Level 2 input must be observable for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. Level 2 inputs include the following: (1) quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; (2) quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; (3) inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g., interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals, and implied volatilities); and (4) inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means. 
 Level 3 Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. Valuations are derived from techniques that use significant assumptions not observable in the market, which include pricing models, discounted cash flow models, or similar techniques. 
 A financial instrument's categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 The use of fair value to measure the Bank s financial instruments is fundamental to the Bank s financial statements and is a critical accounting estimate because a significant portion of the Bank s assets and liabilities are carried at fair value. 
 The following assets and liabilities, including those for which the Bank has elected the fair value option, are carried at fair value on the Statements of Condition as of December 31, 2022: 
 Trading securities 
 AFS securities 
 Certain advances 
 Derivative assets and liabilities 
 Certain consolidated obligation bonds 
 Certain other assets 
 In general, these items carried at fair value are categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy and are valued primarily using inputs that are observable in the marketplace or can be substantially derived from observable market data. 
 The total notional amount of derivatives as of December 31, 2022, was 116.8 billion, of which 59 were designated as hedging instruments, and the fair value of derivative assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022, was 26 million and 2 million, respectively. The fair values of interest rate-related derivatives and hedged items are estimated using internally developed discounted cash flow models that use market-observable inputs, such as swap rates and volatility assumptions. 
 Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, that is, the instruments are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustment in certain circumstances. At December 31, 2022, the Bank measured certain mortgage loans held for portfolio on a nonrecurring basis at Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 The Bank monitors and evaluates the inputs into its fair value measurements to ensure that the asset or liability is properly categorized in the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Because items classified as Level 3 are generally based on unobservable inputs, the process to determine the fair value of such items is generally more subjective and involves a higher degree of judgment and assumptions by the Bank. 
 The Bank employs internal control processes to validate the fair value of its financial instruments. These control processes are designed to ensure that the fair value measurements used for financial reporting are based on observable inputs wherever possible. In the event that observable market-based inputs are not available, the control processes are designed to ensure that the valuation approach used is appropriate and consistently applied and that the assumptions and judgments made are reasonable. The Bank s control processes provide for segregation of duties and oversight of the fair value methodologies and valuations by the Bank. Valuation models are regularly reviewed by the Bank and are subject to an independent model validation process. Any changes to the valuation methodology or the models are also reviewed to confirm that the changes are appropriate. 
 The assumptions and judgments applied by the Bank may have a significant effect on its estimates of fair value, and the use of different assumptions as well as changes in market conditions could have a material effect on the Bank s results of operations or financial condition. See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 15 Fair Value for further information regarding the fair value measurement guidance (including the classification within the fair value hierarchy) and the summary of valuation methodologies and primary inputs used to measure fair value for all the Bank s assets and liabilities carried at fair value. 
 The Bank continues to refine its valuation methodologies as markets and products develop and the pricing for certain products becomes more or less transparent. While the Bank believes that its valuation methodologies are appropriate and consistent with those of other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a materially different 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 estimate of fair value as of the reporting date. These fair values may not represent the actual values of the financial instruments that could have been realized as of yearend or that will be realized in the future. Although the Bank uses its best judgment in estimating the fair value of these financial instruments, there are inherent limitations in any estimation technique or valuation methodology. 
 Amortization of Premiums and Accretion of Discounts and Credit Losses Previously Recorded Prior to the Adoption of New Accounting Guidance Related to the Measurement of Credit Losses on MBS and Mortgage Loans 
 When the Bank purchases MBS and mortgage loans, it does not necessarily pay the seller the par value of the MBS or the exact amount of the unpaid principal balance of the mortgage loans. If the Bank pays more than the par value or the unpaid principal balance, purchasing the asset at a premium, the premium reduces the yield the Bank recognizes on the asset below the coupon rate. Conversely, if the Bank pays less than the par value or the unpaid principal balance, purchasing the asset at a discount, the discount increases the yield above the coupon rate. 
 The Bank amortizes premiums and accretes discounts from the acquisition dates of the MBS and mortgage loans. The Bank applies the level-yield method on a retrospective basis over the estimated life of the MBS and purchased mortgage loans for which prepayments reasonably can be expected and estimated. This method requires a retrospective adjustment of the effective yield each time the Bank changes the estimated life as if the new estimate had been known since the original acquisition date of the securities. Use of the retrospective method may increase volatility of reported earnings during periods of changing interest rates, and the use of different estimates or assumptions as well as changes in external factors could produce significantly different results. 
 For securities previously identified as other-than-temporarily impaired, the Bank recognizes accretion or amortization of credit losses previously recorded prior to the adoption of new accounting guidance related to the measurement of credit losses along with the net interest income associated with the securities effective yield in net interest income in the Statements of Income. For securities classified as HTM, the previously recorded credit losses in AOCI are accreted to the carrying value of each security on a prospective basis, based on the amount and timing of future estimated cash flows (with no effect on earnings unless the security is subsequently sold or there are additional decreases in cash flows expected to be collected). For securities classified as AFS, the Bank does not accrete the previously recorded credit losses in AOCI to the carrying value because the subsequent measurement basis for these securities is fair value. The total accretion or amortization associated with the previously recorded credit losses was 55 million and 70 million, for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Bank updates its estimate of future expected cash flows for previously other-than-temporarily impaired securities on a regular basis. If there is no additional impairment on the security, any improvement in expected cash flows is accreted into interest income. This accretion, included in the total accretion or amortization amounts above, totaled 36 million and 51 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 As a result of the improvements in expected cash flows and resulting decreases in estimated lifetime losses, the Bank has recognized significant amounts of accretion-related income since 2015. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank estimates that it will accrete approximately 61 million of additional interest income associated with the reduction in previously recorded credit losses over the life of the securities. The net accretion of income is likely to continue to be a positive source of net interest income in future periods until the associated MBS mature. Expected maturities of MBS will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay the underlying obligations. This estimate of accretion of additional interest income and effect on future interest income is a forward-looking statement. The Bank updates its estimates on an ongoing basis, and actual results may differ materially from the Bank s current estimation. 

Recently Issued Accounting Guidance and Interpretations 
 See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 2 Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Guidance for a discussion of recently issued accounting standards and interpretations. 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Recent Developments 
 Finance Agency s Review and Analysis of the Federal Home Loan Bank System FHLBank System at 100: Focusing on the Future. On July 20, 2022, Finance Agency s Director Sandra L. Thompson provided testimony to the U.S. House Committee on Financial Services, indicating that the Finance Agency would conduct a review and analysis of the FHLBank System. As part of its review and analysis, the Finance Agency has held a series of public listening sessions and regional roundtable discussions and has requested written comments from stakeholders. The review has been examining matters such as the FHLBanks adequate fulfillment of their mission and purpose in a changing marketplace; their organization, operational efficiency, and effectiveness; their role in promoting affordable, sustainable, equitable, and resilient housing and community investment; their role in addressing the unique needs of rural and financially vulnerable communities; member products, services, collateral requirements; and membership eligibility and requirements. The Bank anticipates that the Finance Agency s review and analysis will culminate in a written report. The report may involve recommendations for changes related to a number of areas such as the FHLBanks fulfillment of their mission, membership requirements, contributions to affordable housing and support to community investment and may lead to recommendations for statutory revisions, proposals for new or modified regulations, regulatory guidance under existing regulations, or other regulatory or supervisory actions consistent with the Finance Agency s statutory authority. 
 
 Final Rule Implementing the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act . The Federal Reserve Board of Governors adopted a final rule that implements the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act. The rule identifies which benchmark rates based on SOFR (Secured Overnight Financing Rate) will replace LIBOR in certain financial contracts upon LIBOR s discontinuation as of June 30, 2023 (the replacement date ). Generally, the rule provides that Board-selected benchmark replacements will apply by operation of law to contracts which have the following characteristics: (a) contain no fallback provisions; (b) contain fallback provisions but fail to specify either the fallback rate or the party that can determine the fallback rate; or (c) contain a fallback provision that identifies the party that can determine the fallback rate, but the determining party has failed to do so before (i) the LIBOR replacement date or (ii) the latest date to select a benchmark replacement according to the contract terms. If an FHLBank advance has any of the above characteristics, the fallback rate (SOFR) will be calculated under the ISDA protocol. For any other FHLBank contract with the above characteristics, references to one-, three-, six, or 12-month LIBOR will be replaced with 30-day Average SOFR plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment specified in the LIBOR Act. 
 
 The Bank continues to monitor these actions and guidance as they evolve and to evaluate their potential impact on the Bank. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition Risk Management Market Risk. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Financial Statements: Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 81 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 81 
 Statements of Condition as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 84 
 Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 85 
 Statements of Comprehensive Income / (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 86 
 Statements of Capital Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 87 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 88 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 90 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The management of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco (Bank) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over the Bank's financial reporting. The Bank s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. There are inherent limitations in the ability of internal control over financial reporting to provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives. These inherent limitations include the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls. Accordingly, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. These inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process, however, and it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, although not eliminate, this risk. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Bank s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This assessment was based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management concludes that, as of December 31, 2022, the Bank maintained effective internal control over financial reporting. The effectiveness of the Bank's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the Bank's independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report appearing on the following page, which expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Bank s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

81 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying statements of condition of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco (the FHLBank as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of income, comprehensive income/(loss), capital accounts and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). We also have audited the FHLBank s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the FHLBank as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the FHLBank maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The FHLBank s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the FHLBank s financial statements and on the FHLBank s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the FHLBank in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Valuation of Interest Rate-Related Derivatives and Hedged Items 
 As described in Notes 14 and 15 to the financial statements, the FHLBank uses derivatives to reduce funding costs and to manage its exposure to interest rate risks. The total notional amount of derivatives as of December 31, 2022 was 117 billion, of which 59 were designated as hedging instruments, and the fair value of derivative assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 was 26 million and 2 million, respectively. The fair values of interest rate-related derivatives and hedged items are estimated using internally developed discounted cash flow models that use market-observable inputs, such as swap rates and volatility assumptions. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of interest rate-related derivatives and hedged items is a critical audit matter are the significant audit effort in evaluating the swap rates and volatility assumptions used to fair value these derivatives and hedged items, and the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of interest rate-related derivatives and hedged items, including controls over the models, data, and assumptions. These procedures also included, among others, the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in developing an independent range of prices for a sample of interest rate-related derivatives and hedged items and comparison of management s estimate to the independently developed ranges. Developing the independent range of prices involved testing the completeness and accuracy of data provided by management and independently developing the swap rates and volatility assumptions. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 We have served as the FHLBank s auditor since 1990. 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Statements of Condition 
 (In millions-except par value) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets: Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits Securities purchased under agreements to resell Federal funds sold Trading securities Available-for-sale (AFS) securities, net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively (amortized cost of and , respectively) (a) 
 Held-to-maturity (HTM) securities (fair values of and , respectively) 
 Advances (includes and at fair value under the fair value option, respectively) 
 Mortgage loans held for portfolio, net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively 
 Accrued interest receivable Derivative assets, net Other assets Total Assets Liabilities: Deposits Consolidated obligations: Bonds (includes and at fair value under the fair value option, respectively) 
 Discount notes Total consolidated obligations Mandatorily redeemable capital stock Accrued interest payable Affordable Housing Program (AHP) payable Derivative liabilities, net Other liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 16) Capital: Capital stock Class B Putable par value) issued and outstanding: 
 shares and shares, respectively 
 Unrestricted retained earnings Restricted retained earnings Total Retained Earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) (AOCI) ) Total Capital Total Liabilities and Capital 
 (a) million and million, respectively, of these securities were pledged as collateral that may be repledged. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Statements of Income 
 For the Years Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Interest Income: Advances Prepayment fees on advances, net ) Interest-bearing deposits Securities purchased under agreements to resell Federal funds sold Trading securities AFS securities HTM securities Mortgage loans held for portfolio Total Interest Income Interest Expense: Consolidated obligations: Bonds Discount notes Deposits Borrowings from other Federal Home Loan Banks Mandatorily redeemable capital stock Total Interest Expense Net Interest Income Provision for/(reversal of) credit losses ) Net Interest Income After Provision for/(Reversal of) Credit Losses Other Income/(Loss): Net gain/(loss) on trading securities ) Net gain/(loss) on advances and consolidated obligation bonds held under fair value option ) ) Net gain/(loss) on derivatives ) ) Private-label residential mortgage-backed securities (PLRMBS) trust settlement 
 Gain on disgorgement settlement Standby letters of credit fees Other, net ) Total Other Income/(Loss) ) ) Other Expense: Compensation and benefits Other operating expense Federal Housing Finance Agency Office of Finance Other, net ) ) Total Other Expense Income/(Loss) Before Assessment AHP Assessment Net Income/(Loss) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Statements of Comprehensive Income/(Loss) 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net Income/(Loss) Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss): Net unrealized gain/(loss) on AFS securities ) ) Net change in pension and postretirement benefits ) Net non-credit-related gain/(loss) on HTM securities Total other comprehensive income/(loss) ) ) Total Comprehensive Income/(Loss) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Statements of Capital Accounts 

Capital Stock Class B Putable Retained Earnings Total Capital (In millions) Shares Par Value Restricted Unrestricted Total AOCI Balance, December 31, 2019 Adjustment for cumulative effect of accounting change ) ) ) Comprehensive income/(loss) ) Issuance of capital stock Repurchase of capital stock ) ) ) Capital stock reclassified from/(to) mandatorily redeemable capital stock, net ) ) Partial recovery of prior capital distribution to Financing Corporation Cash dividends paid on capital stock 
 ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 
 Comprehensive income/(loss) Issuance of capital stock Repurchase of capital stock ) ) ) Capital stock reclassified from/(to) mandatorily redeemable capital stock, net ) ) Transfers from restricted retained earnings ) Cash dividends paid on capital stock 
 ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Comprehensive income/(loss) ) ) Issuance of capital stock Repurchase of capital stock ) ) ) Capital stock reclassified from/(to) mandatorily redeemable capital stock, net ) ) ) Transfers from restricted retained earnings ) Cash dividends paid on capital stock 
 ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Statements of Cash Flows 

 For the Years Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net Income/(Loss) Adjustments to reconcile net income/(loss) to net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization/(accretion) Provision for/(reversal of) credit losses ) Change in net fair value of trading securities ) Change in net fair value adjustment on advances and consolidated obligation bonds held under the fair value option ) Change in net derivatives and hedging activities ) PLRMBS trust settlement ) Other adjustments, net Net change in: Accrued interest receivable ) Other assets ) ) Accrued interest payable ) Other liabilities ) ) ) PLRMBS contingent liability ) Total adjustments ) Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Net change in: Interest-bearing deposits ) ) Securities purchased under agreements to resell ) ) Federal funds sold ) Trading securities: Proceeds from maturities and paydowns Purchases ) AFS securities: Proceeds from sales Proceeds from maturities and paydowns Purchases ) ) ) HTM securities: Proceeds from maturities and paydowns Advances: Repaid Originated ) ) ) Mortgage loans held for portfolio: Principal collected Purchases ) ) Other investing activities, net ) ) Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities ) 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 

For the Years Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Net change in deposits and other financing activities ) Net (payments)/proceeds on derivative contracts with financing elements ) ) ) Net proceeds from issuance of consolidated obligations: Bonds Discount notes Payments for matured and retired consolidated obligations: Bonds ) ) ) Discount notes ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of capital stock Payments for repurchase/redemption of mandatorily redeemable capital stock ) ) ) Payments for repurchase of capital stock ) ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Partial recovery of prior capital distribution to Financing Corporation Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities ) ) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and due from banks ) ) Cash and due from banks at beginning of the period Cash and due from banks at end of the period Supplemental Disclosures: Interest paid AHP payments Supplemental Disclosures of Noncash Investing and Financing Activities: Transfers of HTM securities to AFS securities Transfers of capital stock to mandatorily redeemable capital stock 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

Background Information 
 
 The Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco (Bank), a federally chartered corporation exempt from ordinary federal, state, and local taxation except real property taxes, is one of 11 regional Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBanks). The FHLBanks are government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) that serve the public by enhancing the availability of credit for residential mortgages and targeted community development by providing a readily available, competitively priced source of funds to their member institutions. Each FHLBank is operated as a separate entity with its own management, employees, and board of directors. The Bank does not have any special purpose entities or any other type of off-balance sheet conduits. The Bank has a cooperative ownership structure. Regulated financial depositories and insurance companies engaged in residential housing finance, with principal places of business located in Arizona, California, and Nevada, are eligible to apply for membership. In addition, authorized community development financial institutions are eligible to be members of the Bank. All members are required to purchase capital stock in the Bank. State and local housing authorities that meet certain statutory criteria may also borrow from the Bank. While eligible to borrow, these housing authorities are not members of the Bank, and, as such, are not required to hold capital stock. To access the Bank s products and services, a financial institution must be approved for membership and purchase capital stock in the Bank. The member's capital stock requirement is generally based on its use of Bank products, subject to a minimum asset-based membership requirement that is intended to reflect the value to the member of having ready access to the Bank as a reliable source of competitively priced funds. Bank capital stock is issued, transferred, redeemed, and repurchased at its par value of 100 per share, subject to certain regulatory and statutory limits. It is not publicly traded. All shareholders may receive dividends on their capital stock, to the extent declared by the Bank s board of directors. 
 
 The Bank conducts business with members in the ordinary course of business. See Note 17 Transactions with Certain Members, Certain Nonmembers, and Other FHLBanks for more information. 
 
 The Federal Housing Finance Agency (Finance Agency), an independent federal agency in the executive branch of the United States government, supervises and regulates the FHLBanks and the FHLBanks Office of Finance. 
 
 The Office of Finance is a joint office of the FHLBanks that facilitates the issuance and servicing of the debt instruments (consolidated obligations) of the FHLBanks and prepares the combined quarterly and annual financial reports of the FHLBanks. 
 
 The primary source of funds for the FHLBanks is the proceeds from the sale to the public of the FHLBanks consolidated obligations through the Office of Finance using authorized securities dealers. As provided by the Federal Home Loan Bank Act of 1932, as amended (FHLBank Act), or regulations governing the operations of the FHLBanks, all the FHLBanks have joint and several liability for all FHLBank consolidated obligations. Other funds are provided by deposits, other borrowings, and the issuance of capital stock to members. The Bank primarily uses these funds to provide advances to members. 

90 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

91 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

of the principal outstanding at acquisition because of prepayments on the debt security or scheduled payments on a debt security payable in equal installments (both principal and interest) over its term. 
 The Bank calculates the amortization of purchase premiums and accretion of purchase discounts on investments using the level-yield method on a retrospective basis over the estimated life of the securities. This method requires a retrospective adjustment of the effective yield each time the Bank changes the estimated life as if the new estimate had been known since the original acquisition date of the securities. The Bank uses nationally recognized, market-based, third-party prepayment models to project estimated lives. 
 On a quarterly basis, the Bank evaluates its individual AFS investment securities in an unrealized loss position for impairment. A security is considered impaired when its fair value is less than its amortized cost basis. With respect to any debt security, a credit loss is defined as the amount by which the amortized cost basis exceeds the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected. If a credit loss exists but the entity does not intend to sell the debt security and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell the debt security before the anticipated recovery of its remaining amortized cost basis (the amortized cost basis less any current-period credit loss), an allowance for credit losses is recorded with a corresponding adjustment to the provision for/(reversal of) credit losses. The allowance is limited by the amount of the unrealized loss. Accrued interest receivable is recorded separately on the Statements of Condition. The allowance for credit losses excludes uncollectible accrued interest receivable, which is measured separately. 
 If management intends to sell an impaired security classified as AFS, or more likely than not will be required to sell the security before expected recovery of its amortized cost basis, any allowance for credit losses is written off and the amortized cost basis is written down to the security s fair value at the reporting date with any incremental impairment reported in earnings as net unrealized gain/(loss) on AFS securities. If management does not intend to sell an impaired security classified as AFS and it is not more likely than not that management will be required to sell the debt security, then the credit portion of the difference is recognized as an allowance for credit losses and any remaining difference between the security s fair value and amortized cost is recorded to net unrealized gain/(loss) on AFS securities within other comprehensive income/(loss). 
 On a quarterly basis, the Bank evaluates its HTM investment securities for expected credit losses on a pool basis unless an individual assessment is deemed necessary because the securities do not possess similar risk 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

93 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

difference in the present value of the cash flows or if the Bank concludes that the difference between the advances is not more than minor based on a qualitative assessment of the modifications made to the previous advance's contractual terms, then the subsequent advance is accounted for as a modification. Modification requests with a difference in cash flows that is more than minor are not accepted by the Bank. 
 Prepayment Fees. When a borrower prepays certain advances prior to the original maturity, the Bank may charge the borrower a prepayment fee. For certain advances with full or partial prepayment symmetry, the Bank may charge the borrower a prepayment fee or pay the borrower a prepayment credit, depending on certain circumstances, such as movements in interest rates, when the advance is prepaid. In November 2018, the Bank discontinued offering advances with partial prepayment symmetry. 
 For prepaid advances that are hedged and meet the hedge accounting requirements, the Bank terminates the hedging relationship upon prepayment and records the associated fair value gains and losses, adjusted for the prepayment fees, in interest income. If a new advance represents a modification of an original hedged advance, the fair value gains or losses on the advance and the prepayment fees are included in the carrying amount of the modified advance, and gains or losses and prepayment fees are amortized in interest income over the life of the modified advance using the level-yield method. If the modified advance is also hedged and the hedge meets the hedge accounting requirements, the modified advance is marked to fair value after the modification, and subsequent fair value changes are recorded in interest income on advances. If the prepayment represents an extinguishment of the original hedged advance, the prepayment fee and any fair value gain or loss are immediately recognized in interest income. 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

, if still in place. 
 (3) Losses that exceed the liquidation value of the real property and any primary mortgage insurance, up to an agreed-upon amount called the first loss account for each master commitment, are incurred by the Bank. 
 (4) Losses in excess of the first loss account for each master commitment, up to an agreed-upon amount called the credit enhancement amount, are covered by the participating financial institution s credit enhancement obligation at the time losses are incurred. 
 (5) Losses in excess of the first loss account and the participating financial institution s remaining credit enhancement for the master commitment, if any, are incurred by the Bank. 
 Under the MPF Program, the participating financial institution s credit enhancement protection consists of the credit enhancement amount, which may be a direct obligation of the participating financial institution or may be a supplemental mortgage insurance (SMI) policy paid for by the participating financial institution, and may include a contingent performance-based credit enhancement fee payable to the participating financial institution. The participating financial institution is required to pledge collateral to secure any portion of its credit enhancement amount that is a direct obligation. The amount of the credit enhancement was calculated at the time loans were purchased so that any Bank credit losses (excluding special hazard losses) in excess of the first loss account are limited to those that would be expected from an equivalent investment with a long-term credit rating of AA for loans purchased prior to April 2017 and BBB for loans purchased thereafter through March 2021, as determined by the MPF Program methodology. 
 For taking on the credit enhancement obligation, the Bank pays the participating financial institution or any successor a credit enhancement fee, typically 10 basis points per annum, which is calculated on the remaining unpaid principal balance of the mortgage loans. Depending on the specific MPF product, all or a portion of the credit enhancement fee is typically paid monthly beginning with the month after each delivery of loans. The MPF Original product provides participating financial institutions the option to receive credit enhancement fees monthly over the life of the loans or as an upfront lump sum amount that is included in the purchase price at the time loans are sold to the Bank. The lump sum amount is approximately equivalent to the present value of the monthly credit enhancement fees that the Bank would otherwise be expected to pay over the life of the loans. The MPF Plus product provides for a performance-based credit enhancement fee, which accrues monthly, beginning with the month after each delivery of loans, and is paid to the participating financial institution beginning 12 months later. The performance-based credit enhancement fee will be reduced by an amount equivalent to loan losses up to the amount of the first loss account established for each master commitment. The participating financial institutions obtain SMI to cover their credit enhancement obligations under this product. If the SMI provider's claims-paying ability rating falls below a specified level, the participating financial institution has six months to either replace the SMI policy or assume the credit enhancement obligation and fully collateralize the obligation; otherwise the Bank may choose not to pay the participating financial institution its performance-based credit enhancement fee. 
 The Bank classifies mortgage loans as held for portfolio and, accordingly, reports them at their principal amount outstanding net of unamortized premiums, unamortized credit enhancement fees paid as a lump sum at the time loans are purchased, discounts, and unrealized gains and losses from loans initially classified as mortgage loan commitments. The Bank defers and amortizes these amounts as interest income using the level-yield method on a retrospective basis over the estimated life of the related mortgage loan. Actual prepayment experience and estimates of future principal prepayments are used in calculating the estimated life of the mortgage loans. The Bank aggregates the mortgage loans by similar characteristics (type, maturity, interest rate, and acquisition date) in determining prepayment estimates. A retrospective adjustment is required each time the Bank changes the estimated amounts as if the new estimate had been known since the original acquisition date of the assets. The Bank uses nationally recognized, market-based, third-party prepayment models to project estimated lives. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

Other Fees. Letter of credit fees are recorded as other income/(loss) over the term of the letter of credit. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

97 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

98 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

million and million, respectively, which was net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of million and million, respectively. Improvements and major renewals are capitalized; ordinary maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Depreciation is computed on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of assets ranging from to years, and leasehold improvements are amortized on the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the improvement or the remaining term of the lease, whichever is shorter. Depreciation and amortization expense was million for 2022, million for 2021, and million for 2020. 
 million, million, and million, in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 . 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

million in connection with a Securities and Exchange Commission enforcement action. Disgorgement proceeds are recorded in other income/(loss) in Gain on disgorgement settlement in the Statements of Income. Disgorgement proceeds are considered realized and recorded when the Bank receives cash or assets that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash or claims to cash, when the Bank enters into a signed agreement that is not subject to appeal, where the counterparty has the ability to pay, and the amount to be received can be reasonably estimated. 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

The average collected cash balances were approximately million for 2022 and million for 2021. 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

of these investments were with counterparties rated below BBB nor with unrated counterparties. These may differ from any internal ratings of the investments by the Bank, if applicable. 
 Federal funds sold are unsecured loans that are generally transacted on an overnight term. Finance Agency regulations include a limit on the amount of unsecured credit the Bank may extend to a counterparty. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, all investments in interest-bearing deposits and Federal funds sold were repaid or expected to be repaid according to the relevant contractual terms. allowance for credit losses was recorded for these assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Carrying values of interest-bearing deposits and Federal funds sold exclude accrued interest receivable of million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022, and de minimis amounts as of December 31, 2021. 
 Based upon the collateral held as security and collateral maintenance provisions with its counterparties, the Bank determined that allowance for credit losses was needed for its securities purchased under agreements to resell at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The carrying value of securities purchased under agreements to resell excludes million and a de minimis amount of accrued interest receivable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Debt Securities 
 The Bank invests in debt securities, which are classified as either trading, AFS, or HTM. Within these investments, the Bank is primarily subject to credit risk related to PLRMBS that are supported by underlying mortgage loans. The Bank is prohibited by Finance Agency regulations from purchasing certain higher risk securities, such as equity securities and debt instruments that are not investment quality at time of purchase. 
 Trading Securities. 
 MBS Other U.S. obligations Total 
 The unrealized net gain/(loss) on trading securities held at December 31, 2022, was a de minimis amount for the year ended December 31, 2022. The unrealized net gain/(loss) on trading securities held at December 31, 2021 and 2020, was ) million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Available-for-Sale Securities. 
 MBS: Government Sponsored Enterprises (GSEs) multifamily ) PLRMBS ) ) Total MBS ) ) Total ) ) 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

MBS: GSEs multifamily PLRMBS ) ) Total MBS ) ) Total ) ) 
 (1) million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022, the amortized cost of the Bank s MBS classified as AFS included premiums of million, discounts of million, and previous credit losses related to the prior methodology of evaluating credit losses of million for PLRMBS. At December 31, 2021, the amortized cost of the Bank s MBS classified as AFS included premiums of million, discounts of million, and previous credit losses related to the prior methodology of evaluating credit losses of million for PLRMBS. 
 The following tables summarize the AFS securities with unrealized losses as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The unrealized losses are aggregated by major security type and the length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position. 
 PLRMBS Total 
 December 31, 2021 Less Than 12 Months 12 Months or More Total (In millions) Estimated Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses PLRMBS Total 
 Redemption Terms 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

MBS Total 
 December 31, 2021 (In millions) Year of Contractual Maturity Amortized Cost Estimated Fair Value U.S. obligations Treasury notes Due in 1 year or less MBS Total 
 Prepayment Fees, Net The Bank records prepayment fees net of any associated fair value adjustments related to prepaid MBS that were hedged. The net amount of prepayment fees is reflected as AFS interest income in the Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 are displayed in the following table. 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Prepayment fees received/(paid) Fair value adjustments ) ) Net MBS principal prepaid 
 ) MBS GSEs: MBS GSEs single-family ) MBS GSEs multifamily ) Subtotal MBS GSEs ) PLRMBS ) Total ) 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

MBS GSEs: MBS GSEs single-family ) MBS GSEs multifamily ) Subtotal MBS GSEs ) PLRMBS ) Total ) 
 (1) million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) . 
 Expected maturities of MBS classified as HTM will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay the underlying obligations with or without call or prepayment fees. 
 At December 31, 2022, the amortized cost of the Bank s MBS classified as HTM included premiums of million, discounts of million, and no previous credit losses related to the prior methodology of evaluating credit losses for PLRMBS. At December 31, 2021, the amortized cost of the Bank s MBS classified as HTM included premiums of million, discounts of million, and previous credit losses related to the prior methodology of evaluating credit losses of million for PLRMBS. 
 (Charge-offs)/recoveries ) ) ) Provision for/(reversal of) credit losses ) Balance, end of the period 
 To evaluate investment securities for credit loss at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank employed the following methodologies, based on the type of security. 
 AFS and HTM Securities (Excluding PLRMBS) The Bank s AFS and HTM securities are principally U.S. obligations and MBS issued by Ginnie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Fannie Mae that are backed by single-family or multifamily mortgage loans. The Bank only purchases securities considered investment quality. Excluding PLRMBS investments, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, substantially all of AFS securities and HTM securities, based on amortized cost, were rated A, or above, by an NRSRO, based on the lowest long-term credit rating for each security. These may differ from any internal ratings of the securities by the Bank, if applicable. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, certain of the Bank s AFS securities were in an unrealized loss position. These losses are considered temporary as the Bank expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis on these AFS investment securities and neither intends to sell these securities nor considers it more likely than not that it will be required to sell these securities before its anticipated recovery of each security's remaining amortized cost basis. Further, the Bank has not experienced any payment defaults on the instruments and substantially all of these 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

allowance for credit losses was recorded on these AFS securities at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank had not established an allowance for credit losses on any of its HTM securities because the securities: (i) were all highly rated or had short remaining terms to maturity and (ii) had not experienced, nor did the Bank expect, any payment default on the instruments, and (iii) in the case of U.S. Treasury, GSE, or other agency obligations, carry an implicit or explicit government guarantee such that the FHLBanks consider the risk of nonpayment to be zero. 
 
 Private-Label Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities The Bank also holds investments in PLRMBS. The Bank has not purchased any PLRMBS since the first quarter of 2008. However, many of these securities have subsequently experienced significant credit deterioration. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately and of PLRMBS (AFS and HTM combined, based on amortized cost) were rated A, or above, by an NRSRO; and the remaining securities were either rated less than A, or were unrated. To determine whether an allowance for credit loss is necessary on these securities, the Bank uses cash flow analyses. For certain PLRMBS where underlying collateral data is not available, alternative procedures as determined by the Bank are used to assess these securities for credit loss measurement. 
 At each quarter end, the Bank compares the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected on its PLRMBS, using the effective interest rate, to the amortized cost basis of the securities to determine whether a credit loss exists. The expected credit losses are measured using: 
 expected housing price changes; 
 expected interest rate assumptions; 
 the remaining payment terms for the security; 
 expected default rates based on underlying loan-level borrower and loan characteristics; 
 loss severities on the collateral supporting each unique PLRMBS based on underlying loan-level borrower and loan characteristics; and 
 prepayment speeds based on underlying loan-level borrower and loan characteristics. 
 The projected cash flows are based on a number of assumptions and expectations, and the results of these models can vary significantly with changes in these assumptions and expectations. The cash flows determined reflect management s expectations and include a base case housing price forecast for near- and long-term horizons. 
 For all the PLRMBS in its AFS and HTM portfolios, the Bank does not intend to sell any security and it is not more likely than not that the Bank will be required to sell any security before its anticipated recovery of the remaining amortized cost basis. 
 For PLRMBS with previous credit losses related to the prior methodology of evaluating credit losses (securities for which the Bank determined that it does not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis), measurement of the fair value of PLRMBS classified as Level 3 as of December 31, 2022, uses significant inputs that include, based on unpaid principal balance, the weighted average percentage of prepayment rates of ; default rates of ; and loss severities of . The weighted average percentage of the related current credit enhancement for these securities, based on unpaid principal balance, was as of December 31, 2022. Credit enhancement is defined as the percentage of subordinated tranches, excess spread, and over-collateralization, if any, in a security structure that will generally absorb losses before the Bank will experience a loss on the security. 
 The total net accretion recognized in interest income associated with PLRMBS with previous credit losses related to the prior methodology of evaluating credit losses totaled million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Accretion of yield adjustments resulting from improvement of expected cash flows that are recognized over the remaining life of the securities totaled million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

million and fair value of million during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Bank transferred PLRMBS from its HTM portfolio to its AFS portfolio with an amortized cost and fair value of million during the year ended December 31, 2021 and an amortized cost and fair value of million during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 For the Bank s PLRMBS, the Bank recorded a provision for credit losses of million during the year ended December 31, 2022, largely because of declines in the fair values and the present value of expected cash flows of certain PLRMBS. The Bank recorded a reversal of credit losses of million during the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily resulting from lower default rates as well as improved projected credit performance in part related to a more optimistic economic outlook because of the monetary and fiscal stimulus measures taken by the U.S. government. The Bank recorded a provision for credit losses on its PLRMBS portfolio of million in 2020 primarily resulting from declines in fair value in March 2020 as a result of disruptions in the financial markets combined with illiquidity in the PLRMBS market and decreased expectations of the performance of loan collateral underlying these securities, which caused these assets to be valued at discounts to their amortized cost. 

to at December 31, 2022, and to at December 31, 2021, as summarized below. 
 (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 Redemption Term Amount 
 Outstanding (1) 
 Weighted Average Interest Rate Amount 
 Outstanding (1) 
 Weighted Average Interest Rate Overdrawn demand and overnight deposit accounts Within 1 year (2) 
 After 1 year through 2 years After 2 years through 3 years After 3 years through 4 years After 4 years through 5 years After 5 years Total par value Valuation adjustments for hedging activities ) Valuation adjustments under fair value option ) Total 
 (1) Carrying amounts exclude accrued interest receivable of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Advances outstanding with redemption terms within three months totaled billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

billion at December 31, 2022, and billion at December 31, 2021. The Bank had advances with partial prepayment symmetry outstanding totaling billion at December 31, 2022, and billion at December 31, 2021. Some advances may be repaid on pertinent call dates without prepayment fees (callable advances). The Bank had callable advances outstanding totaling billion at December 31, 2022, and million at December 31, 2021. 
 The Bank had putable advances totaling million at December 31, 2022, and million at December 31, 2021. At the Bank s discretion, the Bank may terminate these advances on predetermined exercise dates and offer replacement funding at prevailing market rates, subject to certain conditions. The Bank would typically exercise such termination rights when interest rates increase relative to contractual rates. 
 Within 1 year After 1 year through 2 years After 2 years through 3 years After 3 years through 4 years After 4 years through 5 years After 5 years Total par value 
 Concentration Risk. The following tables present the concentration in advances to the top 10 borrowers and their affiliates at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The tables also present the interest income from these advances before the impact of interest rate exchange agreements associated with these advances for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

First Republic Bank City National Bank Bank of the West MUFG Union Bank, National Association (2) 
 Silvergate Bank Western Alliance Bank First Technology Federal Credit Union (3) 
 Wells Fargo National Bank West Bank of America California, National Association Subtotal Others Total par value 
 December 31, 2021 (In millions) Name of Borrower Advances Outstanding Percentage of Total Advances Outstanding Interest Income from Advances (1) 
 Percentage of Total Interest Income from Advances First Republic Bank MUFG Union Bank, National Association (2) 
 First Technology Federal Credit Union (3) 
 Luther Burbank Savings (3) 
 Pacific Premier Bank Banc of California, NA Stanford Federal Credit Union (3) 
 CopperPoint Insurance Company Bank of Hope SchoolsFirst Federal Credit Union Subtotal Others Total par value 
 (1) 
 
 Credit Risk Exposure and Security Terms. The Bank manages its credit exposure related to advances through an integrated approach that generally provides for a credit limit to be established for each borrower, includes an ongoing review of each borrower s financial condition, and is coupled with conservative collateral and lending policies to limit the risk of loss while taking into account borrowers needs for a reliable funding source. 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

110 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

Due after 1 year Total fixed rate Adjustable rate: Due within 1 year 
 Due after 1 year Total adjustable rate Total par value 
 The Bank did not have any advances with embedded features that met the requirements to separate the embedded feature from the host contract and designate the embedded feature as a stand-alone derivative at December 31, 2022 or 2021. The Bank has generally elected to account for certain advances with embedded features under the fair value option, and these advances are carried at fair value on the Statements of Condition. For more information, see Note 14 Derivatives and Hedging Activities and Note 15 Fair Value.) Fair value adjustments ) ) Net ) Advance principal prepaid 
 
 Fixed rate long-term mortgage loans Subtotal Unamortized premiums Unamortized discounts ) ) Mortgage loans held for portfolio (1) 
 Less: Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total mortgage loans held for portfolio, net 
 (1) Excludes accrued interest receivable of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Medium-term loans have original contractual terms of 15 years or less, and long-term loans have contractual terms of more than 15 years. 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

60 89 days delinquent 90 days or more delinquent Total past due Total current loans Total mortgage loans held for portfolio In process of foreclosure, included above (2) 
 Nonaccrual loans (3) 
 Serious delinquencies as a percentage of total mortgage loans outstanding (4) 
 
 December 31, 2021 (Dollars in millions) Origination Year Payment Status 2017 to 2021 Prior to 2017 Amortized Cost (1) 
 30 59 days delinquent 60 89 days delinquent 90 days or more delinquent Total past due Total current loans Total mortgage loans held for portfolio In process of foreclosure, included above (2) 
 Nonaccrual loans (3) 
 Serious delinquencies as a percentage of total mortgage loans outstanding (4) 
 
 (1) The amortized cost in a loan is the unpaid principal balance of the loan, adjusted for net deferred loan fees or costs, unamortized premiums or discounts, and direct write-downs. 
 (2) Includes loans for which the servicer has reported a decision to foreclose or to pursue a similar alternative, such as deed-in-lieu. Loans in process of foreclosure are included in past due or current loans depending on their delinquency status. 
 (3) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, of mortgage loans on nonaccrual status did not have an associated allowance for credit losses because these loans were either previously charged off to the expected recoverable value or the fair value of the underlying collateral, including any credit enhancements, is greater than the amortized cost of the loans. 
 (4) Represents loans that are 90 days or more past due or in the process of foreclosure as a percentage of the recorded investment of total mortgage loans outstanding. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Mortgage Loans Held for Portfolio. Mortgage loans held for portfolio are evaluated on a loan-level basis for expected credit losses, factoring in the credit enhancement structure at the master commitment level. The Bank determines its allowance for credit losses on mortgage loans held for portfolio through analyses that include consideration of various loan portfolio and collateral related characteristics, such as past performance, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts of expected economic conditions. The Bank uses models that employ a variety of methods, such as projected cash flows, to estimate expected credit losses over the life of the loans. These models rely on a number of inputs, such as current and forecasted property values and interest rates as well as historical borrower behavior experience. At December 31, 2022, the Bank s reasonable and supportable forecast of housing prices expects, on average, for prices to depreciate over a one-year 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

after five additional years in the forecast based on historical averages. At December 31, 2021, the Bank s reasonable and supportable forecast of housing prices expects, on average, for prices to appreciate over a one-year forecast horizon before reverting to long-term housing price appreciation rates of after five additional years in the forecast based on historical averages. The Bank also incorporates associated credit enhancements, if any, to determine its estimate of expected credit losses. 
 Certain mortgage loans held for portfolio may be evaluated for credit losses by the Bank using the practical expedient for collateral-dependent assets. A mortgage loan is considered collateral-dependent if repayment is expected to be provided by the sale of the underlying property, that is, if it is considered likely that the borrower will default. The Bank may estimate the fair value of this collateral by applying an appropriate loss severity rate or using third-party estimates or property valuation models. The expected credit loss of a collateral-dependent mortgage loan is equal to the difference between the amortized cost of the loan and the estimated fair value of the collateral, less estimated selling costs. The Bank will either reserve for these estimated losses or record a direct charge-off of the loan balance, if certain triggering criteria are met. Expected recoveries of prior charge-offs, if any, are included in the allowance for credit loss. 
 Adjustment for cumulative effect of accounting change Provision for/(reversal of) credit losses ) Balance, end of the period 
 For more information related to the Bank s accounting policies for mortgage loans held for portfolio, see Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 

113 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

Fixed rate Total interest-bearing deposits Non-interest-bearing deposits Total 
 
 trillion at December 31, 2022, and billion at December 31, 2021. Regulations require the FHLBanks to maintain, for the benefit of investors in consolidated obligations, in the aggregate, unpledged qualifying assets in an amount equal to the consolidated obligations outstanding. Qualifying assets are defined as cash; secured advances; assets with an assessment or credit rating at least equivalent to the current assessment or credit rating of the consolidated obligations; obligations, participations, mortgages, or other securities of or issued by the United States or an agency of the United States; and such securities as fiduciary and trust funds may invest in under the laws of the state in which the FHLBank is located. Any assets subject to a lien or pledge for the benefit of holders of any issue of consolidated obligations are treated as if they were free from lien or pledge for the purposes of compliance with these regulations. At December 31, 2022, the Bank had qualifying assets totaling billion, and the Bank s participation in consolidated obligations outstanding was billion. 
 General Terms. Consolidated obligations are generally issued with either fixed rate payment terms or adjustable rate payment terms. In addition, to meet the specific needs of certain investors, fixed rate and adjustable rate consolidated obligation bonds may contain certain embedded features, such as call options and complex coupon payment terms. In general, when such consolidated obligation bonds are issued for which the Bank is the primary obligor, the Bank simultaneously enters into interest rate exchange agreements containing offsetting features to, in effect, convert the terms of the bond to the terms of a simple adjustable rate bond. 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

After 1 year through 2 years After 2 years through 3 years After 3 years through 4 years After 4 years through 5 years After 5 years Total par value Unamortized premiums Unamortized discounts ) ) Valuation adjustments for hedging activities ) ) Fair value option valuation adjustments ) ) Total 
 The Bank s participation in consolidated obligation bonds outstanding includes callable bonds of billion at December 31, 2022, and billion at December 31, 2021. The Bank had notional amounts of interest rate exchange agreements hedging callable bonds of billion at December 31, 2022, and billion at December 31, 2021. The combined callable swaps and callable bonds enable the Bank to meet its funding needs at lower costs relative to similar tenor non-callable debt, while effectively converting the Bank s net payment to an adjustable rate. 
 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

Callable Total par value 
 After 1 year through 2 years After 2 years through 3 years After 3 years through 4 years After 4 years through 5 years After 5 years Total par value 
 Consolidated obligation discount notes are consolidated obligations issued to raise short-term funds. These notes are issued at less than their face value and redeemed at par value when they mature. 
 Unamortized discounts ) ) Total 
 (1) 
 Interest Rate Payment Terms. 
 Adjustable rate Step-up Total bonds, par value Discount notes, par value Total consolidated obligations, par value 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

For more information, see Note 14 Derivatives and Hedging Activities and Note 15 Fair Value. 
 
 million or of the current year's net earnings (income before interest expense related to dividends paid on mandatorily redeemable capital stock and the assessment for AHP). 
 
 The Bank accrues its AHP assessment monthly based on its net earnings. If the Bank experienced a net loss during a quarter but still had net earnings for the year, the Bank s obligation to the AHP would be calculated based on the Bank s year-to-date net earnings. If the Bank had net earnings in subsequent quarters, it would be required to contribute additional amounts to meet its calculated annual obligation. If the Bank experienced a net loss for a full year, the amount of the AHP liability would be equal to zero, since each FHLBank s required annual AHP contribution is limited to its annual net earnings. However, if the result of the aggregate calculation is less than million for the FHLBanks combined, then the FHLBank Act requires that each FHLBank contribute such prorated sums as may be required to ensure that the aggregate contribution of the FHLBanks equals million. The proration would be made on the basis of an FHLBank s income in relation to the income of all the FHLBanks for the previous year. There was no AHP shortfall, as described above, in 2022, 2021, or 2020. If an FHLBank finds that its required AHP assessments are contributing to the financial instability of that FHLBank, it may apply to the Finance Agency for a temporary suspension of its contributions. The Bank did not make such an application in 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 
 The Bank s total AHP assessments equaled million, million, and million during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. These amounts were charged to earnings each year and recognized as a liability. As subsidies are disbursed, the AHP liability is reduced. 
 AHP assessments AHP grant payments ) ) ) Balance, end of the period 

117 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss): Net change in fair value ) ) Accretion of non-credit loss Net current period other comprehensive income/(loss) ) ) Adoption of ASU 2016-13, as amended (1) 
 ) Balance, December 31, 2020 
 ) Other comprehensive income/(loss): Net change in pension and postretirement benefits Net change in fair value Net current period other comprehensive income/(loss) Balance, December 31, 2021 
 ) Other comprehensive income/(loss): Net change in pension and postretirement benefits ) ) Net change in fair value ) ) Net current period other comprehensive income/(loss) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) 

of its total assets, (ii) leverage capital in an amount equal to at least of its total assets, and (iii) permanent capital in an amount that is greater than or equal to its risk-based capital requirement. 
 The Finance Agency requires each FHLBank to maintain a ratio of at least of capital stock to total assets in order to help preserve the cooperative structure incentives that encourage members to remain fully engaged in the oversight of their investment in the FHLBank. The Finance Agency will consider the proportion of capital stock to assets, measured on a daily average basis at monthend, when assessing each FHLBank s capital management practices. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank complied with this capital guidance. 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

multiplier, plus non-permanent capital. 
 The risk-based capital requirement is equal to the sum of the Bank s credit risk, market risk, and operational risk capital requirements, all of which are calculated in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Finance Agency. The Finance Agency may require an FHLBank to maintain a greater amount of permanent capital than is required by the risk-based capital requirement as defined. 
 Total regulatory capital Total regulatory capital ratio Leverage capital Leverage ratio 
 The Bank s capital plan requires each member to own capital stock in an amount equal to the greater of its membership capital stock requirement or its activity-based capital stock requirement. The Bank may adjust these requirements from time to time within ranges established in the capital plan. Any changes to the capital plan must be approved by the Bank s board of directors and the Finance Agency. 
 A member's membership capital stock requirement is of its membership asset value. The membership capital stock requirement for a member is capped at million. The Bank may adjust the membership capital stock requirement for all members within a range of to of a member's membership asset value and may adjust the cap for all members within an authorized range of million to million. A member's membership asset value is determined by multiplying the amount of the member's membership assets by the applicable membership asset factors as determined by the Bank. Membership assets are generally defined as assets (other than Bank capital stock) of a type that could qualify as collateral to secure a member's indebtedness to the Bank under applicable law, whether or not the assets are pledged to the Bank or accepted by the Bank as eligible collateral. The membership asset factors were initially based on the typical borrowing capacity percentages generally assigned by the Bank to the same types of assets when pledged to the Bank (although the factors may differ from the actual borrowing capacities, if any, assigned to particular assets pledged by a specific member at any point in time). 
 A member's activity-based capital stock requirement is the sum of of the member's outstanding advances, plus of notional balances for outstanding letters of credit, plus of any portion of any mortgage loan purchased and held by the Bank. The Bank may adjust the activity-based capital stock requirement for all members within ranges established in the capital plan of to of the member's outstanding advances, to of the member s notional balances of outstanding letters of credit, and to of any portion of any mortgage loan purchased and held by the Bank. 
 Any member may withdraw from membership and, subject to certain statutory and regulatory restrictions, have its capital stock redeemed after giving the required notice. Members that withdraw from membership may not reapply for membership for five years, in accordance with Finance Agency rules. 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

million outstanding to institutions at December 31, 2022, and million outstanding to institutions at December 31, 2021. The change in mandatorily redeemable capital stock for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was as follows: 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Balance at the beginning of the period Reclassified from/(to) capital during the period Repurchase/redemption of mandatorily redeemable capital stock ) ) ) Balance at the end of the period 
 Cash dividends on mandatorily redeemable capital stock were recorded as interest expense of de minimis amounts for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 After 4 years through 5 years Past contractual redemption date because of remaining activity (1) 
 Total 
 (1) Represents mandatorily redeemable capital stock that is past the end of the contractual redemption period because of outstanding activity. 
 A member may cancel its notice of redemption or notice of withdrawal from membership by providing written notice to the Bank prior to the end of the relevant five-year redemption period or the membership termination date. If the Bank receives the notice of cancellation within 30 months following the notice of redemption or notice of withdrawal, the member is charged a fee equal to fifty cents multiplied by the number of shares of capital stock affected. If the Bank receives the notice of cancellation more than 30 months following the notice of redemption or 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

121 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

and . The decision to declare any dividend and the dividend rate is at the discretion of the Bank s board of directors, which may choose to follow the dividend philosophy as guidance in the dividend declaration. The Board may also revise or eliminate the dividend policy in the future. The Bank s historical dividend rates and the dividend philosophy are not indicative of future dividend declarations. 
 The Bank s Risk Management Policy limits the payment of dividends if the ratio of the Bank s estimated market value of total capital to par value of capital stock falls below certain levels. If this ratio at the end of any quarter is less than 100 but greater than or equal to 70 , any dividend would be limited to an annualized rate no greater than the daily average of the Federal funds effective rate for the applicable quarter (subject to certain conditions), and if this ratio is less than 70 , the Bank would be restricted from paying a dividend. The ratio of the Bank s estimated market value of total capital to par value of capital stock was as of December 31, 2022. 
 In addition, the Bank monitors its financial condition, its financial performance, its capital position, overall financial market conditions, and other relevant information as the basis for determining the payment of dividends in future quarters. 
 Retained Earnings The Bank s Framework assesses the level and adequacy of retained earnings and establishes amounts to be retained in restricted retained earnings, which are not made available in the current dividend period, and maintains an amount of total retained earnings at least equal to its required retained earnings as described in the Framework. As determined using the Bank s methodology, the required level of total retained earnings had ranged from billion to billion during 2021 and 2022. The methodology may be revised from time to time, and the required level of required retained earnings under the methodology may change due to updating data and assumptions used in the methodology. In July 2022, the required level of retained earnings was increased from billion to billion. In January 2023, the required level of retained earnings was increased from billion to billion. The Bank s retained earnings requirement may be changed at any time. The board of directors periodically reviews the retained earnings methodology and analysis to determine whether any adjustments are appropriate. 
 The Bank satisfies its retained earnings requirement with both restricted retained earnings (i.e., amounts related to the Joint Capital Enhancement (JCE) Agreement) and unrestricted retained earnings. The JCE Agreement is intended to enhance the capital position of each FHLBank. In accordance with the JCE Agreement, each FHLBank is required to reclassify an amount equal to 20 of its net income each quarter to a separate restricted retained earnings account until the balance of the account, calculated as of the last day of each calendar quarter, equals at least 1 of that FHLBank's average balance of outstanding consolidated obligations for the calendar quarter. Under the JCE Agreement, these restricted retained earnings will not be available to pay dividends. The JCE Agreement also provides that amounts in restricted retained earnings in excess of of the Bank s restricted retained earnings minimum (i.e., of the Bank s total consolidated obligations calculated as of the last day of each calendar quarter) may be released from restricted retained earnings. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank reclassified million and million, respectively, from restricted retained earnings to unrestricted retained earnings as a result of exceeding this threshold. As a result of increased consolidated obligations during the third quarter of 2022, the Bank resumed reclassifying an amount equal to 20 of net income into restricted retained earnings in accordance with the JCE Agreement. The Bank s restricted retained earnings totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Dividend Payments Finance Agency rules state that FHLBanks may declare and pay dividends only from previously retained earnings or current net earnings and may not declare or pay dividends based on projected or anticipated earnings. There is no requirement that the board of directors declare and pay any dividend. A decision by the board of directors to declare or not declare a dividend is a discretionary matter and is subject to the requirements and restrictions of the FHLBank Act and applicable requirements under the regulations governing the operations of the FHLBanks. 
 In addition, Finance Agency rules do not permit the Bank to pay dividends in the form of capital stock if its excess stock exceeds of its total assets. Excess stock is defined as the aggregate of the capital stock held by each shareholder in excess of its minimum capital stock requirement, as established by the Bank s capital plan. Excess stock totaled million, or of total assets as of December 31, 2022. Excess stock totaled million, or of total assets as of December 31, 2021. 
 In 2022, the Bank paid dividends at an annualized rate of , totaling million, including million in dividends on capital stock and a de minimis amount in dividends on mandatorily redeemable capital stock. In 2021, the Bank paid dividends at an annualized rate of , totaling million, including million in dividends on capital stock and a de minimis amount in dividends on mandatorily redeemable capital stock. 
 For the periods referenced above, the Bank paid dividends in cash. Dividends on capital stock are recognized as dividends on the Statements of Capital Accounts, and dividends on mandatorily redeemable capital stock are recognized as interest expense on the Statements of Income. 
 On February 22, 2023, the Bank s board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend on the capital stock outstanding during the fourth quarter of 2022 at an annualized rate of , totaling million. The Bank recorded the dividend on February 22, 2023, and expects to pay the dividend on . 
 Excess Stock The Bank s capital plan provides that the Bank may repurchase some or all of a shareholder s excess stock at the Bank s discretion, subject to certain statutory and regulatory requirements. The Bank may also repurchase all of a member s excess stock at a member s request, at the Bank s discretion, subject to certain statutory and regulatory requirements. A shareholder s excess stock is defined as any capital stock holdings in excess of the shareholder s minimum capital stock requirement, as established by the Bank s capital plan. The Bank s practice is to repurchase the surplus capital stock of all members and the excess stock of all former members on a daily schedule. Surplus capital stock is defined as any stock holdings in excess of 115 of a member s minimum stock requirement. The Bank calculates the amount of stock to be repurchased each business day based on the shareholder s capital stock outstanding after all stock transactions are completed for the day, ensuring that each member and former member would continue to meet its minimum capital stock requirement after the repurchase. The Bank may change this practice at any time. The Bank repurchased billion and billion in excess stock during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Bank is required to redeem any mandatorily redeemable capital stock that is in excess of a former member s minimum stock requirement on or after the expiration of the five-year redemption date. During 2022 and 2021, the Bank redeemed a de minimis amount and 1 million, respectively, in mandatorily redeemable capital stock, for which the five-year redemption period had expired, at its par value per share. The stock was redeemed on the scheduled redemption dates or, for stock that was not excess stock on its scheduled redemption date because of outstanding activity with the Bank, on the first available repurchase date after the stock was no longer required to support outstanding activity with the Bank. 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

First Republic Bank Subtotal Others Total 

of the employee's annual compensation, plus interest on the benefits accrued to the employee through the prior yearend. The Cash Balance Plan is funded through a qualified trust established by the Bank. 
 Non-Qualified Defined Benefit Plans. The Bank sponsors the following non-qualified defined benefit retirement plans: 
 Benefit Equalization Plan, a non-qualified retirement plan restoring benefits offered under the Cash Balance Plan that are limited by laws governing the plan. See below for further discussion of the defined contribution portion of the Benefit Equalization Plan. 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP), a non-qualified unfunded retirement benefit plan available to the Bank's eligible senior officers, which generally provides a service-linked supplemental cash balance annual contribution credit to SERP participants and an annual interest credit of on the benefits accrued to the SERP participants through the prior yearend. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan, a non-qualified retirement plan available to all eligible Bank employees, which provides make-up retirement benefits that would have been earned under the Cash Balance Plan had the compensation not been deferred. The make-up benefits vest according to the corresponding provisions of the Cash Balance Plan. See below for further discussion of the defined contribution portion of the Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 Postretirement Health Benefit Plan. The Bank provides a postretirement health benefit plan to employees that meet certain eligibility criteria. Changes in health care cost trend rates will not have a material effect on the Bank's accumulated postretirement benefit obligation or service and interest costs because benefit plan premiums are generally paid by the retirees. 
 
 124 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

Funded status ) ) ) ) 
 ) ) 
 Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 The Bank uses a discount rate to determine the present value of its future benefit obligations. The discount rate was determined based on the Financial Times Stock Exchange (FTSE) Pension Discount Curve at the measurement date. The FTSE Pension Discount Curve is a yield curve that reflects the market-observed yields for high-quality fixed income securities for each maturity. The projected benefit payments for each year from the plan are discounted using the spot rates on the yield curve to derive a single equivalent discount rate. The discount rate is reset annually on the measurement date. The discount rate used to determine the benefit obligations for the Cash Balance Plan and non-qualified defined benefit plans was for 2022 and for 2021. The discount rate used to determine the benefit obligations for the post-retirement health benefit plan was for 2022 and for 2021. 
 Equity mutual funds Fixed income mutual funds Real estate mutual funds Other mutual funds Total 
 125 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

equity, real return, and fixed income. The Retirement Committee reviews the performance of the Cash Balance Plan on a regular basis. 
 Equity mutual funds Fixed income mutual funds Real estate mutual funds Other mutual funds Total 
 The Bank made contributions of million in 2022 and expects to contribute million in 2023 to the Cash Balance Plan. The Bank contributed million in 2022 and expects to contribute million in 2023 to the non-qualified defined benefit plans and postretirement health benefit plan. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2032 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 Retirement Savings Plan. The Bank sponsors a qualified defined contribution retirement 401(k) savings plan, the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco Savings Plan (Savings Plan). Contributions to the Savings Plan consist of elective participant contributions of up to of each participant's base compensation and a Bank matching contribution of up to of each participant's base compensation. The Bank contributed approximately million during each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Benefit Equalization Plan. The Bank sponsors a non-qualified retirement plan restoring benefits offered under the Savings Plan that have been limited by laws governing the plan. The Bank made contributions to the plan of 1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. Contributions made during the years ended December 31, 2021and 2020, were de minimis. 
 126 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Incentive Compensation Plans 
 The Bank provides incentive compensation plans for all employees. Other liabilities include million and million for incentive compensation at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 business segments. For purposes of segment reporting, adjusted net interest income includes income and expense associated with net settlements from economic hedges that are recorded in Net gain/(loss) on derivatives in other income/(loss), excludes interest income and expense associated with changes in fair value from fair value hedges that are recorded in the same line as the earnings effect of the hedged item, and excludes interest expense that is recorded in Mandatorily redeemable capital stock. AHP assessments are not included in the segment reporting analysis but are incorporated into the Bank s overall assessment of financial performance. 
 The advances-related business consists of advances and other credit products, related financing and hedging instruments, other non-MBS investments associated with the Bank s role as a liquidity provider, and capital. Adjusted net interest income for this segment is derived primarily from the difference, or spread, between the yield on all assets associated with the business activities in this segment and the cost of funding those activities, including the net settlements from associated interest rate exchange agreements, and from earnings attributed to the Bank s capital stock and retained earnings. 
 The mortgage-related business consists of MBS investments, mortgage loans acquired through the MPF Program, consolidated obligations specifically identified as funding those assets, and related hedging instruments. Adjusted net interest income for this segment is derived primarily from the difference, or spread, between the yield on the MBS and mortgage loans and the cost of the consolidated obligations funding those assets. This includes the net settlements from associated interest rate exchange agreements and net accretion related income, which is a result of improvement in expected cash flows on certain PLRMBS with previous credit losses related to the prior methodology of evaluating credit losses, less the provision for credit losses on mortgage loans and MBS. 
 
 127 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

) ) 2021 ) ) ) 2020 ) 
 (1) Amounts for 2020 have been corrected to properly disclose the classification of amortization of basis adjustments and certain fees on prepaid advances within adjusted net interest income of the advances-related business segment and within amortization of basis adjustments. The Bank previously disclosed in Note 10 - Segment Information in the Bank s 2020 Form 10-K adjusted net interest income totaling million for the year ended December 31, 2020. This amount should have been disclosed as million. This revision had no effect on total assets, net interest income, or net income of the Bank reported for the affected period. 
 (2) The mortgage-related business includes total accretion or amortization associated with other-than-temporarily impaired PLRMBS, which are recognized in interest income, totaled million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. The mortgage-related business includes a provision for/(reversal of) credit losses totaled million, ) million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 (3) Represents amortization of amounts deferred for adjusted net interest income purposes only and changes in fair value of the derivative hedging instrument and the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk for designated fair value hedges recorded in net interest income. 
 (4) The Bank includes income and expense associated with net settlements from economic hedges in adjusted net interest income in its analysis of financial performance for its operating segments. For financial reporting purposes, the Bank does not include these amounts in net interest income in the Statements of Income, but instead records them in other income/(loss) in Net gain/(loss) on derivatives. 
 (5) The Bank excludes interest expense on mandatorily redeemable capital stock from adjusted net interest income in its analysis of financial performance for its operating segments. 
 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 

128 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

129 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

130 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate swaps Interest rate caps and floors Total Total derivatives before netting and collateral adjustments Netting adjustments and cash collateral (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Total derivative assets and total derivative liabilities 
 (1) million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cash collateral received, including accrued interest, was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 ) Gain/(loss) on fair value hedging relationships Derivatives (1) 
 ) Hedged items ) ) Net gain/(loss) on fair value hedging relationships ) Net amortization of basis adjustments on discontinued hedging relationships ) ) Net gain/(loss) on derivatives and hedging activities recorded in net interest income ) ) 
 131 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

) Gain/(loss) on fair value hedging relationships Derivatives (1) 
 ) Hedged items ) ) Net gain/(loss) on fair value hedging relationships ) ) Net amortization of basis adjustments on discontinued hedging relationships ) ) Net gain/(loss) on derivatives and hedging activities recorded in net interest income ) ) 
 2020 
 Interest Income/(Expense) (In millions) Advances AFS Securities Consolidated Obligation Bonds Total interest income/(expense) presented in the Statements of Income ) Gain/(loss) on fair value hedging relationships Derivatives (1) 
 ) ) Hedged items ) Net gain/(loss) on derivatives and hedging activities recorded in net interest income ) ) Net amortization of basis adjustments on discontinued hedging relationships ) ) Net gain/(loss) on derivatives and hedging activities recorded in net interest income ) ) 
 (1) Includes net interest settlements. 
 ) ) Fair value hedging basis adjustments: Active hedging relationships included in amortized cost ) ) ) ) Discontinued hedging relationships included in amortized cost Total amount of fair value hedging basis adjustments ) ) 
 (1) Includes only the portion of amortized cost representing the hedged items in fair value hedging relationships. 
 
 132 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

) Net interest settlements ) ) ) Mortgage delivery commitments Total net gain/(loss) related to derivatives not designated as hedging instruments ) ) Price alignment amount (1) 
 ) Net gain/(loss) on derivatives ) ) 
 (1)This amount relates to derivatives for which variation margin on cleared derivatives is characterized as a daily settled contract. 
 Based on the Bank s credit analyses and the collateral requirements, the Bank does not expect to incur any credit losses on its derivative transactions. 
 The Bank s agreements for uncleared derivative transactions contain provisions that link the Bank s credit rating from Moody s Investors Service and S P Global Ratings to various rights and obligations. Certain of these derivative agreements provide that, if the Bank s long-term debt rating falls below a specified rating (ranging from A3/A- to Baa3/BBB-), the Bank s counterparty would have the right, but not the obligation, to terminate all of its outstanding derivative transactions with the Bank; the Bank s agreements with its clearing agents for cleared derivative transactions have similar provisions with respect to the debt rating of FHLBank System consolidated bonds. If this occurs, the Bank may choose to enter into replacement hedges, either by transferring the existing transactions to another counterparty or entering into new replacement transactions, based on prevailing market rates. The aggregate fair value of all uncleared derivative instruments with credit risk-related contingent features that were in a net derivative liability position (before cash collateral and related accrued interest) at December 31, 2022, was million, for which the Bank posted cash collateral of million in the ordinary course of business. 
 Uncleared derivative transactions executed on or after September 1, 2022, are subject to two-way initial margin requirements as mandated by regulatory requirements issued in response to the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, if the Bank s average aggregate notional amount of uncleared derivative transactions exceeds a specified threshold. The initial margin is required to be held at a third-party custodian and does not change 
 133 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

) Cleared 
 ) Total Derivative Liabilities 
 Uncleared ) Cleared ) Total 
 2021 Derivative Instruments Meeting Netting Requirements (In millions) Amount Recognized Gross Amount of Netting Adjustments and Cash Collateral Total Derivative Assets and Total Derivative Liabilities Noncash Collateral Not Offset That Can Be Sold or Repledged Net Amount Derivative Assets 
 Uncleared ) Cleared 
 ) Total Derivative Liabilities 
 Uncleared ) Cleared ) Total 
 
 134 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

Interest-bearing deposits Securities purchased under agreements to resell Federal funds sold Trading securities AFS securities HTM securities Advances Mortgage loans held for portfolio Accrued interest receivable Derivative assets, net (2) 
 ) Other assets (3) 
 Liabilities Deposits Consolidated obligations: Bonds Discount notes Total consolidated obligations Mandatorily redeemable capital stock Accrued interest payable Derivative liabilities, net (2) 
 ) 
 135 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

Interest-bearing deposits Securities purchased under agreements to resell Federal funds sold Trading securities AFS securities HTM securities Advances Mortgage loans held for portfolio Accrued interest receivable Derivative assets, net (2) 
 ) Other assets (3) 
 Liabilities Deposits Consolidated obligations: Bonds Discount notes Total consolidated obligations Mandatorily redeemable capital stock Accrued interest payable Derivative liabilities, net (2) 
 ) 
 (1) For certain financial instruments, the amounts represent net carrying value, which includes an allowance for credit losses. 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 Fair Value Hierarchy. 
 136 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

Summary of Valuation Methodologies and Primary Inputs. The valuation methodologies and primary inputs used to develop the measurement of fair value for assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring or nonrecurring basis in the Statements of Condition are listed below. 
 Investment Securities MBS To value its MBS, the Bank obtains prices from multiple designated third-party pricing vendors when available. The pricing vendors use various proprietary models to price these securities. The inputs to those models are derived from various sources including, but not limited to: benchmark yields, reported trades, dealer estimates, issuer spreads, prices on benchmark securities, bids, offers, and other market-related data. Since many securities do not trade on a daily basis, the pricing vendors use available information as applicable, such as benchmark yield curves, benchmarking of like securities, sector groupings, and matrix pricing, to determine the prices for individual securities. Each pricing vendor has an established challenge process in place for all security valuations, which facilitates resolution of price discrepancies identified by the Bank. 
 At least annually, the Bank conducts reviews of the multiple pricing vendors to update and confirm its understanding of the vendors pricing processes, methodologies, and control procedures. 
 The Bank s valuation technique for estimating the fair values of its MBS first requires the establishment of a median vendor price for each security. If prices are received, the middle price is the median price; if prices are received, the average of the two prices is the median price; and if price is received, it is the median price (and also the default fair value) subject to additional validation. All vendor prices that are within a specified tolerance threshold of the median price are included in the cluster of vendor prices that are averaged to establish a default fair value. All vendor prices that are outside the threshold (outliers) are subject to further analysis including, but not limited to, comparison to prices provided by an additional third-party valuation service, dealer price estimates for similar securities, and the use of internally modeled prices, which are deemed to be reflective of all relevant facts and circumstances that a market participant would consider. Such analysis is also applied in those limited instances where no third-party vendor price or only one third-party vendor price is available in order to arrive at an estimated 
 137 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

138 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

139 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

AFS securities: U.S. obligations Treasury notes MBS: GSEs multifamily PLRMBS Subtotal AFS MBS Total AFS securities Advances (2) 
 Derivative assets, net: interest rate-related ) Other assets Total recurring fair value measurements Assets ) Recurring fair value measurements Liabilities: Consolidated obligation bonds (3) 
 Derivative liabilities, net: interest rate-related ) Total recurring fair value measurements Liabilities ) Nonrecurring fair value measurements Assets: (4) 
 Impaired mortgage loans held for portfolio Total nonrecurring fair value measurements Assets 
 140 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

MBS Other U.S. obligations Total trading securities AFS securities: U.S. obligations Treasury notes MBS: GSEs multifamily PLRMBS Subtotal AFS MBS Total AFS securities Advances (2) 
 Derivative assets, net: interest rate-related ) Other assets Total recurring fair value measurements Assets ) Recurring fair value measurements Liabilities: Consolidated obligation bonds (3) 
 Derivative liabilities, net: interest rate-related ) Total recurring fair value measurements Liabilities ) Nonrecurring fair value measurements Assets: (4) 
 Impaired mortgage loans held for portfolio Total nonrecurring fair value measurements Assets 
 (1) . 
 (2) 
 (3) . 
 (4) and 2021. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of the Bank s AFS PLRMBS that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 141 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

Total gain/(loss) realized and unrealized included in: Interest income (Provision for)/reversal of credit losses ) ) Other income/(loss) Unrealized gain/(loss) included in AOCI ) ) Settlements ) ) ) Transfers of HTM securities to AFS securities Balance, end of the period Total amount of unrealized gain/(loss) for the period included in AOCI relating to assets held at the end of the period ) ) Total amount of gain/(loss) for the period included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized gains/losses relating to assets held at the end of the period 
 Fair Value Option. 
 142 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

New transactions elected for fair value option Maturities and terminations ) ) ) ) ) ) Net gain/(loss) on advances and net (gain)/loss on consolidated obligation bonds from changes in fair value recognized in earnings ) ) ) ) Change in accrued interest ) ) ) Balance, end of the period 
 For advances and consolidated obligations recorded under the fair value option, the Bank determined that none of the remaining changes in fair value were related to instrument-specific credit risk for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. In determining that there has been no change in instrument-specific credit risk period to period, the Bank primarily considered the following factors: 
 The Bank is a federally chartered GSE, and as a result of this status, the consolidated obligations have historically received the same credit ratings as the government bond credit rating of the United States, even though they are not obligations of the United States and are not guaranteed by the United States. 
 The Bank is jointly and severally liable with the other FHLBanks for the payment of principal and interest on all consolidated obligations of each of the FHLBanks. 
 
 ) Consolidated obligation bonds ) ) 
 (1) 
 
 143 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

trillion at December 31, 2022, and billion at December 31, 2021. The par value of the Bank s participation in consolidated obligations was billion at December 31, 2022, and billion at December 31, 2021. 
 The joint and several liability regulation provides a general framework for addressing the possibility that an FHLBank may be unable to repay its participation in the consolidated obligations for which it is the primary obligor. In accordance with this regulation, the president of each FHLBank is required to provide a quarterly certification that, among other things, the FHLBank will remain capable of making full and timely payment of all its current obligations, including direct obligations. 
 In addition, the regulation requires that an FHLBank must provide written notice to the Finance Agency if at any time the FHLBank is unable to provide the quarterly certification; projects that it will be unable to fully meet all of its current obligations, including direct obligations, on a timely basis during the quarter; or negotiates or enters into an agreement with another FHLBank for financial assistance to meet its obligations. If an FHLBank gives any one of these notices (other than in a case of a temporary interruption in the FHLBank s debt servicing operations resulting from an external event such as a natural disaster or a power failure), it must promptly file a consolidated obligations payment plan for Finance Agency approval specifying the measures the FHLBank will undertake to make full and timely payments of all its current obligations. 
 Notwithstanding any other provisions in the regulation, the regulation provides that the Finance Agency in its discretion may at any time order any FHLBank to make any principal or interest payment due on any consolidated obligation. To the extent an FHLBank makes any payment on any consolidated obligation on behalf of another FHLBank, the paying FHLBank is entitled to reimbursement from the FHLBank that is the primary obligor, which will have a corresponding obligation to reimburse the FHLBank for the payment and associated costs, including interest. 
 The regulation also provides that the Finance Agency may allocate the outstanding liability of an FHLBank for consolidated obligations among the other FHLBanks on a pro rata basis in proportion to each FHLBank s participation in all consolidated obligations outstanding or in any other manner it may determine to ensure that the FHLBanks operate in a safe and sound manner. 
 Commitments to issue consolidated obligation discount notes, par Commitments to issue consolidated obligation bonds, par 
 Standby letters of credit are generally issued for a fee on behalf of members to support their obligations to third parties. If the Bank is required to make a payment for a beneficiary s drawing under a letter of credit, the amount is immediately due and payable by the member to the Bank and is charged to the member s demand deposit account with the Bank. At December 31, 2022, the original terms of these standby letters of credit range from to 
 144 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

, including a final expiration in . The Bank monitors the creditworthiness of members that have standby letters of credit. The value of the Bank s obligations related to standby letters of credit is recorded in other liabilities and amounted to million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. Standby letters of credit are fully collateralized at the time of issuance. Based on the Bank s credit analyses of members financial condition and collateral requirements, the Bank deemed it unnecessary to record any additional liability for credit losses on the letters of credit outstanding or other off-balance sheet commitments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 There were no commitments to fund advances at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Advances funded under advance commitments are fully collateralized at the time of funding. 
 The Bank has pledged securities as collateral related to its cleared and uncleared derivatives. See Note 14 Derivatives and Hedging Activities for additional information about the Bank s pledged collateral and other credit risk-related contingent features. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had pledged total collateral of billion, including securities with a carrying value of million, all of which may be repledged, and cash collateral, including accrued interest, of million to counterparties and the clearing house that had market risk exposure to the Bank related to derivatives. As of December 31, 2021, the Bank had pledged total collateral of million, including securities with a carrying value of million, all of which may be repledged, and cash collateral, including accrued interest, of million to counterparties and the clearing house that had market risk exposure to the Bank related to derivatives. 
 The Bank may be subject to various pending legal proceedings that may arise in the ordinary course of business. After consultation with legal counsel, the Bank does not anticipate that the ultimate liability, if any, arising out of these matters will have a material effect on its financial condition or results of operations. 
 Other commitments and contingencies are discussed in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Note 5 Advances, Note 8 Consolidated Obligations, Note 9 Affordable Housing Program, Note 11 Capital, Note 12 Employee Retirement Plans and Incentive Compensation Plans, and Note 14 Derivatives and Hedging Activities. 

145 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

Mortgage loans held for portfolio Accrued interest receivable Liabilities: Deposits Capital: Capital Stock 
 For the Years Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Interest Income: Advances Mortgage loans held for portfolio 
 Transactions with Other FHLBanks. The Bank may occasionally enter into transactions with other FHLBanks. These transactions are summarized below. 
 146 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 

billion. During 2021, the Bank extended overnight loans to other FHLBanks. During 2020, the Bank extended overnight loans to other FHLBanks for million. During 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Bank borrowed billion, million and million, respectively, from other FHLBanks. The impact to net interest income related to these transactions was ) million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and was de minimis for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 MPF Mortgage Loans . The Bank pays a transaction services fee to the FHLBank Chicago that is assessed monthly based on the amount of mortgage loans in which the Bank invested and which remain outstanding on its Statements of Condition. Prior to 2022, the Bank paid a membership fee to the FHLBank of Chicago for its participation in the MPF Program. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Bank recorded million in transaction services fee expense to the FHLBank Chicago, which was recorded in the Statements of Income as other expense. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Bank recorded million and million, respectively, in MPF membership fee expense and transaction services fee expense to the FHLBank of Chicago, which were recorded in the Statements of Income as other expense. 
 
 Travel Occupancy Equipment Other Total 
 147 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The senior management of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco (Bank) is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Bank in the reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (1934 Act) is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Bank s disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Bank in the reports that it files or submits under the 1934 Act is accumulated and communicated to the Bank s management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the Bank s disclosure controls and procedures, the Bank s management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and the Bank s management necessarily is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of controls and procedures. 
 Management of the Bank has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures with the participation of the president and chief executive officer and executive vice president and chief financial officer as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Bank s president and chief executive officer and executive vice president and chief financial officer have concluded that the Bank s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the 1934 Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Bank s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Bank s board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets of the Bank; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Bank are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Bank; and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, there were no changes in the Bank s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Bank s internal control over financial reporting. For management s assessment of the Bank s internal control over financial reporting, refer to Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 
 148 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Obligations 
 The Bank s disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures for accumulating and communicating information in compliance with the Bank s disclosure and financial reporting requirements relating to the joint and several liability for the consolidated obligations of the Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBanks). Because the FHLBanks are independently managed and operated, the Bank s management relies on information that is provided or disseminated by the Federal Housing Finance Agency (Finance Agency), the Office of Finance, and the other FHLBanks, as well as on published FHLBank credit ratings, in determining whether the joint and several liability regulation is reasonably likely to result in a direct obligation for the Bank or whether it is reasonably possible that the Bank will accrue a direct liability. 
 The Bank s management also relies on the operation of the joint and several liability regulation. The joint and several liability regulation requires that each FHLBank file with the Finance Agency a quarterly certification that it will remain capable of making full and timely payment of all of its current obligations, including direct obligations, coming due during the next quarter. In addition, if an FHLBank cannot make such a certification or if it projects that it may be unable to meet its current obligations during the next quarter on a timely basis, it must file a notice with the Finance Agency. Under the joint and several liability regulation, the Finance Agency may order any FHLBank to make principal and interest payments on any consolidated obligations of any other FHLBank, or allocate the outstanding liability of an FHLBank among all remaining FHLBanks on a pro rata basis in proportion to each FHLBank s participation in all consolidated obligations outstanding or on any other basis. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 149 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The board of directors (Board) of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco (Bank) is composed of member directors and nonmember independent directors. Each year the Federal Housing Finance Agency (Finance Agency) designates the total number of director positions for the Bank for the following year. Member director positions are allocated to each of the three states in the Bank s district. The allocation is based on the number of shares of capital stock required to be held by the members in each of the three states as of December 31 of the preceding calendar year (the record date), with at least one member director position allocated to each state and at least three member director positions allocated to California. Of the eight member director positions designated by the Finance Agency for 2022 and 2023, one was allocated to Arizona, six were allocated to California, and one was allocated to Nevada. The nonmember independent director positions on the Board must be at least two-fifths of the number of member director positions and at least two of them must be public interest director positions. The Finance Agency designated seven nonmember independent director positions for 2022 and 2023, two of which were public interest director positions. 
 The Bank holds elections each year for the director positions with terms ending at yearend, with new terms beginning the following January 1. For member director positions, members located in the relevant states as of the record date are eligible to participate in the election for the state in which they are located. For nonmember independent director positions, all members located in the district as of the record date are eligible to participate in the election. For each director position to be filled, an eligible institution may cast one vote for each share of capital stock it was required to hold as of the record date (according to the requirements of the Bank s capital plan), except that an eligible institution's votes for each director position to be filled may not exceed the average number of shares of capital stock required to be held by all of the members in that state as of the record date. In the case of an election to fill more than one member director position for a state, an eligible institution may not cumulate or divide its block of eligible votes. Interim vacancies in director positions are filled by the Board. The Board does not solicit proxies, nor are eligible institutions permitted to solicit or use proxies to cast their votes in an election. 
 Candidates for member director positions are not nominated by the Bank s Board. As provided for in the Federal Home Loan Bank Act of 1932, as amended (FHLBank Act), member director candidates are nominated by the institutions eligible to participate in the election in the relevant state. Candidates for nonmember independent director positions are nominated by the Board, following consultation with the Bank s Affordable Housing Advisory Council, and are reviewed by the Finance Agency. The Bank s Governance Committee performs certain functions that are similar to the functions of a nominating committee with respect to the nomination of nonmember independent directors. If only one individual is nominated by the Board for each open nonmember independent director position, that individual must receive at least 20 of the eligible votes to be declared elected; and if two or more individuals are nominated by the Board for any single open nonmember independent director position, the individual receiving the highest number of votes cast in the election must be declared elected by the Bank. 
 Each member director must be a citizen of the United States and must be an officer or director of a member of the Bank (located in the state to which the director position has been allocated) that meets all minimum capital requirements established by the member's appropriate Federal banking agency or appropriate state regulator. There are no other eligibility or qualification requirements in the FHLBank Act or the regulations governing the Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBanks) for member directors. Each nonmember independent director must be a United States citizen and must maintain a principal residence in a state in the Bank s district (or own or lease a residence in the district and be employed in the district). In addition, the individual may not be an officer of any FHLBank or a director, officer, or employee of any member of the Bank or of any recipient of advances from the Bank. Each nonmember independent director who serves as a public interest director must have more than four years of personal experience in representing consumer or community interests in banking services, credit needs, housing, or financial consumer protection. Each nonmember independent director other than a public interest director must have knowledge of, or experience in, financial management, auditing or accounting, risk management practices, derivatives, project development, organizational management, or law. 
 150 

Table of Contents 

 The term for each director position is four years (unless a shorter term is assigned by the Finance Agency for staggering purposes), and directors are subject to a limit on the number of consecutive terms they may serve. A director elected to three consecutive full terms on the Board is not eligible for election to a term that begins earlier than two years after the expiration of the third consecutive term. On an annual basis, the Bank s Board performs a Board assessment that includes consideration of the directors' backgrounds, experience, expertise, Board service, and other factors. Also on an annual basis, each director certifies to the Bank that he or she continues to meet all applicable statutory and regulatory eligibility and qualification requirements. In connection with the election or appointment of a nonmember independent director, the nonmember independent director completes an application form providing information to demonstrate his or her eligibility and qualifications to serve on the Board. As of the filing date of this Form 10-K, nothing has come to the attention of the Board or management to indicate that any of the current Board members do not continue to possess the necessary experience, qualifications, attributes, or skills expected of the directors to serve on the Bank s Board, as described in each director's biography below. 
 Information regarding the current directors and executive officers of the Bank is provided below. There are no family relationships among the directors or executive officers of the Bank. The Bank s Code of Conduct for Senior Officers, which applies to the president, executive vice presidents, certain senior vice presidents, and such other employees serving in a financial reporting oversight role as determined from time to time by the chief financial officer, and any amendments or waivers to the code are disclosed on the Bank s website located at www.fhlbsf.com. 
 The charter of the Audit Committee of the Bank s Board is available on the Bank s website at www.fhlbsf.com. 
 Board of Directors 
 The following table sets forth information (ages as of February 28, 2023) regarding each of the Bank s directors. 
 Name Age Director Since Expiration of Current Term Simone Lagomarsino, Chair (1) 
 61 2013 2024 F. Daniel Siciliano, Vice Chair (2)(7)(9) 
 52 2017 2024 David Adame (2)(9) 
 59 2022 2025 Banafsheh Akhlaghi (2)(8)(10) 
 54 2022 2025 Jeffrey K. Ball (3) 
 58 2018 2024 Marangal (Marito) Domingo (1)(10) 
 62 2018 2025 Ana E. Fonseca (4)(7)(9) 
 57 2022 2023 Lori R. Gay (2) 
 60 2021 2024 Melinda Guzman (2)(8)(10) 
 59 2009 2023 Matthew Hendricksen (5)(8)(10) 
 43 2020 2023 Chang M. Liu (1) 
 56 2023 2026 Kevin Murray (2)(8) 
 62 2008 2023 Joan C. Opp (1)(7)(8)(9) 
 56 2018 2025 Brian M. Riley (6)(7)(9) 
 58 2015 2026 Gary L. Trujillo (2)(7) 
 62 2023 2026 
 (1) Elected by the Bank s California members eligible to vote. 
 (2) Elected as a nonmember independent director by the Bank members eligible to vote. Ms. Guzman also served as an appointive director from April 19, 2007, to December 31, 2008. With the enactment of the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 on July 30, 2008, the director positions previously appointed by the Federal Housing Finance Board (appointive director positions) became known as nonmember independent director positions, and the method for filling these positions was changed to election by the Bank members eligible to vote. 
 (3) Mr. Ball was elected by the Bank s California members eligible to vote, for a four-year term beginning January 1, 2021. Previously, Mr. Ball was selected by the Board to fill a vacant California member director position and served from January 1, 2018, to December 31, 2020. 
 (4) Ms. Fonseca was selected by the Board to fill a vacant California member director position effective July 28, 2022. 
 (5) Elected by the Bank s Nevada members eligible to vote. 
 (6) Elected by the Bank s Arizona members eligible to vote. 
 (7) Member of the Audit Committee in 2023. 
 (8) Member of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee in 2023. 
 (9) Member of the Audit Committee in 2022. Former director Shruti Miyashiro, who resigned from the Board effective June 30, 2022, was also on the Audit Committee in 2022. 
 151 

Table of Contents 

 (10) Member of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee in 2022. Former director Scott C. Syphax was also on the Compensation and Human Resources Committee in 2022. 
 
 The Board has determined that all Audit Committee members (Audit Committee Chair Joan C. Opp, Audit Committee Vice-Chair F. Daniel Siciliano, and Audit Committee members Ana E. Fonseca, Brian M. Riley, and Gary L. Trujillo), and Board Chair Simone Lagomarsino are audit committee financial experts within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules. For information concerning the experience through which these individuals acquired the attributes required to be deemed audit committee financial experts, refer to the biographical information below. The Bank is required by SEC rules to disclose whether the audit committee financial experts are independent and is required to use a definition of independence from a national securities exchange or national securities association. The Bank has elected to use the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations (NASDAQ) definition of independence, and under that definition, all of the Bank s audit committee financial experts are independent. In addition, all of the Bank s audit committee financial experts are independent according to the rules governing the FHLBanks applicable to members of the audit committees of the boards of directors of the FHLBanks and the independence rules under Section 10A(m) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 Simone Lagomarsino, Chair 
 Simone Lagomarsino has been president and chief executive officer of Luther Burbank Corporation, and its subsidiary Luther Burbank Savings, Santa Rosa, California, since January 2019, and a director since November 2018. Beginning in January of 2022, she joined the board of directors of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco head office. From July 2019 to June 2022, Ms. Lagomarsino was on the board of Hannon Armstrong, a real estate investment trust that provides capital to leading companies in the energy efficiency, renewable energy, and other sustainable infrastructure markets. Previously, she was a director of Pacific Premier Bank, Irvine, California, and its holding company, Pacific Premier Bancorp, from April 2017 through November 2018. Ms. Lagomarsino has also been the president and chief executive officer of Western Bankers Association (formerly California Bankers Association) beginning in April 2017 through December 2018. Prior to that she was chief executive officer and a director of Heritage Oaks Bank and president of Heritage Oaks Bancorp, Paso Robles, California, from September 2011, until its merger with Pacific Premier Bank and Pacific Premier Bancorp in April 2017. Prior to that, Ms. Lagomarsino was president and chief executive officer of Kinecta Federal Credit Union from June 2006 through January 2010. She is a financial services professional with more than 30 years of experience in executive positions. Ms. Lagomarsino s current position as the principal executive officer of a Bank member, her previous director and executive officer positions with other financial institutions, and her involvement in and knowledge of corporate governance, finance, auditing, accounting, internal controls, risk management, financial reporting, and financial management, as indicated by her background, support Ms. Lagomarsino s qualifications to serve on the Bank s Board. 
 F. Daniel Siciliano, Vice Chair 
 F. Daniel Siciliano is a Stanford Law School fellow (CodeX) and co-founder of Stanford s Rock Center for Corporate Governance. He has previously served as professor of the practice of law, faculty director of the Rock Center for Corporate Governance, and associate dean for executive education and special programs at Stanford Law School, Stanford, California. Mr. Siciliano is currently president and CEO of Nikkl, Inc, a fintech start-up that helps individuals and companies access and deploy capital to optimize returns in previously inefficient markets. Mr. Siciliano is the chair of the board of both the American Immigration Council and the Silicon Valley Directors Exchange, and serves on the board and as chair of audit for the Latino Corporate Directors Education Foundation. As of 2011, he has been an advisory board member and visiting professor for the Corporate Governance Center and Law School of Pontificia Universidad Cat lica de Chile. Previously, he was co-founder, chief executive officer, and executive chair of LawLogix Group, Inc., a privately held software technology company from 2000 to October 2015. Mr. Siciliano s current and previous positions as a law professor and director at Stanford s Rock Center for Corporate Governance; his previous experience as an executive officer of a software technology company; and his involvement in and knowledge of corporate governance, finance, auditing, accounting, internal controls, risk management, financial reporting, and financial management, as indicated by his background, support Mr. Siciliano s qualifications to serve on the Bank s Board. 
 152 

Table of Contents 

 David Adame 
 David Adame has served as president and chief executive officer of Chicanos Por La Causa (CPLC), one of the nation s largest community development corporations since 2015. Mr. Adame served as chief operating officer and chief financial officer from 2008 to 2015, before taking on the position of president and chief executive officer. Previously, Mr. Adame was vice president of Arizona operations for McCormack Baron Salazar, responsible for overseeing the firm s role in Henson Village, a HOPE VI project in Phoenix. He served as senior deputy director of Fannie Mae s Arizona partnership office from 1997 to 2003. Prior to that, he worked at JPMorgan Chase Co. (then called Bank One Arizona) for eight years. Mr. Adame previously served on the Bank s Affordable Housing Advisory Council from 2016 to 2021. Mr. Adame's current position as the principal executive officer of an affordable housing and community services provider; his experience in representing community interests in housing, health and human services, education, economic development, and advocacy, and his management skills, as indicated by his background, support Mr. Adame s qualifications to serve on the Bank s Board. 
 Banafsheh Akhlaghi 
 Banafsheh Akhlaghi is president and CEO of Akhlaghi Law, Mill Valley, California, an international private law practice founded in 2010. She has over 20 years of experience as founder of a civil rights nonprofit, consultant to the United Nations, and Regional Director with Amnesty International. Her expertise includes Environmental, Social, Governance (ESG), Risk Management, Legal and Business Strategy, Diversity Inclusion, and Public Policy. She has been a member since 2010 and was previously chair of, the Legal Services Trust Fund Commission of the State Bar of California, focusing on legal advocacy for underserved and underrepresented populations and homelessness prevention. Ms. Akhlaghi s current position as a principal in a law firm, her expertise in governance and risk management, and her management skills, as indicated by her background, support Ms. Akhlaghi s qualifications to serve on the Bank s Board . 
 Jeffrey (Jeff) K. Ball 
 Jeffrey (Jeff) K. Ball is the president and chief executive officer of the Orange County Business Council where he represents the interests of local businesses and organizations in promoting the region s economic prosperity. He is the founder of First Pacific Bank (formerly Friendly Hills Bank), Whittier, California, where he previously served as president and chief executive officer and is currently vice chair. He also currently serves on the board of directors for Mobility21, and Data Center, Inc., as chair of the audit committee. Prior to opening First Pacific Bank he held several office positions with Bank of America Corporation focused on both commercial and investment banking. Mr. Ball is a leading advocate for the importance of financial education in all communities and was the lead petitioner in the establishment of Kinetic Academy, a K-8 charter school located in Huntington Beach, California where he currently serves as vice chair. Mr. Ball is a past chair of the California Bankers Association and Kinetic Academy, past president of the Whittier Host Lions Club and past founding chair of the Whittier Union High School District Foundation. Mr. Ball is also a member by appointment of the Legal Services Trust Fund Commission of the California State Bar which he previously chaired, is a public member of the Accrediting Commission for Community and Junior Colleges and serves on the board of governors of the Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Ball frequently guest lectures on financial and economic principles at high schools and universities across the nation. Mr. Ball s current position as a director and previous service as an executive officer of a Bank member, his previous officer positions with other financial institutions, and his involvement in and knowledge of corporate governance, finance, auditing, accounting, internal controls, risk management, financial reporting, and financial management, as indicated by his background, support Mr. Ball s qualifications to serve on the Bank s Board. 
 
 Marangal (Marito) Domingo 
 Marangal (Marito) Domingo joined First Technology Federal Credit Union, San Jose, California, in March 2013, and currently serves as chief financial officer and chief credit officer. Prior to that, he was executive vice president and chief financial officer of Pacific Trust Bank from 2011 to 2012. Mr. Domingo has over 20 years of experience in banking, including serving as chief financial officer for Doral Bank, senior vice president of finance for Treasury Bank, chief executive officer of Downey Savings, head of capital markets for Washington Mutual Bank, and treasurer for American Savings. He has also served on the Mortgage Bankers Association s Residential Board of 
 153 

Table of Contents 

 Governors and as a member of the board of directors for the National Equity Fund (affordable housing), Greater Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce, the Beaverton Education Foundation, and SMART Reading. Mr. Domingo s current position as an executive officer of a Bank member, his previous executive positions with other financial institutions, and his involvement in and knowledge of corporate governance, finance, auditing, accounting, internal controls, risk management, financial reporting, and financial management, as indicated by his background, support Mr. Domingo s qualifications to serve on the Bank s Board. 
 Ana E. Fonseca 
 Ana E. Fonseca has 36 years experience in the financial services industry and has been the president and chief executive officer of Logix Federal Credit Union, Valencia, California, since January 2019. From April 2002 through December 2018, she held leadership roles including executive vice president/chief operating officer and executive vice president/chief financial officer. She is experienced in developing and executing strategies to achieve long term profitable growth, sustain high levels of customer delight, and build high performing teams and has overseen fiscal operations, sales and revenue growth, customer service/experience, lending, risk management, facilities management, information technology, data and financial analytics and business operations. Ms. Fonseca s current position as the principal executive officer of a Bank member, and her involvement in and knowledge of corporate governance, finance, auditing, accounting, internal controls, risk management, financial reporting, and financial management, as indicated by her background, support Ms. Fonseca s qualifications to serve on the Bank s Board. 
 Lori R. Gay 
 Lori R. Gay has been president and chief executive officer of Neighborhood Housing Services of Los Angeles County (NHS) since 1990. NHS serves as a community development financial institution and full service real estate firm. Ms. Gay has served on numerous boards of directors, including the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco, Los Angeles Branch, the California Organized Investment Network, and the California Housing Finance Agency. Ms. Gay s current position as the principal executive officer of an affordable homeownership services provider responsible for reaching families with financial counseling and affordable lending and redevelopment services and her management skills, as indicated by her background, support Ms. Gay s qualifications to serve as a public interest director on the Bank s Board. 
 Melinda Guzman 
 Melinda Guzman has been a chief executive officer of Melinda Guzman Professional Corporation, Sacramento, California, since 2009. She was a partner with Freeman Guzman, LLP, a law firm in Sacramento, California, from 1999 to 2015. Prior to that, she was a partner with Diepenbrock, Wulff, Plant Hannegan, LLP, also a law firm in Sacramento. Ms. Guzman's practice focuses on tort, labor, insurance, and commercial matters. She previously served on the Bank s board of directors from April 2007 through December 2008. Ms. Guzman's involvement and experience in representing community and consumer interests with respect to banking services, credit needs, housing and consumer financial protections, and corporate governance, as indicated by her background, and her management skills derived from her various legislative appointments and her service from 2002 to 2003 as chair of the Nehemiah Corporation of America (a community development corporation), her service from 2001 to 2004 as chairman of the California Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, and her service with other community-based organizations support Ms. Guzman's qualifications to serve on the Bank s Board. 
 Matthew Hendricksen 
 Matthew Hendricksen joined Employers Insurance Company of Nevada, Reno, Nevada, and the Employers Insurance Group, Inc., in May 2012, and currently serves as senior vice president Treasury and Investments. Prior to that, he was a portfolio manager at AIG from 2003 to 2012. During his 18-year career, Mr. Hendricksen has specialized in investments, derivatives, risk management, and insurance regulations. Mr. Hendricksen s current position as an officer of a Bank member and his involvement in and knowledge of finance, accounting, internal controls, risk management, and financial management, as indicated by his background, support Mr. Hendricksen s qualifications to serve on the Bank s Board. 
 154 

Table of Contents 

 Chang M. Liu 
 Chang M. Liu is president and CEO of Cathay Bank and its holding company Cathay General Bancorp, where he serves on both entities board of directors. Mr. Liu has over 31 years of experience in the financial services industry. Mr. Liu joined Cathay Bank in 2014 as senior vice president and assistant chief lending officer. He has held various leadership positions of increasing responsibilities, including executive vice president and chief lending officer in 2016 and chief operating officer in 2018. Before being named president, Mr. Liu was responsible for managing and overseeing all commercial and real estate lending, business development, and various operations. Mr. Liu also serves as a member of the Western Bankers Association board of directors and the American Cancer Society s CEOs Against Cancer group, on the board of advisors for the UCLA Anderson Forecast, and serves on the board of directors of Foothill Family Service. Mr. Liu s current position as the principal executive officer of a Bank member, and his involvement in and knowledge of corporate governance, finance, auditing, accounting, internal controls, risk management, financial reporting, and financial management, as indicated by his background, support Mr. Liu s qualifications to serve on the Bank s Board. 
 Kevin Murray 
 Kevin Murray has been a principal in The Murray Group, a legal and consulting firm, since its founding in December 2006. Since May 2011, Mr. Murray has served as the president and chief executive officer of the Weingart Center Association. Mr. Murray was senior vice president of the William Morris Agency, Beverly Hills, California, from January 2007 to June 2009, working primarily in the company's corporate consulting division. Mr. Murray served as a California State Senator from December 1998 until November 2006, and as a California State Assembly member from December 1994 until November 1998. Prior to serving in the California State Legislature, Mr. Murray practiced law. Mr. Murray's involvement in legislative matters relating to, among other things, the banking and insurance industries, his experience in law and corporate governance practices, and his management skills, as indicated by his background, support Mr. Murray's qualifications to serve on the Bank s Board. 
 Joan C. Opp 
 Joan C. Opp has been the president and chief executive officer of Stanford Federal Credit Union, Palo Alto, California, since May 2010. From February 2002 to April 2010, she was executive vice president and chief financial officer for Texas Trust Credit Union overseeing accounting, information technology, marketing and business services, as well as three credit union service organizations. Prior to that, Ms. Opp was a partner with the CPA firm of Clifton Gunderson, LLP, and is a Certified Public Accountant. Ms. Opp serves on the board of directors of CO-OP Financial. Ms. Opp s current position as the principal executive officer of a Bank member, her previous executive positions with other financial institutions, and her involvement in and knowledge of corporate governance, finance, auditing, accounting, internal controls, risk management, financial reporting, and financial management, as indicated by her background, support Ms. Opp s qualifications to serve on the Bank s Board. 
 155 

Table of Contents 

 Brian M. Riley 
 Brian M. Riley has been a director of Oxford Life Insurance Company, Phoenix, Arizona, since November 2019. He has also been the president and chief executive officer of Foothills Bank (a division of Glacier Bank, Kalispell, Montana) since March 2020. Previously, Mr. Riley was the president and chief executive officer of State Bank of Arizona (formerly Mohave State Bank), Lake Havasu City, Arizona, from March 2009 to February 2020. He also served as director, president, and chief executive officer of State Bank Corp., the holding company for State Bank of Arizona, from March 2009 to February 2020. Mr. Riley has also served as a director of Clearinghouse CDFI, Lake Forest, California, since August 2018. He was the chief financial officer of Mohave State Bank from April 2008 to March 2009. Prior to that, he was chief executive officer of Harbor Bank and Trust, a financial institution in organization in Southport, Connecticut. Mr. Riley has over 30 years of experience in banking, including serving as president and chief executive officer of PriVest Bank, Costa Mesa, California, and holding other executive positions with Provident Savings Bank, Riverside, California, and Metro Commerce Bank, San Rafael, California. Mr. Riley is a director of the Arizona Bankers Association. Mr. Riley s current positions as a director of a Bank member and a principal executive officer of a financial institution, his previous executive positions with other financial institutions, and his involvement in and knowledge of corporate governance, finance, auditing, accounting, internal controls, risk management, financial reporting, and financial management, as indicated by his background, support Mr. Riley s qualifications to serve on the Bank s Board. 
 Gary L. Trujillo 
 Gary L. Trujillo is the founder and serves as president and CEO of Southwest Harvard Group, LLC, an investment firm and family office in Phoenix, Arizona. He is also executive chairman of the Standard Printing Company, Inc. Mr. Trujillo has been a serial entrepreneur for over 30 years with significant experience as a CEO, financier, founder, operator, and independent corporate board member, including serving on three publicly traded company boards and multiple privately owned company boards in the technology, healthcare, auto, real estate, and financial services industries. Mr. Trujillo is also recognized nationally as a dedicated community leader, having co-founded the Be A Leader Foundation in 2002, an education-focused nonprofit serving more than 14,000 students per year. Mr. Trujillo s current and previous experience as an executive officer of an investment firm and other companies, and his involvement in and knowledge of corporate governance, finance, auditing, accounting, internal controls, risk management, financial reporting, and financial management, as indicated by his background, support Mr. Trujillo s qualifications to serve on the Bank s Board. 
 Executive Officers 
 Teresa Bryce Bazemore 
 Teresa Bryce Bazemore, 63, is currently serving as president and chief executive officer. She has held the position of president and chief executive officer since March 2021. Prior to joining the Bank, Ms. Bazemore served as the president of Radian Guaranty from July 2008 until her retirement in April 2017, where she oversaw the strategic planning, business development, and operations of the mortgage insurance business line. Prior to being appointed as the president of Radian Guaranty, Ms. Bazemore served as executive vice president, general counsel, and corporate secretary from October 2006 to July 2008, and added the role of chief risk officer of Radian Group in February 2007. Before joining the Radian Group, Ms. Bazemore was the vice president, general counsel, and secretary for Nexstar Financial Corporation, from June 2000 to May 2006, and before that she was the general counsel of the mortgage banking line of business at Bank of America from March 1997 to May 2000. Following her retirement from Radian Guaranty, Ms. Bazemore served as a member of the board of directors of FHLBank of Pittsburgh from August 2017 until March 2019, when she relocated to California. In addition, Ms. Bazemore currently is a member of the board of directors of First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc., and the T. Rowe Price Funds where she serves as the audit committee chair. She previously served as a member of the board of directors of Chimera Investment Corporation from November 2017 to February 2021. Professional appointments she has held include: Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia Economic Advisory Council, Fannie Mae National Advisory Council, and Consumer Advisory Council of the Federal Reserve. 
 156 

Table of Contents 

 Joseph E. Amato 
 Joseph E. Amato, 64, is currently serving as executive vice president and chief financial officer. He has held the position of executive vice president and chief financial officer since May 13, 2021. Mr. Amato joined the Bank as executive vice president and senior financial officer on October 9, 2020, and served as the Bank s interim chief financial officer from January 4, 2021, until his appointment as the Bank s chief financial officer. Prior to joining the Bank, Mr. Amato was chief financial officer at the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines from May 2016 to June 2019. Prior to that, Mr. Amato served in various capacities at Freddie Mac from 2001 until 2016, most recently serving as senior vice president and CFO, investments and financial planning. 
 Arlene Coyle 
 Arlene Coyle, 50, is currently serving as senior vice president and chief audit executive. She has held the position of chief audit executive since May 2019. Ms. Coyle joined the Bank in February 2016 as assistant vice president, internal audit, and was promoted to vice president in February 2017. Ms. Coyle has over 25 years of internal audit and regulatory experience in the financial services industry. Before joining the Bank, she worked at TIAA in their Internal Audit function. Prior to TIAA, she worked as a bank examiner for the Federal Reserve System, supporting community and regional banks. She has a Certification in Risk Management Assurance and is a Certified Internal Auditor, a Certified Financial Services Auditor, and a Certified Diversity Professional. 
 Kwame Fields 
 Kwame Fields, 47, is currently serving as senior vice president, chief information security officer, and chief diversity officer. Mr. Fields has held the positions of chief information security officer since December 2017 and chief diversity officer since July 2021. Previously, he was acting chief diversity officer from July 2020 to July 2021. Mr. Fields has over 25 years of information security and risk management experience across multiple industries. Prior to joining the Bank, he was a vice president at E TRADE, where he had worked since 2014. He led the technology and security oversight and governance organization and was a principal in the creation of their diversity and inclusion council. Prior to that, Mr. Fields held a number of other management roles and oversight positions with responsibility for managing a wide range of information security, business continuity, information technology risk management, and diversity initiatives. Mr. Fields is a Certified Information Systems Security Professional and a Certified Diversity Professional. 
 Kelly Gear 
 Kelly Gear, 50, is currently serving as senior vice president, chief of staff. She has held the position of chief of staff and corporate services since January 2022. Ms. Gear joined the Bank in August 2011 as vice president of IT planning and program services. Ms. Gear has over 25 years of management consulting and organizational leadership experience across highly regulated industries, including financial services, pharmaceuticals, and aerospace and defense. Prior to joining the Bank, Ms. Gear served on several executive committees overseeing large-scale global business transformations and strategic initiatives for PricewaterhouseCoopers and Johns Manville, a Berkshire Hathaway company. She is Certified Lean Six Sigma Black Belt and a Certified Diversity Professional. 
 Anne Segrest McCulloch 
 Anne Segrest McCulloch, 64, is currently serving as executive vice president, chief legal officer, and corporate secretary. She has held the positions of chief legal officer and corporate secretary since November 2021. She provides legal counsel to the Bank s management and board of directors on legal and regulatory matters affecting the development and execution of the Bank s business strategies, policies, and practices. She also directs and manages the Bank s legal staff, outside counsel, and public affairs team. Ms. McCulloch is a seasoned financial services and housing industry executive and regulatory attorney. Prior to joining the Bank, Ms. McCulloch was president and chief executive office of Housing Partnership Equity Trust from April 2017 through November 17, 2021. Previously, she held several senior positions in the housing sector, including senior vice president, credit and housing access, for Fannie Mae through March 2017. 
 157 

Table of Contents 

 Mani Massoomi 
 Mani Massoomi, 45, is currently serving as executive vice president and chief risk officer. He has held the position of chief risk officer since November 2022. He oversees the Bank s risk management, compliance, model risk, market risk, member and counterparty credit, and related governance frameworks. Previously, Mr. Massoomi served as senior vice president, enterprise risk officer from August 2019 to October 2022. He has over 20 years of experience in risk management, internal audit, banking, capital markets, and technology. Before joining the Bank, Mr. Massoomi was the head of operational and enterprise risk at SoFi in San Francisco. Prior to his tenure at SoFi, he was the audit executive for the domestic and international asset management and enterprise risk management functions at TIAA. His experience also includes positions at Royal Bank of Canada Capital Markets, Millennium Management Hedge Fund, General Motors, and Morgan Stanley. He is a Certified Fraud Examiner, Certified Financial Services Auditor, and Certified Investment and Derivatives Auditor, and holds a Certification in Risk Management Assurance. 
 Maxine Moir 
 Maxine Moir, 52, is currently serving as senior vice president and chief human resources officer. She has held the position of chief human resources officer since February 2020. Previously, Ms. Moir was senior vice president and director of human resources from July 2017 to February 2020. Prior to joining the Bank, Ms. Moir served as director, global human resources business partner, at BlackRock, where she provided human resources support for the iShares business. Her experience also includes 17 years of progressively more complex human resources executive responsibilities at Bank of America, where she led regional and national teams. Ms. Moir holds a Senior Certified Professional credential from the Society of Human Resources Management. 
 Gregory A. Ward 
 Gregory A. Ward, 53, is currently serving as executive vice president and chief operating officer. He has held the position of chief operating officer since November 2022. He is responsible for the Bank s operations, information technology, information security, procurement, corporate services, and community investment departments. Mr. Ward joined the Bank in 2013 as vice president, internal audit, and was promoted to deputy director in June 2016 and to director in January 2017, and has held various positions with increasing responsibilities during his tenure, most recently as chief risk officer from May 2019 to October 2022. Before joining the Bank, he worked with Ernst Young LLP for 12 years in its Financial Services Advisory Practice. Prior to his tenure at Ernst Young, Mr. Ward worked in the captive insurance industry in Bermuda and for Price Waterhouse in the United Kingdom in its external audit practice. He is a Chartered Accountant, Certified Internal Auditor, Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialist, and Project Management Professional. 
 
 Anthony (Tony) T. Wong 
 Anthony T. Wong, 57, is currently serving as executive vice president and chief banking officer. He has held the position of chief banking officer since April 2020. Previously, Mr. Wong was senior vice president, member financial services, and chief marketing officer. He joined the Bank in 1995 and has held various positions with increasing responsibilities during his tenure. Prior to joining the Bank, he worked in the capital markets group at Wells Fargo Nikko Investment Advisors. He is a Certified Mortgage Banker, Accredited Mortgage Professional, and Certified Diversity Professional. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 This section provides information on the compensation program of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco (Bank) for our named executive officers for 2022. Our named executive officers for 2022 are individuals who served as our principal executive officer(s), our principal financial officer(s), and our other three most highly compensated executive officers. 
 158 

Table of Contents 

 Compensation and Human Resources Committee 
 The Compensation and Human Resources Committee (Compensation Committee) of the Bank s board of directors (Board) is responsible for, among other things, reviewing and making recommendations to the full Board regarding compensation and incentive plan awards for the Bank s eligible senior executive officers (the president and each executive vice president, and any senior vice president as of December 31, 2018). For 2022, the Compensation Committee was also responsible for reviewing and making recommendations regarding compensation for the directors. For 2023, the Governance Committee is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations regarding compensation for the directors. For 2023 and 2022, the Compensation Committee consists of five members of the Board. The Compensation Committee acts pursuant to a Board-approved charter and may rely on the assistance, advice, and recommendations of the Bank s management and other advisors and may refer specific matters to other committees of the Board. In addition, the Risk Committee of the Board is responsible for oversight of the Bank s enterprise-wide risk management framework, including overseeing an annual executive incentive compensation risk assessment of the Bank s compensation policies and practices for the Bank s senior executive officers. 
 Certain members of management assist the Compensation Committee in its responsibilities by providing compensation and performance information regarding our executive officers. 
 With respect to the compensation of the named executive officers of a Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLBank), the Federal Housing Finance Agency (Finance Agency) requires that an FHLBank provide the Finance Agency with copies of all materials related to the compensation decisions of the FHLBank s Board for its review prior to the compensation decisions taking effect. 
 The Finance Agency s Advisory Bulletin 2009-AB-02 outlines several principles for sound incentive compensation practices to which the FHLBanks are expected to adhere in setting executive compensation policies and practices. The Finance Agency s rule setting forth requirements and processes with respect to compensation provided to certain executive officers by FHLBanks and the Office of Finance addresses the authority of the Finance Agency Director to approve, disapprove, prohibit, or withhold the compensation of certain FHLBanks and Office of Finance executive officers. The rule also addresses the Director s authority to approve, in advance, agreements or contracts of certain executive officers that provide compensation in connection with termination of employment. The rule prohibits an FHLBank or the Office of Finance from paying compensation to certain executive officers that is not reasonable and comparable to compensation paid by similar businesses for similar duties and responsibilities. In this regard, the Finance Agency issued a Supervisory Letter in December 2020 that outlines 3 points of guidance related to the Finance Agency s perspective on FHLBank executive compensation and is intended to provide greater clarity about the factors the Finance Agency considers relevant in making compensation-related determinations. The Compensation Committee has taken into account the guidance of the Finance Agency in determining the Bank s Executive Compensation Philosophy and executive compensation program. 
 Our Executive Compensation Philosophy and Executive Compensation Program 
 The Bank has a Board-approved Executive Compensation Philosophy that forms the basis of our executive compensation program. In accordance with our Executive Compensation Philosophy, we believe that to attract and retain outstanding executives we must be able to provide an executive compensation package that is competitive and appropriately motivates and rewards the executive officers who make contributions of special importance to the success of the Bank s business. Our executive compensation program provides total remuneration, which includes base salary, short- and long-term cash incentive compensation, and retirement benefits. 
 The Bank s Executive Compensation Philosophy states that total compensation is intended to align the interests of the executives and key employees with the short-term and long-term interests of the Bank; to ensure an appropriate level of competitiveness within the marketplace from which the Bank recruits executive talent; and to encourage the executives and other key employees to remain employed by the Bank. The Bank s Executive Compensation Philosophy provides that total remuneration (base salary, short- and long-term cash incentives, and retirement benefits) is also intended to motivate executives to deliver exceptional performance without encouraging unnecessary or excessive risk-taking. 
 159 

Table of Contents 

 Total Compensation is Intended to Reward Contributions to the Bank s Corporate Goals and Performance Targets and Achievement of Individual Performance Goals. We have structured our executive compensation program to reward contributions by executives in support of the Bank s corporate goals and performance targets, including those set forth in the Bank s strategic plan, and achievement of individual performance goals. In addition to base salary, our cash incentive compensation plans create an award program for executives who contribute to and influence achievement of the Bank s mission and other key objectives contained in the Bank s strategic plans, and who are responsible for the Bank s performance. The Bank s overall executive compensation programs reward sustained performance through the balanced use of short- and long-term incentives, which represent a substantial portion of pay-at-risk, and through competitive retirement benefits, which promote the alignment of executive and Bank interests over the long term. 
 Each Year, the Bank Establishes Specific Corporate Goals Consistent with the Bank s Strategic Plan. For 2022, the Board adopted four corporate goals: the Business and Financial goal, the Risk Management goal, the Community Investment goal, and the Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) and People goal. 
 The Business and Financial goal for 2022 comprised three goal components: (i) Financial Performance Adjusted Return on Capital (AROC) Spread; (ii) Operating Efficiency Operating Expense Management; and (iii) Member Business Advances and Letters of Credit Volume. 
 The financial performance goal component recognized that an adequate financial return on the private capital that members contribute to the cooperative is important to members as shareholders. The weighting of this goal acknowledged that the return on members capital investment was only one of many aspects of the value of membership. The financial performance goal component was expressed as a target percentage of AROC spread, which is the adjusted return on capital less the benchmark yield on capital. The target (100 level of achievement was set equal to the 2022 base case financial projections in the Bank s 2022-2024 Strategic Plan, or 1.29 . 
 The maximum goal was 1.66 , reflecting the optimistic scenario plus an add-on to increase its stretch. 
 For the operating efficiency goal component, the purpose was to create incentives to operate at or below the Bank s approved 2022 operating expense budget of 157.2 million and to demonstrate the importance of cost management and operating efficiency. Minimum achievement was set equal to 2022 operating expenses that are 2.0 higher than the 2022 operating expense budget, while the maximum level of achievement was set equal to 2022 operating expenses that are 3.0 lower than the 2022 operating expense budget. 
 The third component of the Business and Financial goal was designed to focus management on member business and measure how well the Bank maintained and increased the volume of advances and letters of credit outstanding to members, which is a key to enhancing the Bank s member business franchise and fulfilling the Bank s mission. The Board set the target achievement levels for the targeted volumes of advances and letters of credit based on various assumptions, such as economic forecasts, member information, potential member business, historical goal performance, industry trends and events, and current market environment and conditions, such that the relative difficulty of achieving the target volume levels was commensurate with extending credit to members in a safe and sound manner. The target level of achievement for the advances and letters of credit volume goal is set equal to the 2022 base case in the Bank s 2022-2024 Strategic Plan, or 27.8 billion. The maximum level of achievement for this third goal component is 35.4 billion, reflecting the optimistic scenario plus an add-on to increase stretch. 
 The Risk Management goal was comprised of two components goals: (i) Operational Risk Management Enhance Operational Adaptability and Resilience; and (ii) Information Security Risk Management Enhance Active Directory Security Configuration and Monitoring. 
 The first Risk Management goal component was intended to support and strengthen the Bank s operational resiliency through further enhancements to the operational risk management framework. This goal component was put in place to build upon the momentum of various operational risk management program enrichments and harmonize the Bank s operational risk and business process taxonomies while considering the current and emerging risk landscape confronting the Bank. This goal component also specified the initiation of deeper technology-focused risk assessments in congruence to industry leading practices, improving the cataloging of risks and associated 
 160 

Table of Contents 

 controls, and building a glidepath to maximizing operational synergies for the various Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) processes and GRC-like systems used by various business units across the Bank. 
 The second Risk Management goal component was intended to minimize cyber security exposure to Bank operations due to insecure configuration of core technology that supports layered architecture components. 
 The Community Investment goal for 2022 comprised of three component goals: (i) the Nevada Targeted Program; (ii) Community Investment Program (CIP), Advances for Community Enterprise (ACE) Program, Letters of Credit, and Access to Housing and Economic Assistance for Development (AHEAD) Program Product Utilization; and (iii) the Homeownership Counseling Program. 
 For the first Community Investment goal component, the Bank has committed to take steps to increase the participation of Nevada sponsors and members in the Bank s Affordable Housing Program (AHP) in 2023. This goal component included offering a voluntary program in 2022 to develop sponsor capacity in Nevada and establish a framework for an AHP Targeted Fund for Nevada in 2023. The voluntary program includes providing training that will support the creation of a pipeline of Nevada project sponsors and members to apply to the AHP General Fund or Targeted Fund. 
 Consistent with the Bank s public policy purpose, the second Community Investment goal component focused management on meeting the Bank s objective of making advances and credit programs that promote and assist housing and community economic development activities available to members. Achievement in this area is a key element of the Bank s mission objectives, and the participation of Bank members is critical. This goal included achievement levels for: (i) the number of unique members that used an advance or letter of credit under the CIP or ACE Program and (ii) the number of unique members that received an award in the AHEAD Program during 2022. 
 Under the third Community Investment goal component, as part of the Bank s Strategic Homeownership Initiative, the Bank offered a homeownership counseling program which included grants as well as a member matching contribution component to help expand the capacity of HUD-approved housing counseling agencies to serve more aspiring and at-risk homeowners in communities of color. 
 The DEI and People goal for 2022 comprised of three components goals: (i) DEI Supplier Diversity; (ii) DEI Workplace Diversity; and (iii) Talent. 
 For the first DEI and People goal component, the purpose was to increase addressable spend by providing additional opportunities to maintain or increase spend with people of color or diverse suppliers including increasing bid opportunities for people of color or diverse suppliers. This goal component also required additional people of color and diverse supplier sourcing, outreach, and supplier development. 
 The second DEI and People goal component was intended to increase participation from diverse employees in leadership development programs by expanding participation in employee development programs such as the McKinsey Leadership Development and Platinum Exchange Programs. To achieve the highest level of target participation, management was required to identify potential participants that were not in the pool of program participants from prior years, which would complement the completion of talent reviews to the director level which will aid in the identification of leadership development candidates. 
 Under the third DEI and People goal component, management would identify key talent and build a diverse talent pipeline. This goal component included expanding the talent review process by conducting cross-functional talent reviews through director level and expanding succession planning efforts to include executive vice presidents, senior vice presidents and managing directors. 
 Each Year, the Bank Establishes Individual Goals for Executives Consistent with the Bank s Strategic Plan . The individual performance goals established for executive officers are generally based on the Bank s Strategic Plan and reflect strategic objectives that will enable the Bank to successfully achieve its mission. The Bank s 2022 strategic objectives were to: (i) enhance membership value and business utilization; (ii) continually improve organizational performance; (iii) attract, develop, and retain high performing talent; and (iv) expand community investment impact across the district. 
 161 

Table of Contents 

 The Bank s Executive Incentive Compensation Plans were Designed to Calculate Executive Officers' Achievement Levels on a Weighted Basis to Ensure a Proper Balance in Achieving the Bank s Mission in a Safe and Sound Manner. With respect to each of the named executive officers for 2022, the achievement levels of each of the four Bank corporate goals (the Business and Financial goal, the Risk Management goal, the Community Investment goal, and the DEI and People goal) were weighted at 80 in the aggregate with the individual goal weighted at 20 of the total weighted achievement level for each officer. See Elements of Our Executive Compensation Program Executive Incentive Plan below for the individual corporate goal weights. 
 
 The weightings of the Bank s corporate goals were approved by the Board and were designed to appropriately focus senior management on accomplishing the Bank s mission and strategic plan. See Executive Incentive Plan below for a discussion of the relative weights given to corporate goals and individual goals for each component of the Executive Incentive Plan (EIP) for 2022 for the named executive officers. 
 Our Executive Compensation Program is Designed to Enable the Bank to Compete for Highly Qualified Executive Talent. Our members are best served when we attract and retain talented executives with competitive and fair compensation packages. In 2022, the Bank evaluated total remuneration around the median 50th percentile of the financial services marketplace from which the Bank recruits executive talent, including regional and community banks and diversified financial institutions, while maintaining an appropriate alignment with the practices of other FHLBanks. 
 The Compensation Committee recognized that comparing our compensation practices to a group of other financial services and banking firms that are similar in total assets presents some challenges because of the special nature of our business and our cooperative ownership structure. We believe that the executive roles of our named executive officers are somewhat comparable to those in the comparison group, although the Bank may have a narrower business focus. 
 Our named executive officers are required to have the same depth of knowledge and experience that comparable financial services and banking firms require, but, unlike some of these comparable companies with multiple lines of business, our lines of business are limited. For example, in certain areas of the Bank our focus is more like that of a specific subsidiary, division, or business unit of comparable financial institutions with multiple lines of business. 
 For purposes of developing comparative compensation information, the companies with comparable positions were financial services and banking firms with similar business sophistication and complexity. In supporting compensation decisions, the Compensation Committee uses and considers compensation information about the comparable positions at these companies. Each element of compensation may vary somewhat above or below the market median for the related positions in the comparison groups. Furthermore, compensation levels for individual positions may also be adjusted to recognize additional factors, such as regional salary differences, recruitment or retention, special duties or responsibilities, sustained performance results, leadership succession planning, and internal equity considerations. 
 Since 2014, the Compensation Committee has engaged McLagan Partners, Inc. (McLagan), a leading global management consulting firm providing consulting and benchmarking services for the financial services industry, for the purpose of providing the Compensation Committee with annual competitive market compensation reference and comparative information. McLagan does not currently provide any other services to the Bank. In 2022, McLagan assessed the Bank s competitive market position with respect to its executive compensation program. McLagan used market data collected from its compensation surveys and publicly available proxy data. McLagan used standardized peer group data from three groups: commercial banks with incumbents located in metro San Francisco and metro New York; the other FHLBanks; and public proxy peers with assets between 10 billion and 20 billion. When comparing Bank executives with those at commercial banks, the closest comparable roles/realistic employment opportunities were used. When comparing Bank executives to executive roles at other FHLBanks, overall functional heads were used. When using the 10 billion to 20 billion peer group for comparison, actual functional roles or salary rank was used. The Compensation Committee used the McLagan market data as a reference point for evaluating 2022 executive compensation levels and to check, evaluate, and compare the reasonableness and appropriateness of the levels of compensation provided to our senior executives. 
 162 

Table of Contents 

 Allocation of Short-Term Cash Incentive Compensation and Long-Term Cash Incentive Compensation. Our objective is to compensate our senior executives, including our named executive officers, with a balanced combination of base salary and short- and long-term cash incentive compensation. 
 We believe that a balanced approach in delivering short- and long-term cash incentive compensation is most appropriate for the Bank because we believe our executives should be focused on achievement of both short- and long-term goals. Consistent with the Bank s three-year strategic plans and its Executive Compensation Philosophy, long-term cash incentive compensation helps provide a competitive total cash compensation package and enhances the Bank s ability to attract and retain key executives. 
 The Bank s short-term cash incentive compensation component of the EIP rewards the named executive officers and other executive officers for the Bank s achievement of its annual corporate goals and performance targets and for the officer's achievement of his or her individual goals. The Bank s long-term cash incentive compensation component of the EIP ties long-term cash incentive rewards to the sustainability of goal achievements over a long-term period. This structure is designed to promote the Bank s long-term health by deterring behavior or inappropriate risk-taking that could lead to material financial loss at the Bank. This approach for long-term compensation is consistent with developing practices to better recognize risk outcomes in incentive-based compensation decision making and balance risk and reward. 
 Elements of Our Executive Compensation Program 
 Base Salary Compensation 
 Base salary compensation is a key component of the Bank s executive compensation program and helps the Bank successfully attract and retain executive talent. Base salary for the named executive officers is based on a combination of factors, including comparative salary information from industry salary surveys that include financial institutions in the Bank s peer groups. Other factors include the named executive officer's relevant experience and accomplishments and level of responsibility at the Bank and perceived market competition for executives with comparable levels of experience. The Board considers any base salary adjustments for the named executive officers, effective as of the beginning of each year, based on the individual's performance and contributions to the Bank s achievements or to help more appropriately align total remuneration with comparable positions in the financial services marketplace. Base salary adjustments for the named executive officers are subject to review and non-objection from the Federal Housing Finance Agency. For the base salaries of the current named executive officers, see the discussion in Compensation Tables Narrative to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Non-Equity Incentive Plan-Based Awards Table At Will Employees, which discussion is herein incorporated by reference. 
 Executive Incentive Plan 
 The Board adopted the EIP, which provides for an annual total incentive award (Annual Award) for a one-year performance period. Fifty percent (50 of the Annual Award is earned and vested after the last day of the one-year performance period (Year-End Award). The remaining fifty percent (50 is deferred for a three-year period (Deferred Award). 
 The EIP is designed to attract and retain senior executive officers and to motivate and focus their efforts on achieving the Bank s business plan and accomplishing its goals and objectives while maintaining the safety and soundness of the Bank. The EIP is a cash-based incentive plan that provides award opportunities based on achievement of performance goals and the satisfaction of certain qualifiers. 
 The deferral component of the EIP ties long-term cash incentive rewards to the sustainability of goal achievements over a three-year period, which is intended to, among other things, promote the Bank s long-term health by deterring behavior or inappropriate risk-taking that could lead to material financial loss to the Bank. Under the Deferred Award provisions of the EIP, payment of fifty percent (50 of the total Annual Award is deferred for a three-year period, during which payment is conditioned upon the satisfaction of certain qualifiers (discussed 
 163 

Table of Contents 

 below) that recognize the risk outcomes of executive decision making. Deferred Awards may be reduced or subject to forfeiture if qualifiers are not met during the Deferral Performance Period (defined below). 
 The EIP provides that the Board will establish award levels prior to each of the performance periods for the total Annual Award, the Year-End Award, and the Deferred Award. A performance period for the Year-End Award, is the one-calendar-year period over which fifty percent (50 of the Annual Award can be earned and vested (Annual Performance Period). The related Deferred Award can vest at completion of the following three-calendar-year performance period (Deferral Performance Period). 
 Performance goals and qualifiers are the factors established by the Board for each performance period and are taken into consideration in determining the amount of an award. Under the EIP for 2022, the Board defined Minimum, Meets, and Maximum achievement levels for each performance goal to determine the amount of the award. The Board may adjust the performance goals and qualifiers for any performance period to ensure the purposes of the EIP are served. The EIP provides that in determining the appropriate performance goals and qualifiers the Board will, among other things: balance risk and financial results in a manner that does not encourage participants to expose the Bank to imprudent risks; make such a determination in a manner designed to ensure that a participant s overall compensation is balanced and not excessive in amount and that the awards are consistent with the Bank s policies regarding compensation arrangements; and monitor the success of the performance goals and qualifiers, taking into account weighting established in prior years and making appropriate adjustments in the future, as needed, so that payments appropriately incentivize participants, appropriately reflect risk, and align with regulatory guidance. 
 Under the EIP for 2022, the Board established 2022 performance goals for the Annual Award, which, as discussed above, were the Business and Financial goal, Risk Management goal, Community Investment goal, and DEI and People goal. 
 For the 2022 performance goals, the following table shows the goal weights for the senior executive officers eligible to participate in the EIP (including the named executive officers and the chief risk officer). 
 Senior Executive Officers Chief Risk Officer Corporate Goal Weight Goal Weight (includes individual goals) Corporate Goal Weight Goal Weight (includes individual goals) Individual N/A 20.0 N/A 20.0 Business and Financial 40.0 32.0 20.0 16.0 Risk Management 20.0 16.0 50.0 40.0 Community Investment 20.0 16.0 10.0 8.0 DEI and People 
 20.0 16.0 20.0 16.0 Total 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 For the EIP for 2022, performance goal measures range from 75 of target (Minimum) to 150 of target (Maximum). 
 The achievement levels in the EIP for 2022 were designed to reward senior executive officers for achievement of the Bank s corporate goals and objectives as described above, based on a target level of achievement for all corporate goals and the officer's individual goal(s). The Maximum achievement level was designed to reward senior executive officers when the Bank and the individual officer achievements far exceed the target level. The Maximum achievement level is the most optimistic achievement level based on reasonable business, market, and economic assumptions and conditions. 
 The performance goal measures and plan design were intended to appropriately motivate and reward the Bank s senior executive officers based on the total achievement of all goals, considering each senior executive officer s role in the Bank s performance. Setting the performance goal measure ranges based on a percentage of base salary for 2022 is intended to be consistent with our Executive Compensation Philosophy of evaluating total remuneration 
 164 

Table of Contents 

 around the median 50 th percentile of the total remuneration in the financial services marketplace from which the Bank recruits executive talent. 
 The total incentive awards under the EIP, i.e., the Annual Awards, are determined by multiplying the percentage of achievement for each goal by the respective performance goal weights to arrive at each participating officer's total weighted achievement level. Each participating officer's total weighted achievement level is then used to determine each participating officer's cash incentive compensation award under the EIP. 
 The following table shows the total incentive award levels for the Annual Awards and the allocation of the Annual Award opportunities between the Year-End Awards and the Deferred Awards for 2022 under the EIP for the eligible senior executive officers. 
 Total Annual Award as of Base Salary Year-End Award as of Base Salary Deferred Award as of Base Salary Title Minimum Meets Maximum Minimum Meets Maximum Minimum Meets Maximum CEO 50.0 80.0 100.0 25.0 40.0 50.0 25.0 40.0 50.0 EVP/SVP 40.0 65.0 85.0 20.0 32.5 42.5 20.0 32.5 42.5 
 Fifty percent (50 of the Annual Award, i.e., the Year-End Award, will become vested on the last day of the Annual Performance Period (as mentioned above), and the remaining fifty percent (50 of the Annual Award that is treated as the Deferred Award will become vested on the last day of the Deferral Performance Period, provided that the Board determines that the performance goals for the Annual Award are achieved and the qualifiers for the Annual Performance Period are satisfied and, with respect to the Deferred Award only, that the qualifiers for the Deferral Performance Period are satisfied. 
 Vesting of any award is subject to the participant receiving a satisfactory performance rating and being actively employed on the last day of the relevant performance period, except in certain cases, such as termination because of death or disability, retirement, reduction in force, department reorganization, substantial job modification, or termination for Good Reason or without Cause, and subject to certain conditions being met. In the case of termination of employment because of death or disability, the EIP provides that a Deferred Award will be treated as fully vested as of the date of termination and the relevant pro rata portion of the Annual Award will be treated as vested for that portion of the relevant performance period based on the assumption that the Bank would have achieved the applicable performance goals at the target level and satisfied the qualifiers for the relevant performance period. In all such other cases of termination of employment (referenced above), and subject to certain conditions being met, the EIP provides that a Deferred Award will be treated as fully vested as of the date of termination of employment and the relevant pro rata portion of the Annual Award will be treated as vested for that portion of the relevant performance period to the extent the Board determined that the applicable performance goals are achieved and the qualifiers are satisfied. 
 If a Change in Control (as defined in the EIP) occurs prior to the date of vesting of an award, then an Annual Award will be paid on a pro rata basis based on the assumption the Bank would have achieved the applicable performance goals at the target level and satisfied the qualifiers for the relevant performance period, while any Deferred Award will be treated as vested effective as of the date of the Change in Control. 
 The following are the performance qualifiers for 2022 for any awards under the EIP: (i) no submission of material information to a regulatory or a reporting agency is significantly past due; (ii) the Bank makes sufficient progress, as determined by the Board, in the timely remediation of significant examination, monitoring, and other supervisory findings; (iii) no material risk management deficiency exists at the Bank; (iv) no operational errors or omissions result in material revisions to the financial results, information submitted to the Finance Agency, or data used to determine incentive payouts; and (v) the Bank has sufficient capital to pay dividends and the ability to repurchase or redeem capital stock. 
 165 

Table of Contents 

 The EIP provides that awards may be reduced, eliminated, or forfeited in certain circumstances. Under the EIP, the Board may reduce or eliminate any award not yet paid if the Board finds that a serious, material safety and soundness issue or a serious, material risk management deficiency exists at the Bank, or if: (i) errors or omissions result in material revisions to the Bank s financial results, information submitted to a regulatory or a reporting agency, or information used to determine incentive compensation payouts; (ii) information submitted to a regulatory or a reporting agency is untimely; or, (iii) the Bank does not make appropriate progress, as determined by the Board, in the timely remediation of examination, monitoring, or other supervisory findings and matters requiring attention. 
 In addition, if the Bank realizes actual losses during the Deferral Performance Period, or other measures or aspects of performance related to the annual Performance Period or Deferral Performance Period are realized that would have caused a reduction in the amount of the final award (i.e., the amount of the earned and vested Annual Award and Deferred Award) calculated for the Annual Performance Period or Deferral Performance Period, then the remaining amount of the final award to be paid at the end of the Deferral Performance Period may be reduced to reflect this additional information. Furthermore, if a participant breaches the terms of a non-solicitation and non-disclosure agreement with the Bank executed as a condition to participating in the EIP, all the participant s unpaid vested and unvested awards may be forfeited. 
 Finally, if during the most recent examination of the Bank by the Finance Agency, the Finance Agency identifies an unsafe or unsound practice or condition that is material to the financial operation of the Bank within the participant s area(s) of responsibility, and such unsafe or unsound practice or condition is not subsequently resolved to the satisfaction of the Board, then all or a portion of a participant s unpaid award (vested and unvested) may be forfeited as determined in the sole discretion of the Board. Any future payments for a vested award will cease, and the Bank will have no further obligation to make such payments. 
 The amount of any award will be determined at the sole discretion of the Board. If the qualifiers are satisfied, an annual compounding interest rate of 6 is applied to any Deferred Awards. Awards, if any, under the EIP are to be paid in accordance with the terms of the EIP following Board approval and completion of any required regulatory review. The EIP for 2022 also includes a cap on the total incentive award payout for any particular year where the sum of the Year-End Award plus the Deferred Award vesting after three years and the interest earned on such Deferred Award does not exceed the senior executive officers base salary for that calendar year. 
 The amount of any earned and vested Annual Award or Deferred Award may be modified at the Board s discretion to account for performance that is not captured in the relevant performance goals and qualifiers. The Board, in its discretion, may also consider Extraordinary Occurrences when assessing performance results and determining any of the awards. Extraordinary Occurrences mean those events that, in the opinion and discretion of the Board, are outside the significant influence of the participant or the Bank and are likely to have a significant unanticipated effect, whether positive or negative, on the Bank s operating or financial results. The EIP for 2022 also provides that the Board may apply a multiplier to an individual s Annual Award to account for individual performance not captured in his or her individual performance goals, positive or negative, but not to result in an award level below Minimum or above Maximum. 
 For additional information regarding awards granted under the EIP for 2022, see the discussion in Compensation Tables Narrative to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Non-Equity Incentive Plan-Based Awards Table Non-Equity Incentive Compensation and Non-Equity Long-Term Incentive Payouts, which discussion is herein incorporated by reference. 
 Savings Plan 
 The Bank s Savings 401(k) Plan (Savings Plan) is a tax-qualified defined contribution 401(k) retirement benefit plan that is available to all eligible employees, including the named executive officers. Each eligible employee may contribute between 2 and 75 of base salary to the Savings Plan. For employees who have completed six months of service, the Bank matches the employee's contribution up to 6 of base salary. Employees are always fully vested in employer matching contributions. 
 166 

Table of Contents 

 For 2022, the maximum annual before-tax employee contribution to the Savings Plan was limited to 20,500 (or 27,000 for participants age 50 and over), and not more than 305,000 of an employee s annual compensation could be considered in computing the employee's benefits under the Savings Plan. 
 Cash Balance Plan and the Financial Institutions Retirement Fund 
 The Bank began offering benefits under the Cash Balance Plan on January 1, 1996. The Cash Balance Plan is a tax-qualified defined benefit plan that covers employees who have completed a minimum of six months of service, including the named executive officers. Each year, eligible employees accrue benefits equal to 6 of their total annual compensation (which includes base salary and short-term cash incentive compensation) plus interest equal to 6 of their account balances accrued through the prior year, referred to as the annual benefit component of the Cash Balance Plan. For 2022, the Internal Revenue Code (IRC) limited the amount of annual compensation that could be considered in calculating an employee's benefits under the Cash Balance Plan to 305,000. 
 The benefits under the Cash Balance Plan annual benefit component are fully vested after an employee completes three years of service. Vested amounts are generally payable in a lump sum or as an annuity when the employee leaves the Bank. 
 Prior to offering benefits under the Cash Balance Plan, the Bank participated in the Financial Institutions Retirement Fund (FIRF). The FIRF is a multiple-employer tax-qualified defined benefit pension plan. The Bank withdrew from the FIRF on December 31, 1995. 
 When the Bank withdrew from the FIRF, benefits earned under the FIRF as of December 31, 1995, were fully vested and the value of those benefits was then frozen. As of December 31, 1995, the FIRF calculated each participant's FIRF benefit based on the participant's then-highest three consecutive years' average pay multiplied by the participant's years of service multiplied by 2 , referred to as the frozen FIRF benefit. Upon retirement, participants will be eligible to receive their frozen FIRF benefits. 
 In addition, to preserve some of the value of the participant's frozen FIRF benefit, the Bank maintains the ratio of each participant's frozen FIRF age 65 annuity to the participant's highest three consecutive years' average pay as of December 31, 1995 (annuity ratio), which the Bank refers to as the net transition benefit component of the Cash Balance Plan. Upon retirement, each participant with a frozen FIRF benefit will receive a net transition benefit under the Cash Balance Plan that equals his or her highest three consecutive years' average pay at retirement multiplied by his or her annuity ratio minus the frozen FIRF benefit. 
 Benefit Equalization Plan 
 The Benefit Equalization Plan (BEP) is an unfunded and non-tax-qualified plan that is designed to restore retirement benefits lost under the Savings Plan and Cash Balance Plan because of compensation and benefits limitations imposed on the Savings Plan and the Cash Balance Plan under the IRC. 
 Annual compensation is determined based on the definition of compensation provided in the respective tax-qualified plans. Participation in the BEP is available to all employees, including the named executive officers, whose benefits under the tax-qualified plans are restricted because of the IRC limitations discussed above. 
 An employee's benefits that would have been credited under the Cash Balance Plan but for the limitations imposed on the plan under the IRC are credited as Supplemental Cash Balance Benefits under the BEP and the credits accrue interest at an annual rate of 6 until distributed. Each year, employees may also elect to defer compensation earned over the IRC compensation limits to the BEP. For each year that a participant makes deferrals to the BEP, if the amount of the Bank s matching contribution to a participant's account under the Savings Plan is limited because of the IRC compensation limitations, then the Bank will credit to the participant's BEP account an amount equal to the lost matching contribution (up to a maximum of 6 of base salary in the aggregate) under the Savings Plan (participant deferrals and Bank matching contributions are referred to herein as Supplemental BEP Savings 
 167 

Table of Contents 

 Benefits). The make-up benefits under the BEP vest according to the corresponding provisions of the Savings Plan and the Cash Balance Plan. 
 Effective January 1, 2005, in response to IRC Section 409A, the Bank froze the then-existing BEP (now referred to as the Original BEP) and implemented a new BEP conforming to IRC Section 409A and applicable notices and regulations, which changed the participant election process relating to the time and form of benefit payments (referred to herein as the New BEP). 
 Under the New BEP, a participant's Supplemental Cash Balance Benefits are payable in the form of a lump sum, single life annuity, 50 survivor annuity, or 75 survivor annuity upon termination of employment, a set date or age after termination of employment, becoming disabled after termination of employment, or death. Under the New BEP, a participant's Supplemental BEP Savings Benefits are payable in a lump sum or two to ten annual installments, and payments may commence at termination of employment, retirement, disability, death, or a specific date after termination of employment. In addition, a participant's elections with respect to the time and form of benefit payments are irrevocable unless the election is made 12 months prior to the scheduled distribution date and the new scheduled distribution date is delayed at least five years. If a participant does not elect the time or form of payment, his or her distribution will be a lump sum at termination of employment. 
 Under the Original BEP, a participant's Supplemental Cash Balance Benefits are paid in a single life annuity commencing at the later of age 65 or termination of employment, unless the participant elects an optional time and form of payment. The optional forms of payment are a lump sum, or any other optional form then permitted under the Cash Balance Plan. Under the Original BEP, a participant's Supplemental BEP Savings Benefits are payable in a lump sum or two to ten installments upon retirement, termination of employment, death, or a specific date after termination of employment. Also, a participant can change the time and form of payment for the Supplemental Cash Balance Benefit at any time, but if the election provides for payment prior to age 65, then payment will not be made until 12 months after the date the Bank receives the new written election unless the participant elects an immediate lump sum distribution subject to forfeiture of 10 of the lump sum payment. Similarly, a participant may elect at any time to change the payout schedule of one or more of the participant's Supplemental BEP Savings Benefit accounts, provided that no payments will be made according to the new election until 12 months after the date the Bank receives the new written election, unless the participant elects an immediate lump sum distribution subject to forfeiture of 10 of the lump sum payment. 
 Prior to 2020, participants were permitted to make up to five separate payout elections (a payout date and form of payment) with respect to the Supplemental BEP Savings Benefit under the Original BEP and under the New BEP. Beginning in 2020, participants are permitted each calendar year to elect a different time and form of distribution for deferrals made in that calendar year. 
 Notwithstanding a participant s election of a form of payment, the Bank may instead, in its sole discretion, pay a participant s entire account balance in a single lump sum payment, so long as the participant s account balance is less than the applicable dollar limit under IRC Section 402(g), which in 2022 is 20,500. Such payment is known as a limited cashout and applies to a participant s Supplemental Cash Balance Benefit and Supplemental BEP Savings Benefit, including excess contributions and matching contributions. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Our Deferred Compensation Plan (DCP) is an unfunded and non-tax-qualified deferred compensation plan, consisting of three components for employees: (1) employee deferral of current compensation; (2) make-up matching contributions that would have been made by the Bank under the Savings Plan had the base salary compensation not been deferred; and (3) make-up retirement benefits that would have been earned under the Cash Balance Plan had any amount of total annual compensation (base salary and short-term cash incentive compensation) not been deferred. See discussion in Compensation Tables Narrative to Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Table. 
 168 

Table of Contents 

 Prior to 2020, the DCP was available only to officers of the Bank, including the named executive officers. Beginning in 2020, the DCP was made available to all Bank employees. Directors are also able to defer their director fees under the DCP. The make-up benefits for employee participants under the DCP vest according to the corresponding provisions of the Savings Plan and the Cash Balance Plan. 
 Effective January 1, 2005, in response to IRC Section 409A, the Bank froze the then-existing DCP (now referred to as the Original DCP) and implemented a new DCP, conforming to IRC Section 409A, which changed the participant election process related to the time and form of benefit payments (referred to herein as the New DCP). 
 Under the New DCP, participants' make-up Cash Balance Plan benefits are payable in the form of a lump sum, single life annuity, 50 survivor annuity, or 75 survivor annuity upon termination of employment, a set date or age after termination of employment, becoming disabled after termination of employment, or death. If a participant does not elect a time or form of payment, the benefit is paid in a lump sum upon termination of employment. However, if the participant elects to receive his or her distribution at death and survives to the later of age 70 or termination of employment, the benefit is paid upon the later of the two events in the form of a lump sum. Only a single time and form of distribution may be elected with respect to both the make-up Cash Balance Plan benefits under the New DCP and the make-up Cash Balance Plan benefits under the New BEP. 
 A participant's deferred compensation and the Bank s make-up Savings Plan matching contributions credited under the New DCP (including earnings on such amounts) are payable in a lump sum or two to ten annual installments, and payments may commence at termination of employment, retirement, disability, death, or a specific date no earlier than one year from the end of the deferral period. Participant elections with respect to the time and form of Savings Plan-related benefit payments from the New DCP are irrevocable unless the election is made 12 months prior to the scheduled distribution date and the new scheduled distribution date is delayed at least five years. If a participant does not elect the time or form of payment, his or her distribution will be a lump sum at termination of employment. 
 For participant-deferred compensation and make-up Bank matching contributions credited under the Original DCP, a participant may elect at any time to change the payout schedule of one or more of the participant's accounts, provided that no payments will be made according to the new election until 12 months after the date the Bank receives the new written election, unless the participant elects an immediate lump sum distribution subject to forfeiture of 10 of the lump sum payment. 
 Prior to 2020, participants were permitted to make up to five separate payout elections (a payout date and form of payment) under each of the New DCP and the Original DCP for distribution of participant deferrals and Bank matching contribution credits. Beginning in 2020, participants are permitted each calendar year to elect a different time and form of distribution for deferrals made in that calendar year. 
 Notwithstanding a participant s election of a form of payment, the Bank may instead, in its sole discretion, pay a participant s entire account balance in a single lump sum payment, so long as the participant s account balance is less than the applicable dollar limit under IRC Section 402(g), which in 2022 is 20,500. Such payment is known as a limited cashout and applies to a participant s make-up Cash Balance Plan benefits, including participant deferrals and the Bank s contributions. 
 Under the Original DCP, participants' make-up Cash Balance Plan benefits are payable in the same form and at the same time as the participants' related benefits under the Cash Balance Plan. 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 Effective January 1, 2003, the Bank began providing a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP) to the Bank s eligible senior executive officers, including the named executive officers (other than Mr. Amato). This plan is an unfunded and non-tax-qualified retirement benefit plan that provides a cash balance-style benefit to the Bank s senior executive officers (including the named executive officers) that is in addition to the tax-qualified benefits under the Cash Balance Plan. 
 169 

Table of Contents 

 The SERP supplements the Cash Balance Plan benefits to provide a competitive postretirement compensation package that is intended to help the Bank attract and retain key senior executive officers who are critical to the success of the Bank. 
 Benefits under the SERP are based on total annual compensation (base salary and short-term cash incentive compensation, including any deferrals under the Savings Plan, BEP, or DCP) and years of credited service as presented in the table below. 
 Years of Credited Service (As Defined in the Plan) Amount of Contribution for President (Percentage of Total Annual Compensation) Amount of Contribution for Other Participants (Percentage of Total Annual Compensation) Fewer than 5 25 20 5 or more 35 25 
 Participants accrue annual interest equal to 6 of balances accrued through the prior yearend. In addition, SERP benefits are limited to the extent that any participant's total retirement income exceeds fifty percent (50 of the participant's final average pay. Final average pay is defined as a participant's highest average annual compensation during any three consecutive years during which he or she is a participant in the SERP. Annual benefits accrued under the SERP for any plan year commencing after January 1, 2018, will vest at the earlier of five years of employment with the Bank from the date the senior executive officer became a participant in the SERP, or when the participant reaches age 62. 
 The normal form and time of payment of benefits under the SERP is a lump sum upon the earlier of termination of employment, disability, or death. Upon a timely election, a participant may elect optional forms of payment to commence after termination of employment as specified in the plan. 
 If a participant's employment is terminated for cause (as defined in the plan), only the unvested portion of the participant s SERP account would be forfeited. 
 The Bank s eligible senior executive officers, including the named executive officers (other than Mr. Amato), are participants in Schedule A and the president and chief executive officer is a participant in Schedule D. 
 Other Elements of Compensation 
 The Bank provides to all employees, including the named executive officers, health, dental, and vision insurance and an employee assistance program for the employees and their spouses/partners and children, for which the Bank pays approximately 80 of the premiums and the employee pays approximately 20 . In addition, the Bank provides long-term disability and basic life insurance coverage to all employees at no cost to the employees. 
 The Bank makes available limited retiree healthcare benefits for eligible employees who retire from the Bank. To be classified as a Bank retiree eligible to enroll for retiree healthcare benefits, a Bank employee must be 55 years of age with a minimum of 10 years of Bank service on the date that his or her employment with the Bank terminates. 
 Perquisites 
 On occasion, the Bank may pay for resort activities for employees, including our named executive officers, in connection with business-related meetings; and in some cases, the Bank may pay the expenses for spouses/partners accompanying employees to these meetings or other Bank-sponsored events. Perquisites are valued at the actual amounts paid to the provider of the perquisites. 
 170 

Table of Contents 

 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT 
 The Compensation and Human Resources Committee (Compensation Committee) acts as the compensation committee on behalf of the Bank s Board. In fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, the Compensation Committee reviewed and discussed with management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis set forth in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 Based on the Compensation Committee's review of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and the discussions the Compensation Committee has had with management, the Compensation Committee recommended to the Board that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this annual report on Form 10-K, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Compensation and Human Resources Committee 
 Matthew Hendricksen, Chair 
 Joan C. Opp, Vice Chair 
 Banafsheh Akhlaghi 
 Melinda Guzman 
 Kevin Murray 
 171 

Table of Contents 

 COMPENSATION TABLES 
 Summary Compensation Table (In whole dollars) 
 Name and Principal Position Year Salary Bonus 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive 
 Compensation (1) 
 Change in 
 Pension Value and 
 Non-Qualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation (\2) 
 All Other (3)(4) 
 Compensation 
 Total Teresa Bazemore (5) 
 2022 910,000 904,200 415,827 178,381 (6) 
 2,408,408 President and 2021 696,023 100,000 (7) 
 662,500 205,378 160,950 (8) 
 1,824,851 Chief Executive Officer Joseph Amato (9) 
 2022 500,000 177,418 (10) 
 421,800 49,204 30,368 1,178,790 Executive Vice President 2021 319,178 175,000 (11) 
 260,600 96,122 31,590 882,490 and Chief Financial Officer Greg Ward (12) 
 2022 485,000 448,044 (13) 
 (14) 
 32,494 965,538 Executive Vice President 2021 460,000 421,983 270,113 27,789 1,179,885 and Chief Risk Officer 2020 415,000 100,000 (15) 
 427,218 486,728 35,372 1,464,318 Anne Segrest McCulloch (16) 
 2022 476,649 112,500 (17) 
 400,700 160,413 104,386 (18) 
 1,254,648 Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer Tony Wong (19) 
 2022 417,000 343,400 29,708 27,874 817,982 Executive Vice President 2021 373,309 253,700 (20) 
 118,726 27,309 773,044 and Chief Banking Officer 
 (1) The amounts reflect the total Annual Awards under the EIPs for 2022, 2021 and 2020, as applicable, for services performed during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, respectively. Fifty percent (50 of the total Annual Awards are earned and vested after the last day of the one-year performance period, i.e., the Year-End Award. The remaining fifty percent (50 of the total Annual Awards are deferred for a three-year performance period, i.e., the Deferred Award. Any payout of the Deferred Awards under the EIPs is subject to the satisfaction of certain requirements and qualifiers, and completion of regulatory review. The amounts also reflect interest for any vested Deferred Awards under the EIPs. For the total Annual Award for 2022 under the EIP for 2022, see the discussion in Narrative to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Non-Equity Incentive Plan-Based Awards Table Non-Equity Incentive Compensation and Non-Equity Long-Term Incentive Payouts. 
 (2) Represents the aggregate change in actuarial present value of each of the named executive officers' accumulated benefits under the Bank s qualified and non-qualified defined benefit plans to the extent applicable (i.e., Cash Balance Plan; frozen FIRF; restored benefits under the Benefit Equalization Plan (BEP); make-up retirement benefits under the Deferred Compensation Plan (DCP); and Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan). There are no above-market or preferential earnings on the named executive officers' DCP accounts. 
 (3) Includes perquisites and premiums for disability and life insurance paid by the Bank. On occasion, the Bank pays for resort activities for employees in connection with Board meetings and other business-related meetings; and, in some cases, the Bank may pay the expenses for spouses accompanying employees to these meetings or other Bank-sponsored events. Perquisites are valued at the actual amounts paid to the provider of the perquisites. The value of some perquisites is not reasonably quantifiable but is known to be de minimis. 
 (4) Includes the Bank s matching contributions under the Savings Plan and the Bank s restored and make-up matching amounts credited under the BEP and DCP. 
 (5) Ms. Bazemore became president and chief executive officer effective March 15, 2021. 
 (6) Of this amount, 120,000 represents reimbursement of relocation costs to Ms. Bazemore. 
 (7) Represents payment of a sign-on payment in accordance with Ms. Bazemore s employment agreement. 
 (8) Of this amount, 112,903 represents reimbursement of relocation costs to Ms. Bazemore. 
 (9) Mr. Amato became the interim chief financial officer effective January 5, 2021, and the chief financial officer effective May 13, 2021. 
 (10) Represents a payment of a special award in recognition of his service as chief financial officer. 
 (11) Represents a payment of a special award in recognition of his service as interim chief financial officer. 
 (12) Mr. Ward, who previously served as chief audit executive, became chief risk officer in May 2019 and chief operating officer effective November 1, 2022. 
 (13) This amount represents an award earned by Mr. Ward in the amount of 336,900 under the Bank s EIP for 2022 as the Bank s chief risk officer, 75,300 under the EIP for 2022 as the Bank s chief operating officer, and 35,844 in interest for the Deferred Award under the EIP for 2018. 
 (14) In accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules, negative changes in pension value are not included in this table. The negative change in pension value for Mr. Ward is 70,498 . 
 (15) This amount represents a discretionary cash incentive compensation award. 
 (16) Ms. McCulloch became the chief legal officer effective November 18, 2021. 
 (17) Represents a payment of a sign-on payment. 
 (18) Of this amount, 75,924 represents reimbursement of relocation costs to Ms. McCulloch. 
 (19) Mr. Wong, who previously served as chief marketing officer and acting chief banking officer, was appointed chief banking officer in May 2021. 
 (20) In addition to the Annual Award under the EIP for 2021 prorated, the amount includes a prorated award earned by Mr. Wong in the amount of 42,600 under the Bank s Team Member Incentive Plan earned prior to Mr. Wong becoming eligible for the EIP for 2021 in May 2021. 
 172 

Table of Contents 

 Grants of Non-Equity Incentive Plan-Based Awards 
 (In whole dollars) Estimated Payout Ranges (1) 
 Name EIP for 2022 Plan Period Payout Date Threshold Target Maximum Teresa Bazemore Year-End Award 2022 February 2023 227,500 364,000 455,000 Deferred Award 2023-2025 February 2026 227,500 364,000 455,000 Joseph Amato Year-End Award 2022 February 2023 100,000 162,500 212,500 Deferred Award 2023-2025 February 2026 100,000 162,500 212,500 Greg Ward Year-End Award 2022 February 2023 97,000 157,650 206,150 Deferred Award 2023-2025 February 2026 97,000 157,650 206,150 Anne Segrest McCulloch Year-End Award 2022 February 2023 95,000 154,400 201,900 Deferred Award 2023-2025 February 2026 95,000 154,400 201,900 Tony Wong Year-End Award 2022 February 2023 83,400 135,550 177,250 Deferred Award 2023-2025 February 2026 83,400 135,550 177,250 
 (1) The estimated payouts for the Year-End Award and the Deferred Award each represent 50 of the total Annual Awards under the EIP for 2022 that could have been earned by the respective executive officers for 2022. Actual amounts of both the Year-End Award and Deferred Award under the EIP for 2022 for each named executive officer are included in the Summary Compensation Table. Any payout of the Deferred Awards under the EIP for 2022 is subject to the satisfaction of certain requirements and qualifiers, and completion of regulatory review. See the discussion in Compensation Discussion and Analysis Elements of our Executive Compensation Program Executive Incentive Plan. Mr. Ward s estimated payout ranges are prorated under the EIP for his service as the chief risk officer and as the chief operating officer. 
 Narrative to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Non-Equity Incentive Plan-Based Awards Table 
 At Will Employees 
 All employees of the Bank are at will employees, including the named executive officers. The named executive officers may resign at any time, and the Bank may terminate their employment at any time, for any reason or no reason, with or without cause and with or without notice, subject to contractual obligations, if any. 
 The 2022 annual base salaries as of December 31, 2022, for the 2022 named executive officers who served as of December 31, 2022, were as follows: Teresa Bryce Bazemore, 910,000; Joseph Amato, 500,000; Anne Segrest McCulloch, 475,000; Greg Ward, 530,000; and Tony Wong, 417,000. 
 Corporate Senior Officer Severance Policy . The Corporate Senior Officer Severance Policy (Senior Officers' Policy) is applicable to the executive vice presidents (other than Mr. Amato), and any senior vice president as of December 31, 2018, who are defined in the Senior Officers Policy as Corporate Senior Officer. The Senior Officers' Policy provides severance benefits if the employee's employment is terminated because the employee's job or position is eliminated or because the job or position is substantially modified so that the employee is no longer qualified or cannot perform the revised job. For these officers, severance under the Senior Officers' Policy is equal to the greater of (i) 12 weeks of the officer's base salary, or (ii) the sum of three weeks of the officer's base salary, plus three weeks of the officer's base salary for each full year of service and three weeks of base salary prorated for each partial year of service at the Bank to a maximum of 52 weeks of base salary. The Senior Officers' Policy also provides one month of continued health and life insurance benefits and, at the Bank s discretion, outplacement assistance. 
 The Senior Officers' Policy provides that in the event a Corporate Senior Officer is involuntarily terminated without Cause under certain circumstances or voluntarily terminated with Good Reason (as defined by the Senior Officers' Policy) in connection with a Change in Control, upon the Bank s timely receipt of a separation agreement and release, these executive officers will receive severance pay in a lump sum equal to one year of base salary. 
 In addition, under the Senior Officers' Policy, in the event of a qualifying termination in connection with a Change in Control, each Corporate Senior Officer will be entitled to continued health and life insurance coverage under the Bank s group health and life insurance policies, at the Bank s expense, for a period of 12 months immediately 
 173 

Table of Contents 

 following the effective date of separation. However, the Bank will immediately cease paying such premiums prior to the end of the 12-month period if the executive officer accepts employment with another employer that provides comparable benefits in terms of cost and scope of coverage during the 12-month period. If the Bank is not in compliance with any applicable regulatory capital or regulatory leverage requirement or if any of the payments required to be made to a Corporate Senior Officer pursuant to the Senior Officers' Policy would cause the Bank to fall below such applicable regulatory requirements, such payment will be delayed until the Bank achieves compliance with its regulatory capital requirements. 
 The Board believes that the level of severance benefits for each named executive officer who is a Senior Corporate Officer under the Senior Officers Policy is appropriate because it is reasonable to believe that finding a comparable position at another institution at a comparable compensation level could take up to one year, and possibly longer, depending on the economic environment at the time, and that the distraction of this uncertainty may have a detrimental impact on the executive's performance. If the employment of any of the 2022 named executive officers who are eligible under the Senior Officers Policy currently serving had been terminated on December 31, 2022, because the employee's job or position had been eliminated or because the job or position had been substantially modified so that the employee was no longer qualified or could not perform the revised job, the approximate value of the severance benefits payable to the executive (subject to Finance Agency regulatory review) applying the Senior Officers Policy would have been as follows: Anne Segrest McCulloch, 109,822; Greg Ward, 311,045; and Tony Wong, 417,329. 
 Employment Agreements and Arrangements 
 Bazemore Employment Agreement . The Bank entered into an employment agreement with Teresa Bryce Bazemore dated February 19, 2021, with an initial term of three years and one-year terms thereafter, unless terminated at any time by either the Bank or Ms. Bazemore. Under the terms of the agreement, Ms. Bazemore will initially receive a base annual salary of 875,000 and a sign-on payment of 100,000 paid in the following installments: 50,000 shall be paid 30 days from the start of her employment, and 50,000 shall be paid six months from the start of her employment, which installments are subject to clawbacks in certain circumstances. 
 The employment agreement provides for a severance payment equal to (i) two times her Salary (as defined in her employment agreement); and (ii) two times her Annual Incentive Amounts (as defined in her employment agreement) and continued benefits if Ms. Bazemore s employment is terminated under certain circumstances in connection with a Change in Control (as defined in her employment agreement) of the Bank. Had Ms. Bazemore s employment been terminated in connection with a Change in Control on December 31, 2022, the approximate value of the benefits payable to Ms. Bazemore would have been 2,277,354, excluding amounts of any outplacement services. 
 Ms. Bazemore will also be eligible to participate in the Bank s various executive incentive and employee benefit plans, including the Bank s Executive Incentive Plan (EIP) and Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP). Under Ms. Bazemore s employment agreement, the amount of Bank annual contribution credits under the SERP will be as follows: 25 of total annual compensation for less than 5 years of credited service and 35 of total annual compensation for 5 or more years of credited service. Under Ms. Bazemore s employment agreement, the Bank will provide reimbursement of her relocation costs up to 250,000. 
 The employment agreement also provides that if Ms. Bazemore s employment is terminated due to the expiration of the initial three-year term and the Board decided not to extend her employment for any additional term, Ms. Bazemore would be entitled to all Accrued Benefits (as defined in her employment agreement) and to receive a severance payment equal to twelve (12) months of base salary and a pro-rata portion of the EIP award for the year in which the termination occurs; and all Deferred Awards will be treated as fully vested (Severance Payment). 
 The employment agreement further provides that if Ms. Bazemore was terminated without Cause (as defined in her employment agreement) or if she terminated her employment for Good Reason (as defined in her employment agreement) at any time, Ms. Bazemore would be entitled to receive severance payments equal to the Severance Payment and all Accrued Benefits. Had Ms. Bazemore been terminated under these circumstances on December 31, 
 174 

Table of Contents 

 2022, the approximate value of the benefits, payable to Ms. Bazemore, excluding amounts of any Accrued Benefits, would have been 213,649. 
 Amato Employment Agreement . The Bank entered into an employment agreement with Joseph Amato dated October 7, 2020, for an initial term of six (6) months (Initial Term) and six (6) automatic extensions of one-month terms thereafter (each referred to as an Automatic One Month Extension Term). Mr. Amato s employment agreement provided that Mr. Amato receive a base annual salary of 500,000 and a sign-on payment of 50,000, which is subject to a repayment if Mr. Amato s employment is terminated for Cause or Without Good Reason (as defined in his employment agreement) during the term of his employment agreement. Additionally, Mr. Amato s employment agreement provided that he would be eligible for a fully discretionary Special Award of up to 300,000 to be received in two parts in recognition of his service as Interim CFO and based on his performance in connection with his duties and responsibilities as the Bank s principal financial officer. The first 50 of the Special Award 150,000) shall be paid at the end of the Initial Term and eligibility for up to the second 50 of the Special Award 150,000) shall accrue on a pro rata basis over the course of any subsequent Automatic One Month Extension Term. 
 The employment agreement also provided that Mr. Amato acknowledges and agrees that notwithstanding any terms to the contrary in the Bank s EIP, SERP, and Corporate Senior Officer Severance Policy, such plans and policy would not apply to him in connection with his employment under the employment contract; and the Special Award is in lieu of any and all payments or rights that might otherwise have been available to him under such plans and policy. 
 On July 7, 2021, the Bank entered into an amendment to Mr. Amato s employment agreement (Amendment No. 1) to extend the term of his employment to March 31, 2023, and, effective May 13, 2021, to serve as the Bank s chief financial officer (CFO) for the extended term (Second Term). In connection with the extension of Mr. Amato s term of employment, Mr. Amato served for one Automatic One Month Extension Term. Amendment No. 1 provides an option to mutually elect to extend his Second Term for another year, until March 31, 2024 (Mutual Extension). 
 Amendment No. 1 provides that Mr. Amato will be eligible for a second special award of up to 354,835 in recognition of his service as the Bank s CFO (Second Special Award). Unless Mr. Amato is terminated for Cause or resigns without Good Reason prior to March 31, 2022, he will be eligible for up to the first 50 of the Second Special Award 177,418), which shall accrue and, if approved by the Bank s President and Chief Executive Officer, will be paid as soon as administratively practicable following March 31, 2022. Eligibility for up to the second 50 of the Second Special Award 177,417) shall accrue and, if approved by the Bank s President and Chief Executive Officer, will be paid as soon as administratively practicable following March 31, 2023, unless Mr. Amato is terminated for Cause or resigns without Good Reason prior to such date. 
 Additionally, Amendment No. 1 provides that beginning with the Second Term, Mr. Amato will also be eligible to participate in the Bank s EIP. For the Second Term, Mr. Amato continues to acknowledge that the SERP and the Corporate Senior Officer Severance Policy will not apply to him during the Second Term or any Mutual Extension. 
 Amendment No. 1 also provides that, upon the expiration of the Second Term or any Mutual Extension, Mr. Amato shall be entitled to receive a severance payment equal to the EIP Annual Award (defined in the EIP to include both the short-term incentive component and the long-term incentive component) as set forth in the Bank s EIP, which will be treated as vested, on a pro rata basis for the performance period of the year when the expiration of his employment agreement occurs, and any Deferred Awards (as defined in the EIP) will be treated as fully vested, all of which is to be paid out as and when due in accordance with the EIP (Severance Payment). 
 On October 18, 2022, in accordance with the Mutual Extension, the Bank and Mr. Amato entered into an amendment to his employment agreement to mutually extend the term of his employment following the expiration of the Second Term to March 31, 2024 (Amendment No. 2). 
 Under the terms of Amendment No. 2, in recognition of Mr. Amato s extended service as the Bank s Executive Vice President and CFO, Mr. Amato will be eligible for a fully discretionary Third Special Award of up to an 
 175 

Table of Contents 

 amount equal to the actual foregone benefits under the Bank s SERP and Cash Balance Plan (and related Benefit Equalization Plan) for the 2020 to 2024 plan years reduced by any payments made under the Second Special Award (as defined in Amendment No. 1) and further reduced by any benefits under the Bank s Cash Balance Plan (and related Benefit Equalization Plan) that become fully vested in recognition of his service as CFO and based on his performance in connection with his duties and responsibilities as the Bank s principal financial officer. 
 If Mr. Amato s employment is terminated at any time by the Bank without Cause or if he terminates his employment for Good Reason, then Mr. Amato shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to his remaining salary, as well as all Accrued Benefits. In addition, Mr. Amato will be entitled to any earned but unpaid amount of the fully discretionary Second Special Award on a pro rata basis for the period up to the date the termination occurs and shall be entitled to receive the Severance Payment (but if Mr. Amato is otherwise entitled to any EIP Awards by operation of the EIP and receives such amount(s), then Mr. Amato would receive the greater of such EIP Awards or the EIP Awards calculated as Severance Payment, but in no event shall Mr. Amato receive both). Had Mr. Amato been terminated under these circumstances on December 31, 2022, the approximate value of the benefits, payable to Mr. Amato, excluding amounts of any Accrued Benefits, would have been 147,847. 
 Non-Equity Incentive Compensation and Non-Equity Long-Term Incentive Payouts 
 For 2022, Ms. Bazemore, as president and chief executive officer, was awarded an Annual Award under the EIP of 904,200. Ms. Bazemore s award was based on the Bank s 2022 overall achievement level of 148.0 , which comprised the following achievement levels for the Bank s four corporate goals: 150 for the Business and Financial goal;150 for the Risk Management goal; 140 for the Community Investment goal; and 150 for the DEI and People goal, along with her 2022 achievement level for her individual goal. 
 Based on the achievement levels for the Bank s four corporate goals and the achievement levels of the other 2022 named executive officers for their respective individual goals, the following Annual Awards under the EIP for 2022 were awarded: Joseph Amato, 421,800; Greg Ward, 412,200; Anne Segrest McCulloch, 400,700; and Tony Wong, 343,400. 
 The total Annual Award for each named executive officer represents the amount for their Year-End Award and the amount for their Deferred Award, each of which is fifty percent (50 of their Annual Award approved by the Board under the EIP for 2021. The payment of their Deferred Award is deferred for the three-year performance period and is subject to applicable requirements and qualifiers as described in Compensation Discussion and Analysis Elements of Our Executive Compensation Program Executive Incentive Plan, which discussion is herein incorporated by reference. 
 The following table shows the two components of the total Annual Awards for the named executive officers approved by the Board under the EIP for 2022. 
 (In whole dollars) EIP for 2022 
 Named Executive Officers Year-End Awards (1) 
 Deferred Awards (2) 
 Annual Awards Teresa Bazemore 452,100 452,100 904,200 Joseph Amato 210,900 210,900 421,800 Greg Ward (3) 
 206,100 206,100 412,200 Anne Segrest McCulloch 200,350 200,350 400,700 Tony Wong 171,700 171,700 343,400 Total 2,482,300 
 (1) The Year-End Award is 50 percent of the total Annual Award and is included in the Summary Compensation Table. 
 (2) The Deferred Award is 50 percent of the total Annual Award and remains subject to the satisfaction of applicable qualifiers and will not be paid until 2026. The Deferred Awards are also subject to modification and forfeiture under the terms of the EIP. 
 (3) The Annual Award under the EIP for 2022 for Mr. Ward represents the prorated amount under the EIP for his service as the chief risk officer and as the chief operating officer. 
 176 

Table of Contents 

 In reviewing the Bank s 2022 performance, the Board recognized the other named executive officers' management in addressing risk management, business, financial, operational efficiency, and regulatory challenges and issues, while achieving performance goals and objectives at a very high level. The Board recognized Ms. Bazemore s achievements and her efforts, in particular, with respect to her leading the Bank through a continued period of economic uncertainty and leadership transition. Additionally, in support of employee engagement, Ms. Bazemore led the Bank s workforce through a transition from being fully remote to participating in the Bank s hybrid work program. 
 With respect to the achievement level of the financial performance goal component of the Business and Financial goal for 2022, the full year AROC spread was 2.89 . 
 To support the achievement level for the operating efficiency goal component of the Business and Financial goal for 2022, full year operating expenses were 151 million, which was below the Bank s 2022 operating expense budget. 
 To support the achievement level of the member business goal component of the Business and Financial goal for 2022, which measured how well the Bank maintained and increased the volume of advances and letters of credit outstanding to members, the Bank s average daily balance for advances and letters of credit for 2022 was 51.5 billion and 17.0 billion, respectively, for a total of 68.5 billion. 
 For the accomplishments relating to the Business and Financial goal for 2022 discussed above, management received an overall achievement level of 150 . 
 To support the achievement level of the first goal component of the Risk Management goal for 2022, management successfully surpassed its Operational Risk Assessment plan objectives, developed a holistic process taxonomy for the Bank, completed a detailed mapping of risk and controls to various Information Technology industry standard frameworks/regulations, and formulated a Governance Risk and Compliance (GRC) platform roadmap outlining a glidepath to help identify operational synergies. 
 To support the achievement level of the second goal component of the Risk Management goal for 2022, which was intended to minimize cyber security exposure to Bank operations, management defined an active directory baseline based on leading industry guidance, identified and acquired tools and processes to implement configuration settings for active directory, and implemented the configuration settings for the active directory. 
 For the accomplishments relating to the Risk Management goal for 2022 discussed above, management received an overall achievement level of 150 . 
 For the first goal component of the Community Investment goal for 2022, the Bank executed an agreement with the Nevada Housing Coalition to administer the Voluntary Capacity Building Program, established a framework for the new Nevada AHP Target Fund (which includes technology, governance, and programmatic components) and obtained board approval to offer the Nevada Targeted Fund in 2023. 
 With respect to the second goal component of the Community Investment goal for 2022 to make advances and credit programs that promote and assist housing and community economic development activities available to members, the Bank met the target goal level in 2022. 
 For the third goal component of the Community Investment goal for 2022, as part of the Bank s Strategic Homeownership Initiative, fourteen (14) Bank members participated in the Bank s newly created matching grant homeownership counseling program focused on increasing sustainable home ownership. 
 For the accomplishments relating to the Community Investment goal for 2022 mentioned above, management received an overall achievement level of 140 . 
 The DEI and People goal for 2022 comprised of three components goals: (i) DEI Supplier Diversity; (ii) DEI Workplace Diversity; and (iii) Talent. 
 177 

Table of Contents 

 For the first DEI and People goal component, management worked with new and existing partners to identify diverse suppliers with the purpose of increasing addressable spend by providing additional opportunities to maintain or increase spend with people of color or diverse suppliers. As a result, the percentage of contracts where a diverse supplier was considered was 87 of the Bank s total vendor contracts. 
 To support the achievement level of the second DEI and People goal component, management increased participation from diverse employees in leadership development programs to 88 employees, a meaningful increase from 2021. 
 Under the third DEI and People goal component for 2022, management completed talent reviews for EVPs, SVPs, MDs, Senior Directors, and Directors, team calibrations, and Leadership Team composition in order identify key talent and build a diverse talent pipeline and succession planning. For the accomplishments relating to the DEI and People goal for 2022 mentioned above, management received an overall achievement level of 150 . 
 
 178 

Table of Contents 

 Pension Benefits Table 
 The following table provides the present value of accumulated retirement and pension-related benefits payable as of December 31, 2022, to each of the named executive officers upon the normal retirement age of 65 under the Bank s qualified and non-qualified defined benefit plans. 
 (In whole dollars) Name Plan Name Years of Credited Service Present Value of 
 Accumulated 
 Benefits (1) 
 Payments During Last Fiscal Year Teresa Bazemore Cash Balance Plan 1.250 31,244 Financial Institutions Retirement Fund N/A Benefit Equalization Plan 1.250 58,819 Deferred Compensation Plan 1.250 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (2) 
 1.750 531,142 Joseph Amato Cash Balance Plan 1.667 36,217 Financial Institutions Retirement Fund N/A Benefit Equalization Plan 1.667 28,266 Deferred Compensation Plan 1.667 7,620 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (3) 
 N/A Greg Ward Cash Balance Plan 8.667 203,058 Financial Institutions Retirement Fund N/A Benefit Equalization Plan 8.667 142,813 Deferred Compensation Plan 8.667 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (2) 
 6.000 994,665 Anne Segrest McCulloch Cash Balance Plan 0.583 10,570 Financial Institutions Retirement Fund N/A Benefit Equalization Plan 0.583 6,253 Deferred Compensation Plan 0.583 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (2) 
 1.083 154,982 Tony Wong Cash Balance Plan 27.250 771,646 Financial Institutions Retirement Fund 0.250 1,960 Benefit Equalization Plan 27.250 106,832 Deferred Compensation Plan 27.250 28,655 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (2) 
 1.667 235,660 
 (1) For purposes of this table, the present value of accumulated benefits as of December 31, 2022 (measured December 31, 2022) was calculated using a discount rate of 4.75 , which is consistent with the assumptions used in the Bank s financial statements. Actual benefit payments under each plan may differ based on the applicable discount rate under the terms of the relevant plan. The Bank withdrew from the FIRF, a multiple-employer tax-qualified defined benefit plan, on December 31, 1995. Prior to the Bank withdrawing from the FIRF, Mr. Wong was a participant in the plan. Amounts under the BEP and the DCP represent the present value of only the pension-related benefits accumulated for the named executive officer. 
 (2) For the purposes of this table, the years of credited service for the SERP represent the years of participation since the inception of the SERP in 2003 or the first year in which the participant initially became active in the SERP. For purposes of determining the amount of Bank contribution in the SERP table, the years of credited service are defined in the SERP. 
 (3) In accordance with Mr. Amato s employment agreement, the SERP will not apply to him while he is employed under his employment agreement. 
 179 

Table of Contents 

 Narrative to Pension Benefits Table 
 For information regarding the plans in the table, see the discussion in our Compensation Discussion and Analysis under Cash Balance Plan and the Financial Institutions Retirement Fund, Benefit Equalization Plan, Deferred Compensation Plan, and Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan. The valuation method and material assumptions used in quantifying the present value of the current accrued benefits in the table are consistent with the assumptions used in the Bank s financial statements. See the discussion in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 12 Employee Retirement Plans and Incentive Compensation Plans. 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Table 
 The following table reflects the non-qualified Deferred Compensation Plan balances as of December 31, 2022, for the named executive officers. 
 (In whole dollars) Name and Principal Position Last Fiscal Year Beginning of Year Balance 2022 Executive Contributions (1) 
 2022 Bank Contributions Aggregate Earnings/ (Losses) Aggregate (Withdrawals)/ Distributions Yearend 2022 Aggregate Balance Teresa Bazemore 2022 President and Chief Executive Officer Joseph Amato 2022 125 (5) 120 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Greg Ward 2022 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Anne Segrest McCulloch 2022 Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer Tony Wong 2022 141 (9) 132 Executive Vice President and Chief Banking Officer 
 (1) The 2022 executive contributions made by Mr. Amato and Mr. Wong are included in the Non-Equity Incentive Payment columns in the SCT. 
 Narrative to Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Table 
 The Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Table presents information about our DCP, which is designed to allow Bank officers to defer up to 100 of base salary and short- and long-term incentive cash compensation awards, as applicable. Directors may also participate in the DCP to defer up to 100 of their director fees. 
 The Bank s matching contribution under the Savings Plan is calculated based on an officer's base salary after deferring base salary compensation under the DCP. As a result, an officer who defers base salary compensation forgoes the Bank s matching contribution on the portion of compensation that is deferred. To compensate for this, the Bank makes a contribution credit to the officer's DCP balance to restore the benefit under the Savings Plan that would otherwise be lost as a result of deferring base salary compensation, and these make up matching contributions are also reflected in the table. 
 Participants may direct the investments of deferred amounts into core mutual funds or into a brokerage account. Participants may change these investment directions at any time. All investment earnings accumulate to the benefit of the participants on a tax-deferred basis. Brokerage fees relating to purchases and sales are charged against the 
 180 

Table of Contents 

 value of the participant's deferred balance in the plan. The Bank pays all set-up and annual account administration fees. 
 Income taxes are deferred until a participant receives payment of funds from the plan. Participants may elect payouts in a lump sum or over a payout period from 2 to 10 years. A participant may change any previously elected payment schedule by submitting a written election. Any written election to change the payment schedule must be made at least 12 months prior to the original payout date, and the new payout date, in most cases, must be at least 5 years from the original payout date. 
 
 181 

Table of Contents 

 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PAY RATIO 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the ratio of the Bank s chief executive officer s total compensation for 2022 to the Bank s median of the annual total compensation for 2022 of all our employees, except the chief executive officer (Median Employee) is 10.71 :1 . For total compensation for the Bank s chief executive officer and the Median Employee, the Bank used the same elements of compensation presented in the Summary Compensation Table and calculated total compensation in the same manner total compensation is calculated for the Summary Compensation Table for both employees. The calculation also included amounts attributable to change in pension value, which will vary among employees based upon their tenure at the Bank. For 2022, the total annualized compensation of the Median Employee was 224,913, and the total annualized compensation of the chief executive officer was 2,408,408. 
 The Bank identified the Median Employee by calculating the 2022 total compensation (using the same elements of compensation in the Summary Compensation Table and in the same manner total compensation is calculated for the Summary Compensation Table) for each of the employees who were employed by the Bank on December 31, 2022 and ranking the 2022 total compensation for all such employees (a list of 295 employees) from lowest to highest, excluding the chief executive officer. The employees in the calculation included all full-time and part-time employees, and the Bank annualized compensation for all such employees. 
 
 182 

Table of Contents 

 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 
 We provide our directors with compensation for the performance of their duties as members of the board of directors and for the amount of time spent on the Bank s business. 
 Director Compensation Table For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 (In whole dollars) Name of Directors serving during 2022 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Simone Lagomarsino (1) 
 150,000 F. Daniel Siciliano (2) 
 136,500 David Adame 123,000 Banafsheh Akhlaghi 123,000 Jeffrey K Ball 130,000 Marangal L. Domingo 130,000 Ana F. Fonseca (3) 
 62,064 Lori Gay 123,000 Melinda Guzman 130,000 Matthew Hendricksen 123,000 Shruti Miyashiro (4) 
 67,000 Kevin G. Murray 130,000 Joan C. Opp 132,500 Brian M. Riley 132,500 Scott C. Syphax (5) 
 132,500 Virginia A. Varela (5) 
 130,000 Total 1,955,064 
 (1) Ms. Lagomarsino served as Chair during 2022 and is serving as Chair for 2023. 
 (2) Mr. Siciliano served as Vice Chair during 2022 and is serving as Vice Chair for 2023. 
 (3) Ms. Fonseca began serving as a member of the Board effective July 28, 2022. 
 (4) Ms. Miyashiro resigned as a member of the Board effective June 30, 2022. 
 (5) Mr. Syphax and Ms. Varela s terms as members of the Board expired effective December 31, 2022. 
 On occasion, the Bank pays for resort activities for directors in connection with Board meetings and other business-related meetings, and, in some cases, the Bank may pay the expenses for spouses accompanying directors to these meetings or other Bank-sponsored events. The value of these perquisites is considered de minimis and not included in the table above. 
 The board of directors Compensation and Expense Reimbursement Policy for 2022 (2022 Directors Compensation Policy) provided the directors with compensation for the performance of their duties as members of the board of directors and the amount of time spent on official Bank business, as set forth below. 
 183 

Table of Contents 

 (In whole dollars) Position Maximum Annual Service Fee Maximum Annual Meeting Fees Total Maximum Annual Compensation Chair 95,000 55,000 150,000 Vice Chair 81,500 55,000 136,500 Audit, Compensation and HR, and Risk Committee Chairs 77,500 55,000 132,500 All Other Committee Chairs 75,000 55,000 130,000 Other Directors 68,000 55,000 123,000 
 Under the 2022 Directors Compensation Policy, service fees for the above positions were paid for serving as a director during and between regularly scheduled meetings of the board of directors. The maximum annual service fee was prorated and paid with the meeting fee, if applicable, at the conclusion of each two-month service period on the board of directors (month end February, April, June, August, October, and December). In addition, each director received a fee of 11,000 for attending any portion of five of the six regularly scheduled two-day board of director meetings, subject to the annual maximum of 55,000. 
 The 2022 Directors Compensation Policy provided that a director could receive a meeting fee for participation in one regularly scheduled Board meeting by telephone. No other fee was paid for participation in meetings of the board of directors or committees by telephone or participation in other Bank or FHLBank System activities. The president of the Bank was authorized to interpret the 2022 Directors Compensation Policy, as necessary, according to applicable statutory, regulatory, and policy limits. For 2022, the Board permitted optional meeting attendance by video conferencing in lieu of in-person meeting attendance. 
 Under the 2022 Directors Compensation Policy, the final prorated service fee was to be withheld if a director did not attend at least 75 of all regular and special meetings of the board of directors and the director's assigned committees for the year, or if the board of directors determined a director had consistently demonstrated a lack of engagement and participation in meetings attended. In addition, the meeting fee attendance requirement provided that a director would receive a meeting fee only if he or she attended the regular board of director meeting, as well as at least one assigned committee meeting during the board of directors regularly scheduled two-day meetings. 
 Under the 2022 Directors Compensation Policy, the Bank reimbursed directors for necessary and reasonable travel, subsistence, and other related expenses incurred in connection with the performance of their official duties, which may have included participation in meetings or activities for which no fee was paid. 
 For expense reimbursement purposes, directors' official duties included: 
 Meetings of the board of directors and board committees, 
 Meetings requested by the Finance Agency and FHLBank System committees, 
 Meetings of the Council of FHLBanks and its committees, 
 Meetings of the Bank s Affordable Housing Advisory Council, 
 Events attended on behalf of the Bank when requested by the president in consultation with the chair, 
 Other events attended on behalf of the Bank with the prior approval of the chair, 
 Director education events attended that are consistent with the Bank s Director Education Guidelines, and with the prior approval of the chair (and in the case of the chair, the chair of the Governance Committee), and 
 National Association of Corporate Directors Annual Meeting. 
 The 2022 Directors Compensation Policy also provides that directors may receive up to an additional 1,500 in compensation in the form of expense reimbursement for meals and travel for a spouse or significant other. The 2022 Directors Compensation Policy also provides that directors are provided the opportunity to participate in the Bank s Charitable Contribution Matching Gift Program. 
 184 

Table of Contents 

 The Board adopted a board of directors Compensation and Expense Reimbursement Policy for 2023, which is substantially similar to the 2022 Directors Compensation Policy, with no increases in director fees for 2023. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The following table sets forth information about those stockholders that are beneficial owners of more than 5 of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco s outstanding capital stock, including mandatorily redeemable capital stock, as of February 28, 2023. 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares Held Percentage of Outstanding Shares Silicon Valley Bank 5,400,000 13.7 3003 Tasman Drive Santa Clara, CA 95054 First Republic Bank 5,298,839 13.4 111 Pine Street San Francisco, CA 94111 City National Bank 2,903,190 7.4 555 South Flower Street Los Angeles, CA 90071 Total 13,602,029 34.5 
 The following table sets forth information about those members (or their holding companies) with officers or directors serving as directors of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco as of February 28, 2023. 
 Director Name Name of Institution City State Number of Shares Held Percentage of Outstanding Shares Jeffrey K. Ball First Pacific Bank Whittier CA 15,445 Marangal (Marito) Domingo First Technology Federal Credit Union San Jose CA 1,289,668 3.3 Ana E. Fonseca Logix Federal Credit Union Valencia CA 307,260 0.8 Matthew Hendricksen Employers Insurance Company of Nevada Reno NV 8,370 Matthew Hendricksen Employers Assurance Company Reno NV 12,589 Matthew Hendricksen Employers Compensation Insurance Company Reno NV 17,795 Matthew Hendricksen Employers Preferred Insurance Company Reno NV 23,806 0.1 Matthew Hendricksen Cerity Insurance Company Reno NV 4,149 Simone Lagomarsino Luther Burbank Savings Santa Rosa CA 345,025 0.9 Chang M. Liu Cathay Bank Los Angeles CA 172,500 0.4 Joan C. Opp Stanford Federal Credit Union Palo Alto CA 162,000 0.4 Brian M. Riley Clearinghouse CDFI Lake Forest CA 23,322 0.1 Brian M. Riley Oxford Life Insurance Company Phoenix AZ 56,486 0.1 Total 2,438,415 6.1 
 
 185 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Capital stock ownership is a prerequisite to transacting any member business with the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco (Bank). The members, former members, and certain other nonmembers own all the capital stock of the Bank, the majority of the directors of the Bank are officers or directors of members, and the Bank conducts its advances and purchased mortgage loan business almost exclusively with members or member successors. The Bank extends credit in the ordinary course of business to members with officers or directors who serve as directors of the Bank and to members owning more than 5 of the Bank s capital stock (5 shareholders) on market terms that are no more favorable to them than the terms of comparable transactions with other members. In addition, the Bank may transact short-term investments, Federal funds sold, and mortgage-backed securities (MBS) with members and their affiliates that have officers or directors who serve as directors of the Bank or with 5 shareholders. All investments are market rate transactions, and all MBS are purchased through securities brokers or dealers. The Bank may also be the primary obligor on debt issued in the form of Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLBank) System consolidated obligations using underwriters and dealers, and may enter into interest rate exchange agreements with counterparties, that may be affiliates of Bank members with officers or directors who serve as directors of the Bank or affiliates of members and nonmembers owning more than 5 of the Bank s capital stock, which are transactions in the ordinary course of the Bank s business and are market rate transactions. 
 The FHLBank Act requires the Bank to establish an Affordable Housing Program (AHP). The Bank provides subsidies to members, which use the funds to assist in the purchase, construction, or rehabilitation of housing for households earning up to 80 of the median income for the area in which they live. Subsidies may be in the form of direct grants or below-market interest rate advances. Only Bank members, along with their nonmember AHP project sponsors, may submit AHP applications. All AHP subsidies are made in the ordinary course of business. 
 The FHLBank Act also requires the Bank to establish a Community Investment Program and authorizes the Bank to offer additional Community Investment Cash Advance (CICA) programs. Under these programs, the Bank provides subsidies in the form of grants and below-market interest rate advances or standby letters of credit to members for community lending and economic development projects. Only Bank members may submit applications for these credit program subsidies. All CICA subsidies are made in the ordinary course of business. 
 In instances where an AHP or CICA transaction involves a member that owns more than 5 of the Bank s capital stock (or an affiliate of such a member), a member with an officer or director who is a director of the Bank, or an entity with an executive officer, director, controlling shareholder, or general partner who serves as a director of the Bank (and that has a direct or indirect interest in the subsidy), the transaction is subject to the same eligibility and other program criteria and requirements as all other comparable transactions and to the regulations governing the operations of the relevant program. 
 The Bank may also use members that have officers or directors who serve as directors of the Bank or 5 shareholders or their affiliates as securities custodians and derivative dealer counterparties. These financial relationships are conducted in the ordinary course of business on terms and conditions similar to those that would be available for comparable services if provided by unaffiliated entities. 
 The Bank does not have a written policy to have the board of directors (Board) review, approve, or ratify transactions with members that are outside the ordinary course of business because such transactions rarely occur. However, it has been the Bank s practice to report to the Board all transactions between the Bank and its members that are outside the ordinary course of business, and, on a case-by-case basis, seek Board approval or ratification. 
 186 

Table of Contents 

 Director Independence 
 General 
 Under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Bank is required to identify directors who are independent, and members of the Board s Audit Committee and Compensation and Human Resources Committee and any committee performing similar functions to a nominating committee who are not independent, using the independence definition of a national securities exchange or automated quotation system. The Bank s capital stock is not listed on a national securities exchange or automated quotation system, and the Bank s board of directors is not subject to the independence requirement of any such exchange or automated quotation system. The Bank is subject to the independence standards for directors serving on the Audit Committee set forth in the rules of the Federal Housing Finance Agency (Finance Agency), and looks to the Finance Agency s independence standards to determine independence for all directors, whether or not they serve on the Audit Committee. In addition, for purposes of compliance with the SEC s disclosure rules only, the Board has evaluated director independence using the definition of independence articulated in the rules of the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations (NASDAQ). 
 In addition to the independence rules and standards above, the FHLBanks are required to comply with the rules issued by the SEC under Section 10A(m) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which includes a substantive independence rule prohibiting a director from being a member of the Audit Committee if he or she, other than in his or her capacity as a member of the Audit Committee, the Bank s board of directors, or any other Board committee, accepts any consulting, advisory, or other compensatory fee from the Bank or is an affiliated person of the Bank as defined by the SEC rules (the person controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the Bank). 
 Director Independence under the Finance Agency Regulations 
 The Finance Agency director independence rule provides that a director is sufficiently independent to serve as a member of the Audit Committee if that director does not have a disqualifying relationship with the Bank or its management that would interfere with the exercise of that director s independent judgment. Disqualifying relationships under the Finance Agency s independence standards include, but are not limited to: (i) employment with the Bank at any time during the last five years; (ii) acceptance of compensation from the Bank other than for service as a director; (iii) being a consultant, advisor, promoter, underwriter, or legal counsel for the Bank at any time within the last five years; or (iv) being an immediate family member of an individual who is or who has been a Bank executive officer within the past five years. 
 Although the Finance Agency s independence standard only applies by regulation to members of the Audit Committee, the Bank s Board looks to this standard for purposes of determining independence of all Bank directors. 
 The independence standard imposed on the Audit Committee under the Finance Agency regulations takes into account the fact that the Bank was created by Congress; the Bank has a cooperative ownership structure; the Bank is statutorily required to have member directors who are either an officer or director of a Bank member; the Bank was created to provide its members with products and services; and the Bank s board of directors is statutorily required to administer the affairs of the Bank fairly and impartially and without discrimination in favor of or against any member borrower. The Finance Agency s independence standards do not include as a disqualifying relationship any business relationships between a director s member institution and the Bank. Consistent with the rule, the Bank s Board does not believe that the statutorily prescribed business relationships between a director s member institution and the Bank interfere with the director s exercise of his or her independent judgment. The national securities exchanges independence definitions, including those of the NASDAQ, do not generally take into account the cooperative nature of the Bank. Accordingly, the Bank s Board believes that the appropriate standard for measuring director independence is the Finance Agency s independence standards. 
 Applying the Finance Agency independence standards, the Board has determined that all directors who served in 2022 were, and all current directors are, independent. 
 187 

Table of Contents 

 Director Independence under the NASDAQ Rules 
 For purposes of compliance with the SEC s disclosure rules only, the Board has evaluated director independence using the definition of independence articulated in the NASDAQ rules. The NASDAQ standard requires the Board to make an affirmative determination that the director does not have a relationship with the Bank that would impair his or her independence. Independent director under the NASDAQ rules means a person other than an executive officer or employee of the company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. 
 In addition, the NASDAQ rules set forth seven relationships that automatically preclude a determination of director independence. Among other things, a director is not considered to be independent if the director is, or has a family member who is, a partner in, or a controlling shareholder or an executive officer of, any organization to which the Bank made, or from which the Bank received, payments for property or services in the current or any of the past three fiscal years that exceed 5 of the recipient s consolidated gross revenues for that year, or 200,000 (the payment and revenue relationship test), whichever is more. 
 Using the NASDAQ rules, the Board affirmatively determined that in its opinion Mr. Adame, Ms. Akhlaghi, Ms. Gay, Ms. Guzman, Mr. Siciliano, and Mr. Trujillo, who are current nonmember directors and are not employed by and do not serve as a director of any member institution, are independent and, to the extent they served as nonmember directors in 2022, were independent in 2022 under the NASDAQ rules because they have no relationship with the Bank that would interfere with their exercise of independent judgment in carrying out their responsibilities. Using the NASDAQ rules, the following former non-member director who served in 2022 was considered independent by the Board because he had no relationship with the Bank that would interfere with his exercise of independent judgment in carrying out his responsibilities as a director: Mr. Syphax. 
 Using the NASDAQ rules, the Board affirmatively determined that in its opinion the following current member directors are independent and, to the extent they served as member directors in 2022, were independent in 2022 under the NASDAQ rules because they have no relationship with the Bank that would interfere with their exercise of independent judgment in carrying out their responsibilities as directors: Mr. Ball, Ms. Fonseca, Mr. Hendricksen, Ms. Lagomarsino, Mr. Liu, Ms. Opp, and Mr. Riley. Using the NASDAQ rules, the following former member directors who served in 2022 were considered independent by the Board because they had no relationship with the Bank that would interfere with their exercise of independent judgment in carrying out their responsibilities as directors: Ms. Miyashiro and Ms. Varela. 
 In making these determinations, the Board recognized that during their directorships the member directors were employed by or served as a director of a member institution that may have conducted business with the Bank in the ordinary course of the Bank s and the member institution s respective businesses. The Board determined that these ordinary course customer relationships with the member institutions that had or have member directors on the Board would not interfere with the member directors exercise of independent judgment or their independence from management under the NASDAQ rules. This determination is based on the fact that the Bank was created by Congress, the Bank has a cooperative ownership structure, the Bank is statutorily required to have member directors who are either an officer or director of a Bank member, the Bank was created to provide its members with products and services, and the Board is statutorily required to administer the affairs of the Bank fairly and impartially and without discrimination in favor of or against any member borrower. 
 Audit Committee Independence 
 The Board has an Audit Committee. Under the Finance Agency s independence standards and NASDAQ rules, all Audit Committee members who served in 2022 were independent and all current Audit Committee members are independent. 
 All Audit Committee members who served in 2022 and all current Audit Committee members met the substantive independence rules under Section 10A(m) of the 1934 Act. 
 188 

Table of Contents 

 Compensation and Human Resources Committee Independence 
 The Board has a Compensation and Human Resources Committee. Using the Finance Agency s director independence standards, all Compensation and Human Resources Committee members who served in 2022 were independent, and all current Compensation and Human Resources Committee members are independent. 
 Under the NASDAQ rules, to be considered an independent compensation committee member, a director must meet the definition under the general NASDAQ independence rules, and the board of directors must affirmatively determine the independence of any director who will serve on the company s compensation committee and must consider all factors specifically relevant to determining whether such a director has a relationship to the company that is material to that director s ability to be independent from management in connection with the duties of a compensation committee member. Relevant factors must include the source of compensation of directors, including any consulting, advisory, or other compensatory fee paid by the company to the directors and whether the director is affiliated with the company. 
 Using the NASDAQ rules, the following director who served on the Compensation and Human Resources Committee in 2022 was not considered independent because his member institution exceeded the limits of the payment and revenue relationship test in 2021: Mr. Domingo. Using the NASDAQ rules, the following director who is serving on the Compensation and Human Resources Committee in 2023 is not considered independent because his organization exceeded the limits of the payment and revenue relationship test in 2020: Mr. Murray. 
 Governance Committee 
 The Board has a Governance Committee that performs certain functions that are similar to those of a nominating committee with respect to the nomination of nonmember independent directors. Using the Finance Agency s director independence standards, all Governance Committee members who served in 2022 were independent and all current Governance Committee members are independent. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed to the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco (Bank) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, by its external accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 Audit fees 1.4 1.3 All other fees Total 1.4 1.3 
 Audit Fees. Audit fees during 2022 and 2021 were for professional services rendered in connection with the audits of the Bank s annual financial statements, the review of the Bank s quarterly financial statements included in each Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and the audit of the Bank s internal control over financial reporting. 
 All Other Fees. All other fees for 2022 and 2021 were for consulting and advisory services. The Bank is exempt from all federal, state, and local taxation, and no tax consulting fees were paid during 2022 and 2021. 
 Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy 
 In accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and regulations implementing the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (SEC rules), all audit, audit-related, and non-audit services proposed to be performed by the Bank s independent auditor must be pre-approved by the Audit Committee to ensure that they do not impair the auditor s independence. The SEC rules require that proposed services either be specifically pre-approved on a case-by-case basis (specific pre-approval services) or be pre-approved without case-by-case review under policies and procedures established by the Audit Committee that are detailed as to the particular service and do not delegate Audit Committee responsibilities to management (general pre-approval services). 
 189 

Table of Contents 

 The Bank s Audit Committee has adopted a policy, the Independent Auditor Services Pre-Approval Policy (Policy), setting forth the procedures and conditions pursuant to which services proposed to be performed by the Bank s independent auditor may be approved. Under the Policy, unless services to be provided by the independent auditor have received general pre-approval, they require specific pre-approval by the Audit Committee. Any proposed services exceeding the pre-approved maximum fee amounts set forth in the appendices to the Policy will also require specific pre-approval by the Audit Committee. 
 The Policy is designed to be detailed as to the particular services that may be provided by the independent auditor and to provide for the Audit Committee to be informed of each service provided by the independent auditor. The Policy is also intended to ensure that the Audit Committee does not delegate to management its responsibilities in connection with the approval of services to be provided by the independent auditor. 
 For both specific pre-approval and general pre-approval of services, the Audit Committee considers whether the proposed services are consistent with the SEC rules on auditor independence and whether the provision of the services by the independent auditor would impair the independent auditor s independence. The Audit Committee also considers (i) whether the independent auditor is positioned to provide effective and efficient services, given its familiarity with the Bank s business, management, culture, accounting systems, risk profile, and other factors, and (ii) whether having the independent auditor provide the service may enhance the Bank s ability to manage or control risk or improve audit quality. The Audit Committee also considers the total amounts of fees for audit, audit-related, and non-audit services for a given calendar year in deciding whether to pre-approve any such services and may choose to determine, for a particular calendar year, the appropriate ratio between the total amount of fees for audit and audit-related services and the total amount of fees for permissible non-audit services. 
 The Audit Committee annually reviews and pre-approves the services that may be provided by the independent auditor during a given calendar year without specific pre-approval from the Audit Committee. 
 The Audit Committee has delegated to its chair and vice chair individually specific pre-approval authority for additional audit or audit-related services to be provided by the independent auditor, provided that the estimated fee for each type of proposed service does not exceed 50,000 and the total aggregated fees for all services pre-approved by each individual under this delegated authority do not exceed 100,000 in a calendar year. The chair or vice chair, as the case may be, is required to report to the Audit Committee any services pre-approved under the delegated authority. 
 In 2022 and 2021, 100 of the audit-related fees and all other fees were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 

190 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) (1) Financial Statements 
 The financial statements included as part of this Form 10-K are identified in the Index to Audited Financial Statements appearing in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K. 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are either not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 
 (b) Exhibits 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 
 Organization Certificate and resolutions relating to the organization of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Bank's Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 30, 2005 (Commission File No. 000-51398) 3.2 
 Bylaws of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco, as amended and restated on January 25, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Bank s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 4, 2022 (Commission File No. 000-51398) 4.1 
 Description of Registered Securities 4.2 
 Capital Plan, as amended and restated effective December 14, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Bank s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 12, 2021 (Commission File No. 000-51398) 10.1 
 Summary Sheet: Terms of Employment for Named Executive Officers for 2023 10.2 
 Form of Director Indemnification Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Bank s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 10, 2017 (Commission File No. 000-51398) 10.3 
 Form of Director Indemnification Agreement, effective November 5, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Bank s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2019 (Commission File No. 000-51398) 10.4 
 Form of Director Indemnification Agreement, effective May 15, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Bank s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 7, 2021 (Commission File No. 000-51398) 10.5 
 Form of Director Indemnification Agreement, effective July 28, 2022 10. 6 
 Form of Senior Officer Indemnification Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Bank s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 10, 2017 (Commission File No. 000-51398) 10. 7 
 Form of Senior Officer Indemnification Agreement, effective June 9, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Bank s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 7, 2021 (Commission File No. 000-51398) 10.8 
 Employment Agreement by and among the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco and Joseph E. Amato, dated October 7, 2020, as amended, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Bank's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 24, 2022 (Commission File No. 000-51398) 
 10.9 
 Employment Agreement by and among the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco and Teresa Bryce Bazemore, dated February 19, 2021, as amended, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Bank's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 23, 2021 (Commission File No. 000-51398) 10.10 
 Board Resolution for 2023 Board of Directors Compensation and Expense Reimbursement Policy 
 191 

Table of Contents 

 10.11 
 Executive Incentive Plan, as amended and restated March 29, 2019; Appendices I-III, as approved December 23, 2016; Appendix IV, as approved December 1, 2017; Appendix V, as approved December 7, 2018; and Appendix VI, as approved January 31, 2020; Appendix VII, as approved May 28, 2021; and Appendix VIII, as approved December 10, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Bank s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 4, 2022 (Commission File No. 000-51398) 10.12 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, as amended and restated effective January 29, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Bank s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 12, 2021 (Commission File No. 000-51398) 10.13 
 Original Deferred Compensation Plan, as restated, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Bank's Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 30, 2005 (Commission File No. 000-51398) 10.14 
 Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Bank s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 6, 2020 (Commission File No. 000-51398) 10.15 
 Corporate Senior Officer Severance Policy, as amended and restated on July 30, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Bank s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 5, 2021 (Commission File No. 000-51398) 10.16 
 Amended and Restated Federal Home Loan Bank P I Funding and Contingency Plan Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2017, by and among the Office of Finance and each of the Federal Home Loan Banks, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Bank s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 10, 2017 (Commission File No. 000-51398) 10.17 
 Joint Capital Enhancement Agreement, as amended August 5, 2011, with the other 11 Federal Home Loan Banks, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Bank's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 5, 2011 (Commission File No. 000-51398) 31.1 
 Certification of the President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 
 Certification of the President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 99.1++ 
 Audit Committee Report 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - The cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 ++ The report contained in Exhibit 99.1 is being furnished and will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not applicable. 

192 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on March 10, 2023. 
 
 F EDERAL H OME L OAN B ANK OF S AN F RANCISCO 
 / S / T ERESA B. B AZEMORE 
 Teresa B. Bazemore President and Chief Executive Officer March 10, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on March 10, 2023. 
 
 / S / T ERESA B. B AZEMORE 
 Teresa B. Bazemore 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal executive officer) 
 / S / J OSEPH E. A MATO 
 Joseph E. Amato Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal financial officer) / S / K ITTY P AYNE 
 Kitty Payne Senior Vice President and Controller (Principal accounting officer) / S / S IMONE L AGOMARSINO 
 Simone Lagomarsino Chair of the Board of Directors / S / F. D ANIEL S ICILIANO 
 F. Daniel Siciliano Vice Chair of the Board of Directors / S / D AVID A DAME 
 David Adame Director / S / B ANAFSHEH A KHLAGHI 
 Banafsheh Akhlaghi Director / S / J EFFREY K. B ALL 
 Jeffrey K. Ball Director 
 193 

Table of Contents 

 / S / M ARANGAL I. D OMINGO 
 Marangal I. Domingo Director /S/ A NA E. F ONSECA 
 Ana E. Fonseca Director / S / L ORI R. G AY 
 Lori R. Gay Director / S / M ELINDA G UZMAN 
 Melinda Guzman Director / S / M ATTHEW H ENDRICKSEN 
 Matthew Hendricksen Director / S / C HANG M. L IU 
 Chang M. Liu Director / S / K EVIN M URRAY 
 Kevin Murray Director / S / J OAN C. O PP 
 Joan C. Opp Director / S / B RIAN M. R ILEY 
 Brian M. Riley Director / S / G ARY L. T RUJILLO 
 Gary L. Trujillo Director 
 194 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 q42022ex41descriptionofreg.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 4.1 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTERED SECURITIES 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco (Bank) has one class of securities, Class B stock, registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act). The Class B Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF CLASS B STOCK 
 
 The following description of the Bank s Class B Stock and the relevant provisions of the Bank s amended bylaws and amended capital plan are summaries and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Bank s organization certificate, amended bylaws and the Bank s Capital Plan. 
 
 General 
 
 The Class B Stock has a par value of 100 per share and is issued, redeemed, repurchased, and transferred only at its stated par value. Each issued and outstanding share of Class B Stock represents an undivided proportionate ownership interest in the retained earnings, paid-in surplus, undivided profits, and equity reserves of the Bank. The Bank may issue Class B Stock only in book-entry form. 
 
 Ownership and Transfer of Class B Stock 
 
 Class B Stock may be owned only by Bank members or, if required by the Bank in accordance with the Bank s Capital Plan, by a former member or a member s successor, and certain other nonmembers who have acquired advances from a former member. At the request of a member, the Bank may transfer a member s Excess Stock (which is defined in the Capital Plan as stock in excess of a member s minimum stock requirement) to another Bank member or to an institution that has been approved for membership. All transfers must be made at par value. No other transfers are permitted. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 The members are entitled to vote only in connection with the election of directors in accordance with the Federal Home Loan Bank Act (FHLB Act) and the Federal Housing Finance Agency (Finance Agency) regulations. Each member entitled to vote in a director election may cast for each open directorship in that member s state in that election, and in any nonmember independent director election, a number of votes equal to the number of shares that it was required to hold as of the prior December 31 (the record date), except that no member s votes may exceed the average of the number of shares required to be held by all members located in that state as of the record date. Excess Stock is not counted for purposes of voting or for determining the voting limit. A former member that was a member as of the record date is entitled to vote in the election of directors in accordance with the FHLB Act and Finance Agency regulations. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 All Class B Stock will share in any dividends without preference. Dividends may be paid in the form of cash or Class B Stock. Dividends will be paid to the holders of record during the time period for which the dividend is declared and will be computed on the amount of time during the relevant time period that the shares were outstanding. Dividends will be payable only from the current net earnings or previously retained earnings of the Bank, determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.1>
 3
 q42022ex101termsofemployme.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.1 

Summary Sheet Terms of Employment for Named Executive Officers for 2023 
 
 Employment Status 
 
 Pursuant to the Federal Home Loan Bank Act, the employees of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco (the Bank ), including the Bank's chief executive officer, the chief financial officer and other named executive officers as of December 31, 2022 (Teresa Bryce Bazemore, Gregory A. Ward, Joseph E. Amato, Anne Segrest McCulloch, and Anthony T. Wong (the named executive officers ), are at will employees. The named executive officers may resign at any time and the Bank may terminate their employment at any time for any reason or no reason, with or without cause and with or without notice. 
 
 Each of the named executive officers receives a base salary and is eligible to participate in the Bank's executive incentive compensation plans and comprehensive benefit programs, including both qualified and nonqualified retirement benefit plans. For 2023, the base salaries of the named executive officers are as follows Teresa Bryce Bazemore, 964,600 Gregory A. Ward, 530,000 Joseph Amato, 500,000, Anne Segrest McCulloch 498,750 and Anthony T. Wong, 437,000 1 . 
 
 On occasion, the Bank may pay for resort activities for employees, including our named executive officers, in connection with business-related meetings and in some cases, the Bank may pay the expenses for spouses partners accompanying employees to these meetings or other Bank-sponsored events. 
 
 The Board adopted the Corporate Senior Officer Severance Policy (Senior Officers' Policy) applicable to the president, each executive vice president (other than the chief financial officer), and any senior vice president as of December 31, 2018, defined in the Senior Officers Policy as Corporate Senior Officer . The Senior Officers' Policy provides severance benefits in the event that the employee's employment is terminated because the employee's job or position is eliminated or because the job or position is substantially modified so that the employee is no longer qualified or cannot perform the revised job. For these officers, severance under the Senior Officers' Policy is equal to the greater of (i) 12 weeks of the officer's base salary, or (ii) the sum of three weeks of the officer's base salary, plus three weeks of the officer's base salary for each full year of service and three weeks of base salary prorated for each partial year of service at the Bank to a maximum of 52 weeks of base salary. The Senior Officers' Policy also provides one month of continued health and life insurance benefits and, at the Bank's discretion, outplacement assistance. The Senior Officers' Policy also provides severance payments in connection with a Change in Control (as defined by the Senior Officers' Policy). 

1 Base salaries for named executive officers are subject to Federal Housing Finance Agency review and non- objection. 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.5>
 4
 q42022ex105formofdirectori.htm
 EX-10.5

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.5 

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 

THIS INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT, made and entered into as of this day day of Month , Year Agreement ), by and between the FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF SAN FRANCISCO, a body corporate existing by and under the laws of the United States Bank ), and Director Name Director ), 
 
 Whereas the Board of Directors of the Bank Board believes that it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Bank contractually to obligate itself to indemnify the directors of the Bank to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in order to induce persons of the highest quality to serve the Bank free from undue concern that they will not be so indemnified and 
 
 Whereas the Bank s bylaws provide that the Bank will follow Delaware law for the Bank s corporate governance and indemnification practices and procedures and 
 
 Whereas the Director is willing to serve as a director of the Bank on the condition that he or she be so indemnified as more fully set forth herein 
 
 Now Therefore , in consideration of the promises and the covenants in this Agreement, and intending to be legally bound, the Bank and the Director do hereby covenant and agree as follows 
 
 SECTION 1. Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement 
 
 (a) Agent shall mean any person who (i) is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Bank or (ii) is or was a director, officer, employee, member, manager, trustee or agent of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, agency, instrumentality or other enterprise (including any employee benefit plan) who is or was serving in such capacity at the request of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interest of the Bank (including, without limitation, any joint office, committee or council of the Federal Home Loan Banks, the Resolution Funding Corporation or any other instrumentality or agency of the United States government). 
 
 (b) Disinterested Director shall mean a director of the Bank who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is being sought by the Director. 
 
 (c) Expenses shall be broadly construed and shall include all direct and indirect costs (including, without limitation, attorneys fees and retainers, court costs, transcription costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, food and lodging expenses while traveling, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service, freight or other transportation fees and expenses, and reasonable compensation for time spent by the Director for which he or she is otherwise not compensated by the Bank or any third party) actually and reasonably incurred, in connection with the investigation, defense, settlement or appeal of a Proceeding or the establishment or enforcement of a right to indemnification under this Agreement, applicable law or otherwise provided, however, that Expenses shall not include any judgments, fines, Employee Retirement Income Security Act ERISA excise taxes or penalties, or amounts paid in settlement to the extent that applicable law prohibits indemnification against any amounts paid in respect thereof. 
 
 (d) Independent Counsel shall mean a law firm or a member of a law firm that neither is presently nor in the past three years has been retained to represent (i) the Bank or the Director in any matter material to either party, or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Bank or the Director in an action to determine the Director s right to indemnification under this Agreement. 

- 1 - 

(e) Liabilities shall mean liabilities of any type whatsoever, including, but not limited to, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties, and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments or other charges paid or payable in connection with any of the foregoing). 
 
 (f) Proceeding shall mean any threatened, pending or completed action, hearing, claim, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, administrative hearing or any other proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative and whether formal or informal, arising by reason of the fact that the Director is or was an Agent or by reason of anything done or not done by the Director in his or her capacity as an Agent. 
 
 SECTION 2. Service as a Director . The Director agrees to serve as a director of the Bank so long as he or she is duly appointed or elected and qualified in accordance with the applicable provisions of the charter and bylaws of the Bank and the Federal Home Loan Bank Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and until such time as the Director s term ends or the Director resigns or is removed from his or her position or is disqualified to continue in such position (subject to any other contractual obligation or other obligation imposed by operation of law), in which event the Bank shall have no obligation under this Agreement to continue the Director in any position. 
 
 SECTION 3. Indemnification . The Bank shall indemnify the Director to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and regulations and the charter and bylaws of the Bank in effect on the date hereof or as such laws, regulations, or charter and bylaws may from time to time be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent such amendment permits the Bank to provide broader indemnification rights than applicable laws and regulations or the charter or bylaws of the Bank permitted the Bank to provide immediately prior to such amendment). The right to indemnification conferred in the charter and bylaws of the Bank shall be presumed to have been relied upon by the Director in serving or continuing to serve the Bank and shall be enforceable hereunder as a contract right. In addition to any other rights of indemnification that the Director may have, the Bank hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Director whenever he or she is or was a party or is threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding, including without limitation any Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Bank, against Expenses and Liabilities actually and reasonably incurred by the Director or on his or her behalf in connection with such Proceeding if such Director acted in good faith and in a manner the Director reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Bank, and with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the Director s conduct was unlawful except that, with respect to any Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Bank as to which such Director shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Bank, no indemnification shall be made unless and only to the extent that the court in which such Proceeding was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such Director is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which such court shall deem proper provided, however, that any amounts paid in settlement shall have been first approved by the Bank in writing (with such approval not to be unreasonably withheld), with any disagreements between the parties hereto as to the reasonableness thereof to be resolved pursuant to Section 5 hereof. No initial finding by the Board, its counsel, Independent Counsel, arbitrators or the members of the Bank shall be effective to deprive the Director of the protection of this indemnity, nor shall a court to which the Director may apply for enforcement of this indemnity give any weight to any such adverse finding in deciding any issue before it, as it is intended that the Director shall be paid promptly by the Bank all amounts necessary to effectuate the foregoing indemnity in full. The rights of indemnification of the Director provided under this Agreement shall include, without limitation, those rights set forth in Sections 4, 7 and 8 below. 
 
 SECTION 4. Advancement of Expenses . All reasonable Expenses (including attorneys fees and expenses) incurred by or on behalf of the Director shall be advanced by the Bank to the Director within 30 days after the receipt by the Bank of the Director s written request for an advance of Expenses from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of a Proceeding (including without limitation any Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Bank), unless there has been a final determination that the Director is not entitled to be indemnified for such Expenses. The Director s entitlement to advancement of Expenses shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any Proceeding by the Director seeking a determination, an adjudication or award in arbitration pursuant to this Agreement. The requests shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by the Director in connection therewith. The Director hereby undertakes to repay the amounts advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that the Director is not 

- 2 - 

entitled to be indemnified pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, to the extent that the Director has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any Proceeding, the Director shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by the Director in connection therewith. 
 
 SECTION 5. Procedure for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification . 
 
 (a) Whenever the Director believes that he or she is entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Agreement, the Director shall submit a written request for indemnification to the Bank, to the attention of the President, with a copy to the Chief Legal Officer. The request shall include all documentation or information necessary for the determination of entitlement to indemnification that is reasonably available to the Director. Determination of the Director s entitlement to indemnification shall be made not later than 60 days after any judgment, order, settlement, dismissal, arbitration award, conviction, acceptance of a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, or other disposition or partial disposition of any Proceeding or any other event that could enable the Bank to determine the Director s entitlement to indemnification. The President or the Chief Legal Officer shall, promptly upon receipt of the Director s request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that the Director has made such a request for indemnification. 
 
 (b) The Bank shall be entitled to select the forum in which the Director s entitlement to indemnification will be heard. The Bank shall notify the Director in writing as to the forum selected, which selection shall be one of the following 
 
 (i) A majority vote of all the directors who are Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum 
 
 (ii) A committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a majority of such directors, even though less than a quorum or 
 
 (iii) Independent Counsel selected by the Board, which Independent Counsel shall make the required determination in a written opinion, a copy of which shall be furnished to the Bank, the Director and each other member of the Board. 
 
 The Bank agrees to bear all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by the Director and all Expenses actually incurred by the Bank in connection with the determination of the Director s entitlement to indemnification in any of the above forums. 
 
 SECTION 6. Presumption and Effect of Certain Proceedings . Upon making a request for indemnification, the Director shall be presumed to be entitled to indemnification under this Agreement and the Bank shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in reaching any contrary determination. No initial finding by the Board or by Independent Counsel shall be effective to deprive the Director of the protection of this indemnity nor shall a court or other forum to which the Director may apply for enforcement of this indemnity give any weight to any such adverse finding in deciding any issue before it. If the person or persons empowered to make the determination shall have failed to make the requested determination within 60 days after any judgment, order, settlement, dismissal, arbitration award, conviction, acceptance of a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, or other disposition or partial disposition of any Proceeding or any other event that could enable the Bank to determine the Director s entitlement to indemnification, the required determination of entitlement to indemnification shall be deemed to have been made and the Director shall be absolutely entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, absent (i) misrepresentation by the Director of a material fact in the request for indemnification or (ii) a specific finding that all or any part of such indemnification is expressly prohibited by law or this Agreement. The termination of any Proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, arbitration award or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, (a) adversely affect the rights of the Director to indemnification except as may be expressly provided herein, (b) create a presumption that the Director did not act in good faith and in a manner that he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Bank, or (c) with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, create a presumption that the Director had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. 

- 3 - 

SECTION 7. Remedies of Director in Cases of Determination Not To Indemnify or To Advance Expenses . 
 
 (a) In the event that (i) an initial determination is made that the Director is not entitled to indemnification, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not made pursuant to this Agreement, (iii) payment has not been timely made following a determination of entitlement to indemnification pursuant to this Agreement, or (iv) the Director otherwise seeks enforcement of this Agreement, the Director shall be entitled to a final adjudication in an appropriate court of competent jurisdiction of his or her entitlement to such indemnification or advancement. 
 
 (b) In the event an initial determination has been made, in whole or in part, that the Director is not entitled to indemnification, the decision in the judicial proceeding provided in paragraph (a) of this Section 7 shall be made de novo and the Director shall not be prejudiced by reason of a determination that he or she is not entitled to indemnification. 
 
 (c) If an initial determination is made or deemed to have been made pursuant to the terms of this Agreement that the Director is entitled to indemnification, the Bank shall be bound by such determination in the absence of (i) a misrepresentation of a material fact by the Director or (ii) a specific finding (which has become final) that all or any part of such indemnification is expressly prohibited by law. 
 
 (d) The Bank shall be precluded from asserting that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable. The Bank shall stipulate in any such court or before any arbitrator that the Bank is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. 
 
 (e) All Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by the Director in connection with his or her request for indemnification under, seeking enforcement of, or recovery of damages for breach of this Agreement shall be borne and advanced by the Bank. 
 
 (f) The Bank and the Director agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, will be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach would cause the Director irreparable harm. Accordingly, the Bank and the Director agree that the Director shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief to enforce this Agreement without the necessity of proving actual damages or irreparable harm. The Bank and the Director further agree that the Director shall be entitled to such injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bond or other undertaking in connection therewith. Any such requirement of bond or undertaking is hereby waived by the Bank, and the Bank acknowledges that in the absence of such a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required by the court. 
 
 SECTION 8. Other Rights to Indemnification . The Director s rights of indemnification and advancement of Expenses provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which the Director may now or in the future be 
 entitled under applicable law, the charter or bylaws of the Bank, agreement, vote of directors or members, insurance or other financial arrangements, or otherwise. 
 
 SECTION 9. Limitations on Indemnity . The Bank shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment to the Director to the extent that the Director has already been reimbursed pursuant to such liability insurance as the Bank may maintain for the Director s benefit. Notwithstanding the availability of such insurance, the Director also may claim indemnification from the Bank pursuant to this Agreement by assigning to the Bank any claims under such insurance to the extent the Director is paid by the Bank. The Director shall reimburse the Bank for any sums he or she receives as indemnification from other sources to the extent of any amount paid to the Director for that purpose by the Bank. In addition to the foregoing limitation, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, in connection with all or any part of a Proceeding that is initiated or maintained by or on behalf of the Director, or any Proceeding by the Director against the Bank or any of its Agents, the Bank shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment to the Director in connection with any such Proceeding, unless such 

- 4 - 

Proceeding is expressly required to be made under applicable law, was authorized by a majority of the Disinterested Directors or is provided by the Bank, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Bank under applicable law. 
 
 SECTION 10. Duration and Scope of Agreement Binding Effect . This Agreement shall continue so long as the Director shall be subject to any possible Proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is or was an Agent and shall be applicable to Proceedings commenced or continued after execution of the Agreement, except that the Agreement may be terminated or withdrawn by the Bank upon 90 days prior written notice to the Director, but then only as to Proceedings arising out of acts taken or failed to be taken by the Director more than 90 days after such notice is actually received by the Director. If this Agreement is terminated or withdrawn, the Director shall nevertheless be fully entitled to the indemnification provided by this Agreement as to all actions taken or failed to be taken by the Director prior to the expiration of such 90 days. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Bank and its successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of the Director and his or her spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors, administrators and other legal representatives whether or not the Director has ceased to be a director of the Bank. The Bank shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Bank s business or assets expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Bank would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. 
 
 SECTION 11. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement (or any portion thereof) shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and (b) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable. 
 
 SECTION 12. Identical Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against which enforceability is sought need be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement. 
 
 SECTION 13. Interpretation of Agreement . It is understood that the parties hereto intend this Agreement to be interpreted and enforced so as to provide indemnification to the Director to the fullest extent now or hereafter permitted by law. 
 
 SECTION 14. Headings . The headings of the sections and paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect its construction. 
 
 SECTION 15. Modification and Waiver . No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the parties to this Agreement. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of any other provision hereof (whether or not similar), nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver. 
 
 SECTION 16. Notice by Director and Defense of Claims . The Director agrees to notify the Bank promptly in writing upon being notified of any matter that may be subject to indemnification hereunder or upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any matter which may be subject to indemnification hereunder, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative but the omission to notify the Bank will not relieve the Bank from any obligation it may have to indemnify the Director if such omission does not prejudice the Bank s rights, and, if such omission does prejudice the Bank s rights, it will relieve the Bank from any obligation to indemnify the Director only to the extent of such prejudice nor will such omission relieve the Bank from any obligation it may have to the Director other than under this Agreement. With respect to any Proceeding about which the Director notifies the Bank 
 
 (a) The Bank will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense. 

- 5 - 

(b) Except as otherwise provided below, the Bank jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified will be entitled to assume the defense of any or all of the Proceeding, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Director. After notice from the Bank to the Director of its election to assume the defense of any or all of the Proceeding, the Bank will not be liable to the Director under this Agreement for any Expenses subsequently incurred by the Director in connection with the defense of the Proceeding other than reasonable costs of investigation or as otherwise provided below. The Director shall have the right to employ his or her own counsel in any Proceeding, but the fees and expenses of such counsel incurred after notice from the Bank of its assumption of the defense in such Proceeding shall be at the expense of the Director unless (i) the employment of counsel by the Director has been authorized by the Bank, (ii) the Director shall have reasonably concluded that there is a conflict of interest between the Bank and the Director in the conduct of the defense of the Proceeding or that counsel is not adequately representing the Director or (iii) the Bank shall not in fact have employed counsel to assume the defense in such Proceeding, in each of which cases the fees and expenses of the Director s counsel shall be at the expense of the Bank. The Bank shall not be entitled to assume the defense of any Proceeding as to which the Director shall have reasonably made the conclusion provided for in clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence. If the Bank or the Bank s counsel shall determine that separate counsel should be retained by the Director, the Director will retain such separate counsel, and the Director agrees that the Bank s counsel may continue to represent the Bank in all matters. 
 
 (c) The Bank shall not be liable to indemnify the Director under this Agreement for any amounts paid in settlement of any action or claim effected without the Bank s written consent. The Bank shall not settle any action or claim in any manner that would impose any penalty or limitation on the Director without the Director s written consent. Neither the Bank nor the Director will unreasonably withhold consent to any proposed settlement. 
 
 SECTION 17. Contribution . In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to the Director in whole or part, the Bank shall, in such an event, after taking into account, among other things, contributions by other directors and officers of the Bank pursuant to indemnification agreements or otherwise, and, in the absence of personal enrichment, acts of intentional fraud or dishonesty or criminal conduct on the part of the Director, contribute to the payment of the Director s Expenses and Liabilities to the extent that, after other contributions are taken into account, such Expenses and Liabilities exceed the amount of fees paid to the Director for serving as a director of the Bank during the 12 months preceding the commencement of the Proceeding. 
 
 SECTION 18. Notices . All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (i) delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom the notice or other communication shall have been directed or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third business day after the date on which it is so mailed 
 
 (a) If to the Director, to 
 
 Director Name and Address 
 
 (b) If to the Bank, to 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 333 Bush Street, Suite 2700 
 San Francisco, California 94104 
 Attn Chief Legal Officer 
 
 or to such other address as may have been furnished to either party by the other. 
 
 SECTION 19. Subrogation . The Bank shall be subrogated to the rights of the Director against third parties in respect of which (and to the extent) payments of Expenses are made by the Bank hereunder for the benefit of the Director. 

- 6 - 

SECTION 20. Prohibited Payments . The Bank shall not make any indemnification payments, including the advance payment of expenses pursuant to Section 4 above, to the Director under this Agreement if such payment is prohibited by regulation or an order issued by the director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency Finance Agency in accordance with 12 U.S.C. 4518(e) and 12 CFR Part 1231 (effective November 5, 2018) with regard to any administrative proceeding or civil action instituted by the Finance Agency. 
 
 SECTION 21. Governing Law . The parties agree that this Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the United States and, to the extent state law may be applicable, the laws of the State of Delaware. 

Signature Page to Follow 

- 7 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 

FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK 
 OF SAN FRANCISCO 
 
 Director Name By _____________________________ 
 Anne Segrest McCulloch 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary 
 By _______________________ 

- 8 - 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.10>
 5
 q42022ex1010boardresolutio.htm
 EX-10.10

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.10 
 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF SAN FRANCISCO 
 
 RESOLUTION 

December 9, 2022 

RESOLVED, that the Board of Directors of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco hereby approves the Director Compensation and Expense Reimbursement Policy attached as Exhibit B. 
 
 I certify that this is a true and correct copy of a resolution adopted by the Board of Directors of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco at its meeting on December 9, 2022 
 s Anna-Marie Jene 
 Anna-Marie Jene, Assistant Corporate Secretary, Director 

EXHIBIT B 
 2023 Board of Directors 
 Compensation and Expense Reimbursement Policy 

The Board of Directors of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco hereby establishes the following Compensation and Expense Reimbursement Policy for 2023. 
 
 Compensation 
 
 To provide the Directors with reasonable compensation for the performance of their duties as members of the Board of Directors and the amount of time spent on official Bank business, the Bank will pay service and meeting fees to each member of the Board of Directors in accordance with the applicable position held by the Director as set forth below. 

Position Maximum Annual Service Fee Maximum Annual Meeting Fees Total Maximum Annual Compensation 1 Chair 
 95,000 55,000 150,000 Vice Chair 
 81,500 55,000 136,500 Audit, Comp & HR and Risk Committee Chairs 
 77,500 55,000 132,500 All Other Committee Chairs 
 75,000 55,000 130,000 Other Directors 
 68,000 55,000 123,000 

In determining Total Maximum Annual Compensation, the Board considered compensation levels and practices at other Federal Home Loan Banks, the Board of Directors Compensation Review September 2021 prepared by McLagan, and trends in the financial services market generally. 
 
 Service Fees 
 
 Service fees for the above positions compensate Directors for their continuous service as Bank directors, including for their time attending special Board and Committee meetings held during the year as needed, preparing for Board and Committee meetings, reviewing materials sent periodically between meetings, attending Director training and educational briefings, and all other activities outside the regularly scheduled two-day Board and Committee meetings, which may include attending Affordable Housing Advisory Council and Federal Home Loan Bank System meetings. Directors are expected to attend all Board meetings and meetings of the Committees on which they serve, and to remain engaged and actively participate in all meetings. 
 
 The maximum annual service fee will be pro-rated and paid with the meeting fee, if applicable, at the conclusion of each two-month service period on the Board of Directors (i.e., month-end February, April, June, August, October and December). A Director will not be paid the final two-month service fee for the year if the Director has not attended (in person or by telephone) at least 75 of all regular and special meetings of the Board and the Committees on which the Director 
 
 1 In addition to the Total Maximum Annual Compensation set forth in this table, Directors may receive up to an additional 1,500 in the form of expense reimbursement in accordance with the provisions on spouse significant other and guest expenses, as set forth below. 
 
 Approved 12 9 22 

served during the year (adjusted as needed for partial year service), or if the Board, in its discretion, determines at any time that the Director has consistently demonstrated a lack of engagement and participation in meetings attended. 
 
 If a Director holds more than one position on the Board, during any applicable payment period, the Director s service fee for that period will be calculated based on the position that pays the highest service fee and will be pro-rated for the number of days the Director held that position during the applicable payment period. Any Director who joins or leaves the Board between service fee payments will receive a pro rata service fee for the number of days the Director was on the Board during the service period. 
 
 Meeting Fees 
 
 Each Director will receive a meeting fee of 11,000 for attending any portion of five of the six regularly scheduled two-day Board and Committee meetings, so long as the Director s attendance includes the Board meeting and at least one Committee on which the Director serves. A Director may receive a meeting fee for participation in one regularly-scheduled Board and Committee meeting by telephone. 
 
 No meeting fee will be paid for participation in special meetings of the Board or Committees (in person or by telephone) or for participation in other Bank or Federal Home Loan Bank System activities. 
 
 The President and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank is authorized to interpret this Policy, as necessary, according to applicable statutory, regulatory and policy limits. 
 
 Expense Reimbursement 
 
 The Bank will reimburse Directors for necessary and reasonable travel, subsistence and other related expenses incurred in connection with the performance of their official duties, which may include participation in meetings or activities for which no fee is paid. 
 
 For expense reimbursement purposes, Directors official duties include 
 
 1) Meetings of the Board and Board Committees 
 2) Meetings requested by the Federal Housing Finance Agency and Federal Home Loan Bank System Committees 
 3) Meetings of the Council of Federal Home Loan Banks and its Committees 
 4) Meetings of the Bank's Affordable Housing Advisory Council 
 5) Events attended on behalf of the Bank when requested by the President in consultation with the Chair 
 6) Other events attended on behalf of the Bank with the prior approval of the Chair 
 7) Director education events attended that are consistent with the Bank s Director Education Guidelines, and with the prior approval of the Board Chair (and in the case of the Board Chair, the Chair of the Governance Committee). Directors should obtain approval prior to paying any director education or training fees or incurring related travel expenses. 
 8) National Association of Corporate Directors Annual Meeting 
 
 Each Director is responsible for making his or her own travel arrangements to attend meetings and other events for which expenses may be reimbursed. 
 
 Expenses reimbursable for Directors are the same as the expenses reimbursable for the Bank s President under the Bank s Reimbursement and Travel Expense Policy, except that Directors may not be reimbursed for gift or entertainment expenses. 
 
 Approved 12 9 22 

To be reimbursed for allowable expenses, a Director must submit the related receipts to the Bank, itemizing the expenses, within 60 days of completion of any covered trip or activity, and must include the following information 
 
 1) Meeting(s) or event(s) attended, with dates and locations 
 2) Itemization of reimbursable expenses, with supporting receipts for any expense exceeding 50.00 
 3) Ticket receipt or e-ticket confirmation for airline travel 
 
 Spouse Significant Other and Guest Expenses 
 
 In addition to the Total Maximum Annual Compensation set forth above, the Bank will pay (or reimburse) each Director up to an annual amount of 1,500 for (i) travel and group meal function related expenses of spouses significant others or a guest (collectively approved guests accompanying Directors to the annual off-site Strategic Board Meeting and or, (ii) occasional attendance by approved guests at Board group dinners during regular Board meetings in San Francisco. 
 
 The cost of approved guests travel and meals paid (or reimbursed) by the Bank may be considered by the IRS to be taxable income and will appear on Directors Form 1099. 
 
 Charitable Contribution Matching Gift Program 
 
 Each Director may participate in the Bank s Charitable Contribution Matching Gift Program, under which the Bank will match, dollar-for-dollar, up to 1,000 per calendar year, eligible personal cash donations made by the Director to eligible IRS 501(c)(3) tax-exempt charitable organizations. The Bank matching contribution will be paid directly to the eligible tax-exempt organization. 
 
 Records and Reporting 
 
 The Bank will maintain records of (i) Directors attendance at meetings of the Board and Board committees (ii) total compensation paid (iii) expenses reimbursed and (iv) matching charitable contributions. The Bank will report this information to the Federal Housing Finance Agency as required. The Bank is also required to report matching charitable contributions as Other Income in the Directors Compensation Table in the Bank s Form 10-K. The Bank recognizes that matching charitable contributions may not be considered by the IRS to be income to the Director for tax purposes. 
 
 Approved 12 9 22 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 q4202210kex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 for the President and Chief Executive Officer 
 I, Teresa B. Bazemore, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 March 10, 2023 S T ERESA B. B AZEMORE 
 Teresa B. Bazemore President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 q4202210kex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 for the Chief Financial Officer 
 I, Joseph E. Amato, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 March 10, 2023 S J OSEPH E. A MATO 
 Joseph E Amato Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 q4202210kex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 Certification by the President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Teresa B. Bazemore, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco Registrant ), certify that, to the best of my knowledge 
 1. The Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 
 March 10, 2023 S T ERESA B. B AZEMORE 
 Teresa B. Bazemore President and Chief Executive Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco and will be retained by the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 q4202210kex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Joseph E. Amato, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco Registrant ), certify that, to the best of my knowledge 
 1. The Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

March 10, 2023 S J OSEPH E. A MATO 
 Joseph E. Amato Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco and will be retained by the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 10
 exhibit991auditcommitterep.htm
 EX-99.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Report 
 
 The Audit Committee (Committee) of the Board of Directors of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco for 2023 is currently composed of five directors. The Committee is governed by a written charter approved by the Board of Directors. 
 
 The Committee has reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements with management. The Committee has discussed with the independent auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the matters required to be discussed in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (including Auditing Standard No. 1301, Communications with Audit Committees, as modified, reorganized or supplemented). The Committee has also received the written disclosures and the letter from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP required by applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding the independent accountant's communications with the audit committee concerning independence, and has discussed the auditor's independence with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
 
 Based on the review and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommends to the Board of Directors that the 2022 financial statements be included in the Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Joan C. Opp, Chair 
 F. Daniel Siciliano, Vice Chair 
 Ana E. Fonseca 
 Brian M. Riley 
 Gary L. Trujillo 

March 10, 2023 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 fhlbsf-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 fhlbsf-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 fhlbsf-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 fhlbsf-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 fhlbsf-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

