<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1163389_0001903596-23-000257.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24751251</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>218528</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>11006253</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8022176</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2035487</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2865987</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001903596-23-000257.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331155622
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001903596-23-000257
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		137
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEW PEOPLES BANKSHARES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001163389
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				311804543
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-33411
		FILM NUMBER:		23787291

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		67 COMMERCE DRIVE
		CITY:			HONAKER
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			24260
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2768737000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 1810
		CITY:			HONAKER
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			24260

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001903596-23-000257.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 npbs_10k.htm

United
States 

 Securities
and Exchange Commission 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For
the fiscal year ended , 2022 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For
the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

(Zip
 Code) 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 Common
Stock - 2.00 Par Value 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ] [ X ] 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15 (d) of the Act. Yes [ ] [ X ] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. [ X ] No [ ] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit such files) . [
X ] No [ ] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
accelerated filer [ ] 
 Accelerated filer [ ] 

[X] 
 Smaller
reporting company 

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. [ ] 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. [ ] 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). [ ] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [ ] [ X ] 

The
aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates, based on the last reported sales price of 2.35 per share on the last
business day of the second quarter of 2022, was . 

The
number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock was as of March 24, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

Portions
of the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Part III 

TABLE
 OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 4 

Item
 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 14 

Item
 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 14 

Item
 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 14 

Item
 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 15 

Item
 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 15 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 15 

Item
 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 16 

Item
 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 16 

Item
 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 34 

Item
 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 35 

Item
 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 71 

Item
 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 71 

Item
 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 71 

Item
9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 71 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 71 

Item
 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 72 

Item
 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 72 

Item
 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 72 

Item
 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 72 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 72 

Item
 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 73 

SIGNATURES 
 
 74 

PART
I 

Item 1. Business 

General 

New
Peoples Bankshares, Inc. (New Peoples, the Company, we, us or our) is a Virginia financial holding company headquartered in Honaker,
Virginia. Our business is conducted primarily through New Peoples Bank, Inc., a Virginia banking corporation (the Bank ).
The Bank has a division doing business as New Peoples Financial Services which offers investment services through its broker-dealer relationship
with Infinex Investments, Inc. NPB Insurance Services, Inc. NPB Insurance is a subsidiary of the Bank and generates revenue
through the referral of insurance services. 

The
Bank, headquartered in Honaker, Virginia, offers a range of banking and related financial services focused primarily on serving individuals,
small to medium size businesses, and the professional community. We strive to serve the banking needs of our customers while developing
personal, hometown relationships with them. Our board of directors believes that marketing customized banking services enables us to
establish a niche in the financial services marketplace where we do business. 

We
provide professionals and small to medium size businesses in our market area with responsive and technologically enabled banking services.
These services include loans that are priced on a deposit relationship basis, easy access to our decision makers, and quick and innovative
action necessary to meet a customer s banking needs. Our capitalization and lending limit enable us to satisfy the credit needs
of a large portion of the targeted market segment. When a customer needs a loan that exceeds our lending limit, we try to find other
financial institutions to participate in the loan with us. 

Our
History 

The
Bank was incorporated under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia on December 9, 1997 and began operations on October 28, 1998. On
September 27, 2001, the shareholders of the Bank approved a plan of reorganization under which they exchanged their shares of Bank common
stock for shares of New Peoples common stock. On November 30, 2001, the reorganization was completed and the Bank became New Peoples 
wholly-owned subsidiary. 

In
June 2003, New Peoples formed two new wholly-owned subsidiaries, NPB Financial Services, Inc. (renamed NPB Insurance Services, Inc. in
June 2012) and NPB Web Services, Inc., an inactive web design and hosting company. 

The
Bank, through its division New Peoples Financial Services, offers fixed and variable annuities, fee-based asset management and other
investment products through a broker/dealer relationship with Infinex Investments, Inc. 

In
July 2004, NPB Capital Trust I was formed by New Peoples to issue 11.3 million in trust preferred securities. 

In
September 2006, NPB Capital Trust 2 was formed by New Peoples to issue 5.2 million in trust preferred securities. 

On
June 7, 2017, NPB Insurance Services, Inc. purchased a 39 membership interest in Lonesome Pine Title Agency, LLC, which provides title
insurance. Another member of the agency is a related party to the Company. 

Branch
Locations 

We
have 17 full-service branches located in three states: Virginia - Abingdon, Bluefield, Bristol (2), Castlewood, Clintwood, Gate City,
Grundy, Haysi, Honaker, Lebanon, Pounding Mill, Tazewell and Wise; West Virginia - Princeton (2); and Tennessee Kingsport. Additionally,
we have a loan production office in Boone, North Carolina. 

Our
Market Areas 

Our
primary market area consists of southwestern Virginia, southern West Virginia, northeastern Tennessee, and western North Carolina. Specifically,
we operate in the southwestern Virginia counties of Russell, Scott, Washington, Tazewell, Buchanan, Dickenson, and Wise; in the southern
West Virginia county of Mercer and the northeastern Tennessee county of Sullivan (collectively, the Tri-State Area ). In
North Carolina, our loan production office is in the county of Watauga. The close proximity and mobile nature of individuals and businesses
in adjoining counties and nearby cities in Virginia, West Virginia, Tennessee and North Carolina place these markets within our Bank s
targeted trade area, as well. 

4 

Accessibility
to Interstates I-77, I-81, I-26, I-64, I40 and I-75, as well as major state and U.S. highways including US 19, US 23, US 58, US 460 and
US 421, make the area an ideal location for businesses to serve markets in the Mid-Atlantic, Southeast and Midwest. The area is strategically
located midway between Atlanta-Pittsburgh, Charlotte-Cincinnati, and Richmond-Louisville, and is within a day s drive of more than
half of the U.S. population. A regional airport located in Bristol, Tennessee serves the area with commercial flights to and from major
cities in the United States. Commercial rail service providers include CSX Transportation and Norfolk Southern Railways. 

The
Tri-State Area has a diversified economy supported by natural resources, which include coal, natural gas, limestone, and timber; agriculture;
healthcare; education; technology; manufacturing and services industries. Predominantly, the market is comprised of locally owned and
operated small businesses. Considerable investments in high-technology communications, high-speed broadband network and infrastructure
have been made which has opened the area to large technology companies and future business development potential for new and existing
businesses. Businesses are taking advantage of the low cost of doing business, training opportunities, available workforce and an exceptional
quality of life experience for employers and employees alike. 

Internet
Site 

Our
internet banking site can be accessed at www.newpeoples.bank . The site includes a customer service area that contains branch and
Interactive Teller Machine (ITM) locations, product descriptions and current interest rates offered on deposit accounts. Customers with
internet access can apply for loans and credit cards, open deposit accounts online, access account balances, make transfers between accounts,
enter stop payment orders, order checks, and use an optional bill paying service. 

Available
Information 

We
file annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
SEC). The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers,
like us, that file electronically with the SEC. Our SEC filings are filed electronically and are available to the public online at the
SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. We also provide a link to our filings on the SEC website, free of charge, through our internet
website https://newpeoples.bank/Bankshares-About-Us under Investor Relations. Information on the websites of the Company
and the Bank is not a part of, and is not incorporated into, this report or any other filings the Company makes with the SEC. 

Banking
Services 

General .
We accept deposits, make consumer and commercial loans, issue drafts, and provide other services customarily offered by a commercial
bank, such as business and personal checking and savings accounts, walk-up tellers, drive-in windows, and 24-hour ITMs. The Bank is a
member of the Federal Reserve System and its deposits are insured under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (the FDIA) to the maximum limit. 

Loans.
 Generally, we offer a full range of short-, medium- and longer-term commercial, 1-4 family residential mortgages and personal loans.
Commercial loans include both secured and unsecured loans for working capital (including inventory and receivables), business expansion
(including acquisition of real estate and improvements) and purchase of equipment and machinery. Consumer loans may include secured and
unsecured loans for financing automobiles, home improvements, education, personal investments and other purposes. 

Our
lending activities are subject to a variety of lending limits imposed by state law. While differing limits may apply in certain circumstances
based on the type of loan or the nature of the borrower (including the borrower s relationship to the Bank), the Bank generally
is subject to a loans-to-one-borrower limit of an amount equal to 15 of its capital and surplus plus the allowance for loan losses.
The Bank voluntarily may choose to impose a policy limit on loans to a single borrower that is less than the legal lending limit. 

We
obtain short-, medium- and longer-term commercial and personal loans through direct solicitation of business owners and continued business
from existing customers. Completed loan applications are reviewed by our loan officers. As part of the application process, information
is obtained concerning the income, financial condition, employment and credit history of the applicant. If commercial real estate is
involved, information is also obtained concerning cash flow after debt service. Loan quality is analyzed based on the Bank s experience
and its credit underwriting guidelines. 

5 

Commercial
Loans . We make commercial loans to qualified businesses in our market area. Our commercial lending consists primarily of commercial
and industrial loans to finance accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment. Commercial business loans generally have
a higher degree of risk than residential mortgage loans, but have commensurately higher yields. Residential mortgage loans are generally
made on the basis of the borrower s ability to make repayment from employment and other income and are secured by real estate whose
value tends to be easily ascertainable. In contrast, commercial business loans typically are made on the basis of the borrower s
ability to make repayment from cash flow from its business and are secured by business assets, such as commercial real estate, accounts
receivable, equipment and inventory. As a result, the availability of funds for the repayment of commercial business loans may be substantially
dependent on the success of the business itself. 

Further,
the collateral for commercial business loans may depreciate over time and cannot be appraised with as much precision as residential real
estate. To manage these risks, our underwriting guidelines generally require us to secure commercial loans with both the assets of the
borrowing business and other additional collateral and guarantees that may be available. In addition, we actively monitor certain measures
of the borrower, including advance rate, cash flow, collateral value and other appropriate credit factors. 

Residential
Mortgage Loans . Our residential mortgage loans consist of residential first and second mortgage loans, residential construction loans,
home equity lines of credit and term loans secured by first and second mortgages on the residences of borrowers for home improvements,
education and other personal expenditures. We make mortgage loans with a variety of terms, including fixed and floating or variable rates
and a variety of maturities. 

Under
our underwriting guidelines, residential mortgage loans are generally made on the basis of the borrower s ability to make repayment
from employment and other income and are secured by real estate whose value tends to be easily ascertainable. These loans are made consistent
with our appraisal policies and real estate lending policies, which detail maximum loan-to-value ratios and maturities. 

Construction
Loans . Construction lending entails significant additional risks compared to residential mortgage lending. Construction loans often
involve larger loan balances concentrated with single borrowers or groups of related borrowers. Construction loans also involve additional
risks attributable to the fact that loan funds are advanced upon the security of property under construction, which is of uncertain value
prior to the completion of construction. Thus, it is more difficult to evaluate the total loan funds required to complete a project and
related loan-to-value ratios accurately. To minimize the risks associated with construction lending, loan-to-value limitations for residential,
multi-family and non-residential construction loans are in place. These are in addition to the usual credit analyses of borrowers. Management
feels that the loan-to-value ratios help to minimize the risk of loss and to compensate for normal fluctuations in the real estate market.
Maturities for construction loans generally range from 4 to 12 months for residential property and from 6 to 18 months for non-residential
and multi-family properties. 

Consumer
Loans . Our consumer loans consist primarily of installment loans to individuals for personal, family and household purposes. The
specific types of consumer loans that we make include home improvement loans, debt consolidation loans and general consumer lending.
Consumer loans entail greater risk than residential mortgage loans, particularly in the case of consumer loans that are unsecured, such
as lines of credit, or secured by rapidly depreciating assets such as automobiles. In such cases, any repossessed collateral for a defaulted
consumer loan may not provide an adequate source of repayment of the outstanding loan balance due to the greater likelihood of damage,
loss or depreciation. The remaining deficiency often does not warrant further substantial collection efforts against the borrower. In
addition, consumer loan collections are dependent on the borrower s continuing financial stability, and thus are more likely to
be adversely affected by job loss, divorce, illness or personal bankruptcy. Furthermore, the application of various federal and state
laws, including federal and state bankruptcy and insolvency laws, may limit the amount which can be recovered on such loans. A borrower
may also be able to assert against the Bank as an assignee any claims and defenses that it has against the seller of the underlying collateral. 

Our
underwriting policy for consumer loans seeks to limit risk and minimize losses, primarily through a careful analysis of the borrower s
creditworthiness. In evaluating consumer loans, we require our lending officers to review the borrower s level and stability of
income, past credit history and the impact of these factors on the ability of the borrower to repay the loan in a timely manner. In addition,
we maintain an appropriate margin between the loan amount and collateral value. 

Deposits.
 We offer a variety of deposit products for both individual and business customers. These include demand deposit, interest-bearing
demand deposit, savings deposit, money market, health savings and individual retirement (IRA) deposit accounts. In addition, we offer
certificates of deposit with terms ranging from 7 days to 60 months, including IRAs with terms ranging from 12 months to 60 months. 

6 

Investment
Services. We offer a variety of investment services for both individual and business customers. These services include fixed income
products, variable annuities, mutual funds, indexed certificates of deposit, individual retirement accounts, long term care insurance,
employee group benefit plans, college savings plans, financial planning, managed money accounts, and estate planning. We offer these
services through our broker-dealer relationship with Infinex Investments, Inc. 

Other
Bank Services . Other bank services include safe deposit boxes, cashier s checks, certain cash management services, direct deposit
of payroll and social security checks and automatic drafts for various accounts. We offer ITM and debit card services that can be used
by our customers throughout our service area and other regions. We also offer consumer and commercial VISA credit card services. Electronic
banking services include debit cards, internet banking, telephone banking, mobile banking, remote deposit capture; merchant transaction
processing and wire transfers. 

We
do not presently anticipate obtaining trust powers, but we are able to provide similar services through our affiliation with Infinex
Investments, Inc. Additionally, we have initiated programs of differentiator presentations focusing on such issues as financial literacy
and elder abuse. We believe that these types of programs assist our local communities and highlight the skills of our financial service
providers. 

Competition 

The
financial services business is highly competitive. We compete as a financial intermediary with other commercial banks, credit unions,
mortgage banking firms, consumer finance companies, securities brokerage firms, insurance companies, money market mutual funds and other
financial institutions operating in the southwestern Virginia, southern West Virginia, eastern Tennessee, and western North Carolina
market areas and elsewhere, including online financial services providers. Our market area is a highly competitive, highly branched banking
market. 

Competition
in the market area for loans to small businesses and professionals, the Bank s target market, is intense, and pricing is important.
Many of our larger competitors have substantially greater resources and lending limits than we have. They offer certain services, such
as extensive and established branch networks and trust services, that we do not provide or do not expect to provide in the near future.
Moreover, larger institutions operating in the market area have access to borrowed funds at lower costs than are available to us. Deposit
competition among institutions in our market area is strong, resulting in the possibility of our paying above-market rates to attract
or retain deposits. As the pandemic waned, funds received into our customers deposit accounts from PPP loans and stimulus payments
were drawn down. This decreased customer liquidity, combined with increased interest rates, has resulted in increased competition for
deposits. 

While
pricing is important, our principal method of countering the competition is service. As a community banking organization, we strive to
serve the banking needs of our customers while developing personal, hometown relationships with them. Additionally, we continue to add
and enhance digital banking services. As a result, we provide a significant amount of service and a range of products through multiple
channels at reasonable fees. 

According
to a market share report prepared by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC ), as of June 30, 2022, the most
recent date for which market share information is available, the Bank s deposits as a percentage of total deposits in its major
market areas were as follows: 

7 

County
 or City 

of Market 
 
 Dickenson
 County, VA 
 
 33.95 
 
 Scott
 County, VA 
 
 31.75 
 
 Russell
 County, VA 
 
 23.62 
 
 Buchanan
 County, VA 
 
 10.92 
 
 Tazewell
 County, VA 
 
 8.59 
 
 Wise
 County, VA 
 
 6.13 
 
 Washington
 County, VA 
 
 6.13 
 
 Mercer
 County, WV 
 
 5.51 
 
 City
 of Bristol, VA 
 
 5.31 
 
 Smyth
 County, VA 
 
 3.77 
 
 City
 of Kingsport, TN 
 
 2.17 

- In August 2022, we closed our branch operation in Smyth County, Virginia, and transferred those deposits to our office in Washington
County, Virginia 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 194 full-time equivalent employees. None of our employees is covered by a collective bargaining agreement,
and we consider relations with employees to be excellent. 

Supervision
and Regulation 

General.
 As a financial holding company, we are subject to regulation under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (BHCA), and the
examination and reporting requirements of the Federal Reserve. We are also subject to the provisions of the Code of Virginia governing
bank holding companies. As a state-chartered commercial bank, the Bank is subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the Virginia
State Corporation Commission s Bureau of Financial Institutions (BFI). As a member of the Federal Reserve System, the Bank is also
subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the Federal Reserve. Other federal and state laws, including various consumer protection
and compliance laws, also govern the activities of the Bank. 

The
following description summarizes the most significant federal and state laws applicable to New Peoples and its subsidiaries. To the extent
that statutory or regulatory provisions are described, the description is qualified in its entirety by reference to that particular statutory
or regulatory provision. 

The
Bank Holding Company Act. Under the BHCA, the Federal Reserve examines New Peoples periodically. New Peoples is also required to
file periodic reports and provide any additional information that the Federal Reserve may require. Activities at the bank holding company
level are generally limited to: 

banking,
managing or controlling banks; 

furnishing
services to or performing services for its subsidiaries; and 

engaging
in other activities that the Federal Reserve has determined by 

 regulation
or order to be so closely related to banking as to be a proper 

 incident
to these activities. 

Thus,
the activities we can engage in are restricted as a matter of law. 

With
some limited exceptions, the BHCA requires every bank holding company to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve before: 

acquiring
substantially all the assets of any bank; 

acquiring
direct or indirect ownership or control of any voting shares of any bank if after such acquisition it would own or control more than
5 of the voting shares of such bank (unless it already owns or controls the majority of such shares); or 

8 

merging
or consolidating with another bank holding company. 

As
a result, our ability to engage in certain strategic activities is conditioned on regulatory approval. 

In
addition, and subject to some exceptions, the BHCA and the Change in Bank Control Act require Federal Reserve approval prior to any person
or company acquiring control of a bank holding company as defined in the statutes and regulations. These requirements make
it more difficult for control of our company to change or for us to acquire substantial investments. 

Financial
Holding Company. As of March 4, 2016, the Company elected to become qualified as a financial holding company (FHC). The Gramm-Leach-Bliley
Act (GLBA) created this category of bank holding companies. FHC s may directly or indirectly through subsidiaries engage in financial
activities and activities incidental or complementary to financial activities. Generally, an FHC need not
give prior notice of such activities, but must notify the Federal Reserve within 30 days after an event. 

The
BHCA provides a long list of financial activities that may be engaged in by FHCs such as underwriting, brokering or selling
insurance; providing financial or investment advice or underwriting, dealing in or making a market in securities. 

There
are other potential financial activities in which the Federal Reserve is permitted to designate as permitted financial
or incidental to financial activities. 

We
do not currently undertake activities specifically permitted to us as an FHC that are not otherwise permissible for bank holding companies
not qualified as FHCs. 

Bureau
of Financial Institutions. As a bank holding company registered with BFI, we must provide the BFI with information concerning our
financial condition, operations and management, among other reports required by the BFI. New Peoples is also examined by the BFI in addition
to its Federal Reserve examinations. Similar to the BHCA, the Code of Virginia requires that the BFI approve the acquisition of direct
or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any Virginia bank or bank holding company like us. 

Payment
of Dividends. New Peoples is a separate legal entity that derives the majority of its revenues from dividends paid to it by its
subsidiaries. The Bank is subject to laws and regulations that limit the amount of dividends it can pay. In addition, both New Peoples
and the Bank are subject to various regulatory restrictions relating to the payment of dividends, including requirements to maintain
capital at or above regulatory minimums. Banking regulators have indicated that banking organizations should generally pay dividends
only if the organization s net income available to common shareholders over the past year has been sufficient to fully fund the
dividends and the prospective rate of earnings retention appears consistent with the organization s capital needs, asset quality
and overall financial condition. The FDIC has the general authority to limit the dividends paid by FDIC insured banks if the FDIC deems
the payment to be an unsafe and unsound practice. The FDIC has indicated that paying dividends that deplete a bank s capital base
to an inadequate level would be an unsound and unsafe banking practice. 

Capital
Adequacy. The federal banking regulators have issued substantially similar capital requirements applicable to all banks and bank
holding companies. In addition, those regulators may from time to time require that a banking organization maintain capital above the
minimum levels because of its financial condition or actual or anticipated growth. 

The
Company meets the eligibility criteria to be considered a small bank holding company in accordance with the Federal Reserve s Small
Bank Holding Company Policy Statement issued in February, 2015 and does not report consolidated regulatory capital. With respect to the
Bank, the prompt corrective action regulations pursuant to Section 38 of the FDIA are set forth in the following table: 

9 

Total
 Risk 
 
 Tier
 1 Risk 
 
 CET1
 Risk 

Based
 Capital 
 
 Based
 Capital 
 
 Based
 Capital 
 
 Leverage 

Ratio 
 
 Ratio 
 
 Ratio 
 
 Ratio 
 
 Well
 Capitalized 
 
 10 

8 

6.5 

5 
 
 Adequately
 Capitalized 
 
 8 

6 

4.5 

4 
 
 Undercapitalized 

The
FDIA requires the federal banking regulators to take prompt corrective action if a depository institution does not meet
minimum capital requirements as set forth above. Generally, a receiver or conservator for a bank that is critically undercapitalized 
must be appointed within specific time frames. The regulations also provide that a capital restoration plan must be filed within 45 days
of the date a bank is deemed to have received notice that it is undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized 
or critically undercapitalized. Any holding company for a bank required to submit a capital restoration plan must guarantee
the lesser of (i) an amount equal to 5 of the bank s assets at the time it was notified or deemed to be undercapitalized by a
regulator, or (ii) the amount necessary to restore the bank to adequately capitalized status. This guarantee remains in place until the
bank is notified that it has maintained adequately capitalized status for specified time periods. Additional measures with respect to
undercapitalized institutions include a prohibition on capital distributions, growth limits and restrictions on activities. 

The
Bank is also subject to the rules implementing the Basel III capital framework and certain related provisions of the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act). The final rules established minimum capital ratios plus
a capital conservation buffer designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. The final provisions for banks
with 250 billion or less in total assets, such as the Bank, are set forth in the following table: 

Minimum
 Leverage Ratio 

4.00 

Minimum
 CET1 Risk Based Capital Ratio 

4.50 

Capital
 Conservation Buffer (1) 

2.50 

Minimum
 CET1 Risk Based Capital Ratio with Capital Conservation Buffer 

7.00 

Minimum
 Tier 1 Risk Based Capital Ratio 

6.00 

Minimum
 Tier 1 Risk Based Capital Ratio with Capital Conservation Buffer 

8.50 

Minimum
 Total Risk Based Capital Ratio 

8.00 

Minimum
 Total Risk Based Capital Ratio with Capital Conservation Buffer 

10.50 

(1) The
 capital conservation buffer must be maintained in order for a banking organization to avoid
 being subject to limitations on capital distributions, including dividend payments, and discretionary
 bonus payments to executive officers. 

The
final rules include comprehensive guidance with respect to the measurement of risk-weighted assets. For residential mortgages,
Basel III retains the risk-weights contained in the prior capital rules, which assign a risk-weight of 50 to most first-lien exposures
and 100 to other residential mortgage exposures. The final rule increased the risk-weights associated with certain on-balance
sheet assets, such as high volatility commercial real estate loans, and loans that are more than 90 days past due or in nonaccrual status.
Capital requirements also increased for certain off-balance sheet exposures including, for example, loan commitments with an original
maturity of one year or less. 

Under
the final rules, certain banking organizations, including the Company and the Bank, were permitted to make a one-time election to continue
the prior treatment of excluding from regulatory capital most accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) components, including amounts
relating to unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities and amounts attributable to defined benefit post-retirement
plans. Institutions that elected to exclude most AOCI components from regulatory capital under Basel III will be able to avoid
volatility that would otherwise be caused by things such as the impact of fluctuations in interest rates on the fair value of available-for-sale
debt securities. The Company and the Bank elected to exclude AOCI components from regulatory capital under Basel III. 

Failure
to meet capital guidelines could subject a bank to a variety of enforcement remedies, including issuance of a capital directive, the
termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC, a prohibition on taking brokered deposits and certain other restrictions on its business.
As described below, the FDIC can impose substantial additional restrictions upon FDIC-insured depository institutions that fail to meet
applicable capital requirements as set forth above. 

On
September 17, 2019, the federal banking regulators jointly issued a final rule required by the Economic Growth, Regulatory Reform and
Consumer Protection Act (EGRRCPA) that permits qualifying banks and bank holding companies that have less than 10 billion in consolidated
assets, such as New Peoples and the Bank, to elect to be subject to a 9 leverage ratio that would be applied using less complex leverage
calculations (commonly referred to as the community bank leverage ratio or CBLR). Under the rule, which became effective on January 1,
2020, banks and bank holding companies that opt into the CBLR framework and maintain a CBLR of greater than 9 are not subject to other
risk-based and leverage capital requirements under the Basel III rules and would be deemed to have met the well capitalized ratio requirements
under the prompt corrective action framework. 

10 

For
further detail on capital and capital ratios, see discussion contained in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, sections Capital Resources and Liquidity, and in Item
8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes, Note 21, Capital. 

Other
Safety and Soundness Regulations . There are a number of obligations and restrictions imposed on banks and financial or bank holding
companies and their bank subsidiaries by federal law and regulatory policy that are designed to reduce potential loss exposure to the
depositors of such depository institutions and to the FDIC insurance funds in the event that the depository institution is insolvent
or is in danger of becoming insolvent. For example, the Federal Reserve requires a bank or financial or bank holding company to serve
as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary depository institutions and to commit resources to support such institutions in circumstances
where it might not do so otherwise. These requirements can restrict the ability of bank holding companies to deploy their capital as
they otherwise might. 

Interstate
Banking and Branching. Banks in Virginia may branch without geographic restriction. Current federal law authorizes interstate acquisitions
of banks and bank holding companies without geographic limitation. Bank holding companies may acquire banks in any state without regard
to state law except for state laws requiring a minimum time a bank must be in existence to be acquired. The Code of Virginia generally
permits out of state bank holding companies or banks to acquire Virginia banks or bank holding companies subject to regulatory approval.
These laws have the effect of increasing competition in banking markets. 

Monetary
Policy. The commercial banking business is affected not only by general economic conditions but also by the monetary policies of
the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve s monetary policies have had a significant effect on the operating results of commercial
banks in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. In view of unsettled conditions in the national and international
political environment, economy and money markets, as well as governmental fiscal and monetary policies, their impact on interest rates,
deposit levels, loan demand or the business and earnings of the Bank is unpredictable. 

Federal
Reserve System. Depository institutions that maintain transaction accounts or nonpersonal time deposits are subject to reserve requirements.
These reserve requirements are subject to adjustment by the Federal Reserve. Because required reserves must be maintained in the form
of vault cash or in a non-interest-bearing account at, or on behalf of, a Federal Reserve Bank, the effect of the reserve requirement
is to reduce the amount of the institution s interest-earning assets. 

Transactions
with Affiliates. Transactions between banks and their affiliates are governed by Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act.
These provisions restrict the amount of, and provide conditions with respect to, loans, investments, transfers of assets and other transactions
between New Peoples and the Bank. 

Loans
to Insiders. The Bank is subject to rules on the amount, terms and risks associated with loans to executive officers, directors,
principal shareholders and their related interests. 

Community
Reinvestment Act. Under the Community Reinvestment Act, depository institutions have an affirmative obligation to assist in meeting
the credit needs of their market areas, including low and moderate-income areas, consistent with safe and sound banking practices. The
Community Reinvestment Act emphasizes the delivery of bank products and services through branch locations in a bank s market areas
and requires banks to keep data reflecting their efforts to assist in its community s credit needs. Depository institutions are
periodically examined for compliance with the Community Reinvestment Act and are assigned ratings in this regard. Banking regulators
consider a depository institution s Community Reinvestment Act rating when reviewing applications to establish new branches, undertake
new lines of business, and/or acquire part or all of another depository institution. An unsatisfactory rating can significantly delay
or even prohibit regulatory approval of a proposed transaction by a bank holding company or its depository institution subsidiaries.
A bank holding company will not be permitted to become a financial holding company and no new activities authorized under the GLBA (see
below) may be commenced by a holding company or by a bank financial subsidiary if any of its bank subsidiaries received less than a Satisfactory 
rating in its latest Community Reinvestment Act examination. The Bank received a rating of Satisfactory at its last Community
Reinvestment Act performance evaluation, as of August 1, 2022. 

11 

In
May 2022, the federal bank regulatory agencies jointly issued a proposed rule intended to strengthen and modernize the CRA regulatory
framework. If implemented, the rule would, among other things, (i) expand access to credit, investment and basic banking services in
low- and moderate-income communities, (ii) adapt to changes in the banking industry, including internet and mobile banking, (iii) provide
greater clarity, consistency and transparency in the application of the regulations and (iv) tailor performance standards to account
for differences in bank size, business model, and local conditions. 

Gramm-Leach-Bliley
Act of 1999. The GLBA covers a broad range of issues, including a repeal of most of the restrictions on affiliations among depository
institutions, securities firms and insurance companies. For example, the GLBA permits unrestricted affiliations between banks and securities
firms. It also permits bank holding companies to elect to become FHCs, which can engage in a broad range of financial services as described
above. In order to become an FHC, a bank holding company and all of its affiliated depository institutions must be well-capitalized,
well-managed and have at least a satisfactory Community Reinvestment Act rating. On March 4, 2016 the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond
approved New Peoples election to become an FHC. 

The
GLBA also provides that the states continue to have the authority to regulate insurance activities, but prohibits the states, in most
instances, from preventing or significantly interfering with the ability of a bank, directly or through an affiliate, to engage in insurance
sales, solicitations or cross-marketing activities. 

Anti-Money
Laundering Legislation . New Peoples is subject to the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including
the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, and the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020. Among other things,
these laws and regulations require New Peoples to take steps to prevent the use of New Peoples for facilitating the flow of illegal or
illicit money, to report large currency transactions, and to file suspicious activity reports. The Company is also required to carry
out a comprehensive anti-money laundering compliance program. Violations can result in substantial civil and criminal sanctions. In addition,
provisions of the USA Patriot Act require the federal bank regulatory agencies to consider the effectiveness of a financial institution s
anti-money laundering activities when reviewing bank mergers and bank holding company acquisitions. 

Privacy
and Fair Credit Reporting. Financial institutions, such as the Bank, are required to disclose their privacy policies to customers
and consumers and require that such customers or consumers be given a choice (through an opt-out notice) to forbid the sharing of nonpublic
personal information about them with nonaffiliated third persons. The Bank also requires business partners with whom it shares such information
to assure the Bank that they have adequate security safeguards and to abide by the redisclosure and reuse provisions of applicable law.
In addition to adopting federal requirements regarding privacy, individual states are authorized to enact more stringent laws relating
to the use of customer information. The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, passed in 2021, became effective January 1, 2023 These
privacy laws create compliance obligations and potential liability for the Bank. 

Mortgage
Banking Regulation . The Bank is subject to rules and regulations related to mortgage loans that, among other things, establish standards
for loan origination, prohibit discrimination, provide for inspections and appraisals of property, require credit reports on prospective
borrowers, in some cases restrict certain loan features and fix maximum interest rates and fees, require the disclosure of certain basic
information to mortgagors concerning credit and settlement costs, limit payment for settlement services to the reasonable value of the
services rendered and require the maintenance and disclosure of information regarding the disposition of mortgage applications based
on race, gender, geographical distribution and income level. The Bank is also subject to rules and regulations that require the collection
and reporting of significant amounts of information with respect to mortgage loans and borrowers. The Bank s mortgage origination
activities are subject to the Federal Reserve s Regulation Z, which implements the Truth in Lending Act. Certain provisions of
Regulation Z require creditors to make a reasonable and good faith determination based on verified and documented information that a
consumer applying for a mortgage loan has a reasonable ability to repay the loan according to its terms. To the extent that we make mortgage
loans, we are required to comply with these rules, subject to available exceptions. 

Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) is intended to increase corporate responsibility, provide enhanced penalties
for accounting and auditing improprieties by publicly traded companies and to protect investors by improving the accuracy and reliability
of corporate disclosures made pursuant to the securities law. The changes required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and its implementing regulations
are intended to allow shareholders to monitor the performance of companies and their directors more easily and effectively. 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act generally applies to all domestic companies, such as New Peoples, that file periodic reports with the SEC under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act includes significant additional disclosure requirements and expanded
corporate governance rules and the SEC has adopted extensive additional disclosures, corporate governance provisions and other related
rules pursuant to it. New Peoples has expended, and will continue to expend, considerable time and money in complying with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. 

12 

Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation. The Bank s deposits are insured by the Deposit Insurance Fund, as administered by the FDIC,
to the maximum amount permitted by law, which is 250,000 per depositor. The FDIC uses a financial ratios method based
on CAMELS composite ratings to determine deposit insurance assessment rates for small established institutions with less
than 10 billion in assets, such as the Bank. The CAMELS rating system is a supervisory rating system designed to take into account
and reflect all financial and operational risks that a bank may face, including capital adequacy, asset quality, management capability,
earnings, liquidity and sensitivity to market risk (CAMELS). CAMELS composite ratings set a maximum assessment for banks rated CAMELS
1 and 2, and set minimum assessments for lower rated institutions. In 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded expense of 216 thousand and
 266 thousand, respectively, for FDIC insurance premiums. 

Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. The Dodd-Frank Act was signed into law on July 21, 2010. Its wide-ranging provisions
affect all federal financial regulatory agencies and nearly every aspect of the American financial services industry. Among the provisions
of the Dodd-Frank Act that directly impacted the Company was the creation of an independent Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB),
which has the ability to write rules for consumer protections governing all financial institutions. All consumer protection responsibility
formerly handled by other banking regulators is consolidated in the CFPB. It also oversees the enforcement of all federal laws intended
to ensure fair access to credit. Smaller financial institutions, such as the Company and the Bank, continued to be examined primarily
by their primary regulators. 

The
Dodd-Frank Act contains provisions designed to reform mortgage lending, which includes the requirement of additional disclosures for
consumer mortgages. The EGRRCPA modified a number of these requirements, including, for smaller institutions (under 10 billion in total
assets) that qualify, a safe harbor for compliance with the ability to pay requirements for consumer mortgage loans. The
CFPB has implemented mortgage lending regulations to carry out its mandate. In addition, the Federal Reserve has issued rules limiting
the fees charged to merchants by credit card companies for debit card transactions. The result of these rules is to limit the amount
of interchange fee income available explicitly to larger banks and indirectly to us. The Dodd-Frank Act also contains provisions that
affect corporate governance and executive compensation. 

The
Dodd-Frank Act has had, and may in the future have, a material impact on New Peoples operations, particularly through increased
compliance costs resulting from new and possible future consumer and fair lending regulations. Any future changes resulting from the
Dodd-Frank Act may affect the profitability of business activities, require changes to certain business practices, impose more stringent
regulatory requirements or otherwise adversely affect the business and financial condition of New Peoples and the Bank. These changes
may also require New Peoples to invest significant management attention and resources to evaluate and make necessary changes to comply
with new statutory and regulatory requirements. 

The
Economic Growth, Regulatory Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2018. The EGRRCPA, which became effective in May 2018, amended
provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and other statutes administered by banking regulators. Among these amendments are provisions exempting
insured depository institutions (and their parent companies) with less than 10 billion in consolidated assets and meeting certain other
asset and liabilities trading tests from the Volker Rule, which prohibits banks from conducting certain investment activities with their
own accounts. The EGRRCPA required the regulators to promulgate rules establishing the new CBLR, as described above. The EGRRCPA increased
the asset threshold from 1 billion to 3 billion for financial institutions to qualify for a less burdensome 18-month on-site examination
schedule. The EGRRCPA made numerous other changes in regulatory requirements based on the size and complexity of financial institutions,
particularly benefiting smaller institutions like the Company. 

Cyber
Security. Federal regulators expect that financial institutions design multiple layers of security controls to establish lines of
defense and to ensure that their risk management processes also address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials, including
security measures to reliably authenticate customers accessing internet-based services of the financial institution. Additionally, a
financial institution s management is expected to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure the rapid
recovery, resumption and maintenance of the institution s operations after a cyber-attack involving destructive malware. A financial
institution is expected to maintain appropriate processes to enable recovery of data and business operations and address rebuilding network
capabilities and restoring data if the institution or any of its critical service providers fall victim to this type of cyber-attack.
If the Company fails to observe the regulatory guidance, it could be subject to various regulatory sanctions, including financial penalties. 

13 

Federal
bank regulators issued a joint rule, effective in 2022, establishing computer-security incident notification requirements for banking
organizations and their bank service providers. The rule requires a banking organization to notify its primary federal regulator of any
significant computer-security incident as soon as possible and no later than 36 hours after the banking organization determines that
a cyber incident has occurred. In addition, the final rule requires a bank service provider to notify affected banking organization customers
as soon as possible when the provider determines that it has experienced a computer-security incident that has materially affected or
is reasonably likely to materially affect banking organization customers for four or more hours. The rule defines computer-security incident
as an occurrence that results in actual harm to the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of an information system or the information
that the system processes, stores, or transmits. 

Limitations
on Incentive Compensation . The federal bank regulatory agencies have issued comprehensive final guidance on incentive compensation
policies intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of financial institutions do not undermine the safety and soundness
of such institutions by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The Interagency Guidance on Sound Incentive Compensation Policies, which covers
all employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile of financial institutions, either individually or as part of
a group, is based upon the key principles that a financial institution s incentive compensation arrangements should (i) provide
incentives that do not encourage risk-taking beyond the institution s ability to effectively identify and manage risks, (ii) be
compatible with effective internal controls and risk management, and (iii) be supported by strong corporate governance, including active
and effective oversight by the financial institution s board of directors. 

The
Federal Reserve will review, as part of the regular, risk-focused examination process, the incentive compensation arrangements of financial
institutions, such as the Company and the Bank, that are not large, complex banking organizations. These reviews will be
tailored to each financial institution based on the scope and complexity of the institution s activities and the prevalence of
incentive compensation arrangements. The findings of the supervisory initiatives will be included in reports of examination. Deficiencies
will be incorporated into the institution s supervisory ratings, which can affect the institution s ability to make acquisitions
and take other actions. Enforcement actions may be taken against a financial institution if its incentive compensation arrangements or
related risk-management control or governance processes pose a risk to the institution s safety and soundness, and the financial
institution is not taking prompt and effective measures to correct the deficiencies. As of December 31, 2022, the Company and the Bank
have not been made aware of any instances of noncompliance with this guidance. 

Other
Laws. Banks and other depository institutions also are subject to other numerous consumer-oriented laws and regulations. These laws,
which include the Truth in Lending Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Electronic Funds Transfer
Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003 and the Fair Housing Act, require compliance
by depository institutions with various disclosure and consumer information handling requirements. These and other similar laws result
in significant costs and create potential liability for financial institutions, including the imposition of regulatory penalties for
inadequate compliance. 

Future
Regulatory Uncertainty. Because federal and state regulation of financial institutions changes regularly and is the subject of constant
legislative debate, New Peoples cannot forecast how regulation of financial institutions may change in the future and impact its operations.
New Peoples fully expects that the financial institution industry will remain heavily regulated notwithstanding the regulatory relief
that has been recently adopted. 

Item 1A. Risk
 Factors 

Not
required. 

Item 1B. Unresolved
 Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company's net investment in premises and equipment was 19.3 million. Our main office and operations center
are in Honaker, Virginia, which includes a full-service branch, and a separate administration and operations center. 

14 

The
Bank owns 13 of its 17 full-service branch offices, including its headquarters office. In addition to the headquarters in Honaker, Virginia
we own or lease branch offices located in Virginia, West Virginia, Tennessee, and a loan production office in North Carolina. Additionally,
the Bank owns an operations building housing its network and other support operations. The bank owns two former branch offices that were
closed in 2022, and the facility that formerly housed ITM network and call center operations, that was closed in 2021. The former ITM
network and call center facility was sold in March, 2023. We also own a warehouse facility in Honaker, Virginia. Our loan production
office operates from a building in Boone, North Carolina under a short-term lease renewed in June 2022. 

A
former branch office located in Jonesborough, Tennessee is used as a hub for meeting with prospective loan customers. 

During
2022, two branch locations were closed, Big Stone Gap, Virginia and Chilhowie, Virginia, with customer accounts transferred to nearby
offices. ITM services remain available at these two locations. Three former branch offices that were transferred to other real estate
owned in 2021, were sold in 2022. 

We
continue to assess our branch network as we look to improve the efficiency of our branch operations while seeking to increase market
share. 

We
believe that all of our properties are maintained in good operating condition and are suitable and adequate for our operational needs. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

In
the normal course of operations, we may become a party to legal proceedings, as discussed in Note 20 Legal Contingencies to the consolidated
financial statements contained in Item 8 of this form 10-K. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a) 
Market Information 

Computershare
Investor Services is the stock transfer agent for New Peoples Bankshares, Inc. The common stock of New Peoples is quoted on the OTC Market s
Pink Open Market under the symbol NWPP . The volume of trading of shares of common stock is very limited. Trades in our
common stock occur sporadically on a local basis and typically in small volumes. Over-the-Counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer
prices without retail mark up, mark down or commissions and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

The
most recent sales price of which management is aware was 2.25 per share on March 20, 2023. 

(b) 
Holders 

On
March 22, 2023, there were approximately 4,060 shareholders of record. 

(c) Dividends 

Any
declaration of dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, capital requirements, growth strategies, and compliance with regulatory
mandates, principally at the Bank level, since the Company s primary source of income is dividends paid by the Bank. During the
first quarter of 2022, the Company paid its first cash dividend of 0.05 per common share to our shareholders. On February 27, 2023,
the Company declared a dividend of 0.06 per share, payable March 31, 2023 to shareholders of record as of March 15, 2023. 

15 

We
are subject to certain dividend restrictions and capital requirements imposed by the Federal Reserve Bank as well as Virginia statutes
and regulations. See Note 16, Dividend Limitations on Subsidiary Bank, and Note 21, Capital, to the consolidated financial statements
contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

The
Company has an approved one-year stock repurchase program that authorizes the repurchase of up to 500,000 of the Company s common
shares through March 31, 2023. Repurchases may be made through open market purchases or in privately negotiated transactions. Shares
repurchased will be returned to the status of authorized and unissued shares of common stock. The actual means and timing of any purchases,
number of shares and prices or range of prices will be determined by the Company. 

Shares
of the Company s common stock were repurchased during the three months ended December 31, 2022, as detailed below. Under the terms
of the stock repurchase program, the Company has the remaining authority to repurchase up to 426,405 shares of common stock. On February
27, 2023, the board of directors approved an extension of the repurchase program through March 31, 2024. 

Period
 Beginning on First Day of Month Ended 

Total
 Number of Shares Purchased 

Average
 Price Paid Per Share 
 
 Total
 Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
 
 Maximum
 Number of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under Plans or Programs 
 
 October
 31, 2022 

5,290

2.30 
 
 5,290

450,225

November
 30, 2022 

7,436

2.31 
 
 7,436

442,789

December
 31, 2022 

16,384

2.40 
 
 16,384

426,405

Total 
 
 29,110

2.36 
 
 29,110

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Not
applicable. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Caution
About Forward Looking Statements 

We
make forward looking statements in this annual report on Form 10-K that are subject to risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking
statements include statements regarding expectations, intentions, projections and beliefs concerning our profitability, liquidity, and
allowance for loan losses, interest rate sensitivity, market risk, growth strategy, and financial and other goals. The words believes, 
 expects, may, will, should, projects, contemplates, 
 anticipates, forecasts, intends, or other similar words or terms are intended to identify forward
looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on various factors and were derived using numerous assumptions as of the
date of this Form 10-K, and are subject to significant risks. 

16 

Important
factors that may cause actual results to differ from projections include: 

the
success or failure of our efforts to implement our business plan; 

 any
required increase in our regulatory capital ratios; 

 satisfying
other regulatory requirements that may arise from examinations, changes in the law and other similar factors; 

 deterioration
of asset quality; 

 changes
in the level of our nonperforming assets and charge-offs; 

 fluctuations
of real estate values in our markets; 

 our
ability to attract and retain talent; 

 demographical
changes in our markets which negatively impact the local economy; 

 the
uncertain outcome of current or future legislation or regulations or policies of state and federal regulators; 

 the
successful management of interest rate risk; 

 the
successful management of liquidity; 

 changes
in general economic and business conditions in our market area and the United States in general; 

 credit
risks inherent in making loans such as changes in a borrower s ability to repay and our management of such risks; 

 competition
with other banks and financial institutions, and companies outside of the banking industry, including online lenders and those companies
that have substantially greater access to capital and other resources; 

 demand,
development and acceptance of new products and services we have offered or may offer; 

 deposit
flows and competition for deposits; 

 the
effects of, and changes in, trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including interest rate policies of the Federal Reserve, inflation,
interest rate, market and monetary fluctuations; 

 the
occurrence of significant natural disasters, including severe weather conditions, floods, health related issues (including the lingering
impact of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and other catastrophic events; 

 geopolitical
conditions, including acts or threats of terrorism, international hostilities, or actions taken by the U.S. or other governments in response
to acts or threats of terrorism and/or military conflicts, which could impact business and economic conditions in the U.S. and abroad; 

 technology
utilized by us; 

 our
ability to successfully manage cyber security; 

 our
reliance on third-party vendors and correspondent banks; 

 changes
in generally accepted accounting principles; 

 changes
in the allowance for loan losses resulting from the adoption and implementation of the CECL methodology; 

 the
transition from the use of the LIBOR index; 

 changes
in governmental regulations, tax rates and similar matters; and, 

 other
risks, which may be described, from time to time, in our filings with the SEC. 

Because
of these uncertainties, our actual future results may be materially different from the results indicated by these forward-looking statements.
In addition, our past results of operations do not necessarily indicate our future results. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update
or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

General 

The
following commentary discusses major components of our business and presents an overview of our consolidated financial position as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, as well as results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. This discussion should be
reviewed in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes and other statistical information presented
elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

New
Peoples generates a significant amount of its income from the net interest income earned by the Bank. Net interest income is the difference
between interest income and interest expense. Interest income depends on the volume of interest-earning assets outstanding during the
period and the interest rates earned thereon. The Bank's interest expense is a function of the average amount of interest-bearing deposits
and borrowed money outstanding during the period and the interest rates paid thereon. The quality of the assets further influences the
amount of interest income lost on nonaccruing loans and the amount of provision expense added to the allowance for loan losses. The Bank
also generates noninterest income from service charges and fees on deposit accounts, debit and credit card interchange income, and commissions
on insurance and investment products sold. 

17 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Certain
critical accounting policies affect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements.
Our most critical accounting estimates relate to our provision for loan losses and the calculation of our deferred tax asset and any
related valuation allowance. 

The
provision for loan losses reflects the estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments. If the
financial condition of our borrowers were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, our estimates
would be updated, and additional provisions could be required. For further discussion of the estimates used in determining the allowance
for loan losses, we refer you to the section on Allowance for Loan Losses in this discussion. 

For
further discussion of our other critical accounting policies, see Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to our consolidated
financial statements, contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

Cyber
Security 

The
Company, primarily through the Bank, depends on its ability to continuously process, record and monitor a large number of customer transactions,
and customer, public and regulatory expectations regarding operational and information security have increased over time. Accordingly,
the Company s and its subsidiaries operational systems and infrastructure must continue to be safeguarded and monitored
for potential failures, disruptions and breakdowns. Although the Company has business continuity plans and other safeguards in place,
disruptions or failures in the physical infrastructure or operating systems that support its businesses and customers, or cyber-attacks
or security breaches of the networks, systems or devices on which customers personal information is stored and that customers
use to access the Company s and its subsidiaries products and services could result in customer attrition, regulatory fines,
penalties or intervention, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensation costs, and/or additional compliance costs, any of
which could materially adversely affect the Company s results of operations or financial condition. 

Although
to date the Company has not experienced any material losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches, there can
be no assurance that it or its subsidiaries will not suffer such losses in the future. On June 15, 2022, we experienced a cybersecurity
incident that temporarily interrupted the operability of our computer systems. Limited operations were restored June 17, 2022, and full
operations were restored June 21, 2022. Since that date, restoration efforts have been completed and normal operations have resumed.
The Company s risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because of, among other things, the evolving nature of these
threats, our plans to continue to implement our e-banking and mobile banking channel strategies and develop additional remote connectivity
solutions to serve our customers when and how they want to be served. As a result, cyber security and the continued development and enhancement
of the Company s controls, processes and practices, designed to protect its and its subsidiaries systems, computers, software,
data and networks from attack, damage or unauthorized access, remain a priority for the Company. As cyber threats continue to evolve,
the Company has expended resources and may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance its
protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. 

As
discussed under the heading Supervision and Regulation in Item 1 of this Form 10-K, the federal banking agencies have issued
a joint rule that requires banking organizations to notify their primary regulator as soon as possible and no later than 36 hours after
any cyber-security incident has occurred. 

Overview

The
Company made significant progress during 2022 resulting in the highest annual consolidated net income in the history of the Company.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, net income was 8.1 million, or basic and diluted net income per share of 0.34, compared to a
net income of 7.0 million, or basic and diluted net income per share of 0.29, for the year ended December 31, 2021, an improvement
of 1.1 million, or 15.3 . Retained earnings increased to 8.9 million as of December 31, 2022 from 2.0 million as of December 31, 2021,
an increase of 6.9 million or 339.0 . 

18 

Net
interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 28.3 million compared to 27.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021.
The improvement of 1.1 million in net interest income was primarily attributable to a 33.8 million increase in average earning assets
and rising market interest rates during the year, partially offset by a decrease in loan origination fees compared to 2021 as PPP loans
were forgiven and an increase in costs of our variable rate trust preferred securities in 2022. Net interest margin was 3.62 compared
to 3.64 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Noninterest
income was 9.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 10.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 740,000
decrease was attributable to 322,000 of gains on the sales of investment securities during the year ended December 31, 2021, 190,000
of gains on the sales of three former branch locations during the year December 31, 2021, as well as a write-down of bank owned life
insurance (BOLI) of 158,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022, and a decrease in gains and commissions on mortgage loan originations
and sales of approximately 162,000 due to the impact of rising interest rates on mortgage demand. 

Noninterest
expense was 26.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 27.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 1.3
million decrease was primarily due to valuation adjustments of other real estate owned during the year ended December 31, 2021, which
consisted of 1.1 million related to former branch locations and approximately 390,000 in net losses and write-downs on the sales of
other real estate owned. This was offset by an increase of approximately 703,000 in salaries and benefits during the year ended December
31, 2022, which is attributed to higher bonus accruals based on the Company s performance, annual wage adjustments, and adjustments
to the minimum starting salaries of employees to reflect rising costs to attract and retain talent. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, total assets decreased 19.3 million, or 2.4 , to 775.4 million. Loans receivable decreased 9.1
million, or 1.5 , during 2022, which is partly attributable to several large borrowers selling their businesses or collateral and paying
off the related loans. Additionally, loan pricing remains very competitive in the Company s market and has impacted loan originations.
Investment securities decreased 11.0 million in 2022, which is primarily due to the decline in the market value of the investment portfolio
due to rising interest rates. 

Total
deposits declined 14.8 million, or 2.1 , during 2022, with most of the decline occurring during the fourth quarter as competition for
funding intensified. 

New
Peoples Bank remains well-capitalized. Leverage ratio improved to 10.40 . 

The
Company s key performance indicators are as follows: 

Year
 ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Return
 on average assets 
 0.99 
 0.88 
 
 Return
 on average shareholders equity 
 13.89 
 11.52 
 
 Average
 shareholders equity to average assets ratio 
 7.10 
 7.62 

Net
Interest Income and Net Interest Margin 

The
Company s primary source of income is net interest income, which increased 1.1 million, or 3.95 , in 2022 compared to 2021 due
primarily to a 33.8 million increase in average earning assets and rising market interest rates during the year. This was offset by
an increase in interest expense on borrowed funds of approximately 777,000, or 171.5 , related to the increase in variable rates on
trust preferred securities as well as an increase in borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) during the year. The decrease
in interest income on loans, including fees, was driven by a decrease in fees of 1.8 million resulting from PPP loan forgiveness in
2021 that did not reoccur during 2022. 

The
following table shows the rates paid on earning assets and deposit liabilities for the periods indicated. 

19 

Net
 Interest Margin Analysis 
 Average
 Balances, Income and Expense, and Yields and Rates 

(Dollars
 in thousands) 

For
 the year ended 
 
 For
 the year ended 

December
 31, 2022 
 
 December
 31, 2021 

Average 
 
 Income/ 
 
 Yields/ 
 
 Average 
 
 Income/ 
 
 Yields/ 

Balance 
 
 Expense 
 
 Rates 
 
 Balance 
 
 Expense 
 
 Rates 
 
 ASSETS 

Loans
 (1) (2) 
 
 591,179 
 
 27,739 
 
 4.69 
 
 586,963 
 
 28,323 
 
 4.83 

Federal
 funds sold 
 
 332 
 
 8 
 
 2.41 
 
 212 
 
 - 
 
 0.10 

Interest
 bearing deposits in other banks 
 
 76,560 
 
 1,514 
 
 1.98 
 
 78,583 
 
 95 
 
 0.12 

Taxable
 investment securities 
 
 113,141 
 
 2,129 
 
 1.88 
 
 81,635 
 
 1,494 
 
 1.83 

Total
 earning assets 
 
 781,212 
 
 31,390 
 
 4.02 
 
 747,393 
 
 29,912 
 
 4.00 

Less: allowance
 for loans losses 
 
 (6,790) 

(7,034) 

Non-earning
 assets 
 
 40,657 

58,398 

Total
 assets 
 
 815,079 

798,757 

LIABILITIES
 AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Interest-bearing
 demand deposits 
 
 74,786 
 
 98 
 
 0.13 
 
 59,154 
 
 59 
 
 0.10 

Savings
 and money market deposits 
 
 191,136 
 
 260 
 
 0.13 
 
 181,736 
 
 148 
 
 0.08 

Time
 deposits 
 
 188,010 
 
 1,517 
 
 0.81 
 
 214,937 
 
 2,041 
 
 0.95 

Short-term
 borrowings 
 
 20,370 
 
 501 
 
 2.46 
 
 2,474 
 
 33 
 
 1.33 

Trust
 preferred securities 
 
 16,496 
 
 729 
 
 4.42 
 
 16,496 
 
 420 
 
 2.55 

Total
 interest-bearing liabilities 
 
 490,798 
 
 3,105 
 
 0.63 
 
 474,797 
 
 2,701 
 
 0.57 

Non-interest-bearing
 deposits 
 
 261,834 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 254,911 
 
 - 
 
 -

Total
 deposit liabilities and cost of funds 
 
 752,632 
 
 3,105 
 
 0.41 
 
 729,708 
 
 2,701 
 
 0.37 

Other
 liabilities 
 
 4,248 

8,178 

Total
 liabilities 
 
 756,880 

737,886 

Shareholders 
 equity 
 
 58,199 

60,871 

Total
 liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 815,079 

798,757 

Net
 interest income 

28,285 

27,211 

Net
 interest margin 
 3.62 
 
 3.64 

Net
 interest spread 
 3.39 
 
 3.43 

(1) Nonaccrual
 loans have been included in average loan balances. 

(2) Tax
 exempt income is not significant and has been treated as fully taxable. 

Net
interest income is affected by changes in both average interest rates and average volumes (balances) of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing
liabilities. The following tables set forth the amounts of the total changes in interest income and interest expense which can be attributed
to rates, volume and a combination of rates and volume, for the periods indicated. 

20 

Volume
 and Rate Analysis 
 
 Increase
 (decrease) 

Year
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 
 (Dollars
 in thousands) 
 
 Volume
 Effect 
 
 Rate
 Effect 
 
 Rate
 and Volume Effect 
 
 Change
 in Interest Income/ Expense 
 
 Interest
 Income: 

Loans 
 
 206 
 
 (784) 
 
 (6) 
 
 (584) 

Federal
 funds sold 
 
 - 
 
 5 
 
 3 
 
 8 

Interest
 bearing deposits in other banks 
 
 (2) 
 
 1,459 
 
 (38) 
 
 1,419 

Taxable
 investment securities 
 
 577 
 
 42 
 
 16 
 
 635 

Total
 Earning Assets 
 
 781 
 
 722 
 
 (25) 
 
 1,478 

Interest
 Expense: 

Interest-bearing
 demand deposits 
 
 16 
 
 19 
 
 4 
 
 39 

Savings
 and money market deposits 
 
 8 
 
 99 
 
 5 
 
 112 

Time
 deposits 
 
 (282) 
 
 (281) 
 
 39 
 
 (524) 

Short-term
 borrowings 
 
 239 
 
 28 
 
 201 
 
 468 

Trust
 preferred securities 
 
 - 
 
 309 
 
 - 
 
 309 

Total
 Interest-bearing Liabilities 
 
 (19) 
 
 174 
 
 249 
 
 404 

Change
 in Net Interest Income 
 
 800 
 
 548 
 
 (274) 
 
 1,074 

Volume
 and Rate Analysis 
 
 Increase
 (decrease) 

Year
 2021 Compared to 2020 
 
 (Dollars
 in thousands) 
 
 Volume
 Effect 
 
 Rate
 Effect 
 
 Rate
 and Volume Effect 
 
 Change
 in Interest Income/ Expense 
 
 Interest
 Income: 

Loans 
 
 395 
 
 (700) 
 
 (10) 
 
 (315) 

Federal
 funds sold 
 
 - 
 
 (1) 
 
 - 
 
 (1) 

Interest
 bearing deposits in other banks 
 
 59 
 
 (134) 
 
 (38) 
 
 (113) 

Taxable
 investment securities 
 
 830 
 
 (309) 
 
 (216) 
 
 305 

Total
 Earning Assets 
 
 1,284 
 
 (1,144) 
 
 (264) 
 
 (124) 

Interest
 Expense: 

Interest-bearing
 demand deposits 
 
 21 
 
 (25) 
 
 (7) 
 
 (11) 

Savings
 and money market deposits 
 
 81 
 
 (239) 
 
 (54) 
 
 (212) 

Time
 deposits 
 
 (568) 
 
 (1,460) 
 
 215 
 
 (1,813) 

Short-term
 borrowings 
 
 (34) 
 
 (1) 
 
 - 
 
 (35) 

Trust
 preferred securities 
 
 - 
 
 (121) 
 
 - 
 
 (121) 

Total
 Interest-bearing Liabilities 
 
 (500) 
 
 (1,846) 
 
 154 
 
 (2,192) 

Change
 in Net Interest Income 
 
 1,784 
 
 702 
 
 (418) 
 
 2.068 

21 

The
increases in interest income and interest expense during 2022 were driven mainly by increased interest rates, as short-term assets and
liabilities tied to short-term rates adjusted to market rate increases throughout the year, new production at higher rates, and asset
yields outpacing increases in funding costs in the rising interest rate environment. Overall, our net interest margin decreased 2 basis
points to 3.62 in 2022 compared to 3.64 in 2021. 

The
increase in interest income is primarily attributed to an increase in yields on overnight deposits with banks, which was mainly driven
by higher market rates, as noted above, combined with a reinvesting of funds in investment securities at higher rates. This increased
income offset a decrease in loan interest Overall, loan interest income, including fees, decreased 584,000 during the year ended December
31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021, due to the impact of PPP loan fees recognized in 2021, that was not repeated in 2022. 

Interest
expense increased 404,000, due primarily to an increase in the average balance of FHLB advances of 20.4 million during the year, combined
with increased market rates on trust preferred securities. This was offset by a decrease in interest expense on time deposits due to
a reduction in volume and rate. While rates on time deposits reset at lower rates during 2022, this trend is not expected to continue
into 2023, due to the continuing increase in interest rates, combined with the competitive pressures to acquire and retain deposits. 

Our
future interest rate structure has been impacted by the commencement of the end of the use of LIBOR, which will completely phase-out
in 2023. We use LIBOR in pricing some of a limited number of our interest earning assets and liabilities, including our trust preferred
securities. Certain loan and investment products ceased using LIBOR in 2021, for new contracts and commitments. Most of these contracts
have been, or will be, replaced with the secured overnight funding rate (SOFR). 

Loans 

Our
primary source of income is interest earned on loans. Total gross loans decreased 9.1 million during 2022, or 1.54 , to 584.6 million
as of December 31, 2022 as compared to 593.7 million at December 31, 2021. The primary drivers of this decrease in total loans were
a reduction in commercial real estate loans, multifamily, and commercial loans of 9.1 million, 3.3 million, and 7.6 million, respectively.
This was offset by an increase in construction and land development loans of 10.1 million in comparison to December 31, 2021. The decrease
in commercial real estate and commercial loans was partly attributable to several large borrowers selling their businesses or collateral
and paying off the related loans. For more detail on loan balances, refer to Note 6 of the consolidated financial statements contained
in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

Nonaccrual
loans increased approximately 472,000 during 2022 from 2.9 million as of December 31, 2021 to 3.4 million as of December 31, 2022.
Nonaccrual loans negatively affect interest income as these loans are nonearning assets. When doubt
about the collectability of a loan exists, it is the Bank s policy to stop accruing interest on that loan under the following
circumstances: (a) whenever we are advised by the borrower that scheduled payment or interest payments cannot be met, (b) when
conditions indicate that payment of principal and interest can no longer be expected, or (c) when any such loan becomes delinquent
for 90 days and is not both well secured and in the process of collection. All interest accrued but not collected on loans that are placed
on nonaccrual is charged off and reversed against interest income in the current period. In the case of a nonaccrual loan that is well
secured and in the process of collection, the interest accrued but not collected is not reversed. Interest received on these loans is
accounted for on the cash basis or cost-recovery method until qualifying for return to accrual. Generally, loans are returned to accrual
status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current, six consecutive timely payments are made, and
prospects for future contractual payments are reasonably assured. For more detail on nonaccrual loans, refer to Note 6 of the consolidated
financial statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

Impaired
loan balances decreased during 2022, to 2.7 million as of December 31, 2022, from 2.8 million as of December 31, 2021. I nterest
income and cash receipts on impaired loans are handled differently depending on whether or not the loan is on nonaccrual status. If the
impaired loan is not on nonaccrual status, the interest income on the loan is computed using the effective interest method. For
more detail on impaired loan balances, refer to Note 6 of the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

22 

The
following table presents the dollar composition and percentage of our loan portfolio as of December 31: 

Loan
 Composition 

2022 
 2021 
 
 (Dollars
 in thousands) 

Real
 estate secured: 

Commercial 
 197,069 
 33.7 
 206,162 
 34.7 
 
 Construction
 and land development 
 42,470 
 7.3 
 32,325 
 5.4 
 
 Residential
 1-4 family 
 227,232 
 38.9 
 224,530 
 37.8 
 
 Multifamily 
 29,710 
 5.1 
 33,048 
 5.6 
 
 Farmland 
 17,744 
 3.0 
 18,735 
 3.2 
 
 Total
 real estate loans 
 514,225 
 88.0 
 514,800 
 86.7 
 
 Commercial 
 46,697 
 8.0 
 54,325 
 9.1 
 
 Agriculture 
 3,756 
 0.6 
 4,021 
 0.7 
 
 Consumer
 installment loans 
 19,309 
 3.3 
 18,756 
 3.2 
 
 All
 other loans 
 626 
 0.1 
 1,842 
 0.3 
 
 Total
 loans 
 584,613 
 100.0 
 593,744 
 100.0 
 
 Less:
 allowance for loan losses 
 6,727 
 
 6,735 

Total 
 577,886 
 
 587,009 

Our
loan maturities, and distribution between fixed and variable rate loans as of December 31, 2022 are shown in the following tables : 

Maturities
 of Loans 
 
 (Dollars
 in thousands) 
 Less
 than One Year 
 One
 to Five Years 
 Five
 to Fifteen Years 
 After
 Fifteen Years 
 Total 
 
 Real
 estate secured: 

Commercial 
 11,285 
 39,525 
 73,958 
 72,301 
 197,069 
 
 Construction
 and land development 
 7,511 
 10,491 
 10,664 
 13,804 
 42,470 
 
 Residential
 1-4 family 
 7,255 
 22,850 
 85,214 
 111,913 
 227,232 
 
 Multifamily 
 1,152 
 5,342 
 11,178 
 12,038 
 29,710 
 
 Farmland 
 1,995 
 2,843 
 8,400 
 4,506 
 17,744 
 
 Total
 real estate loans 
 29,198 
 81,051 
 189,414 
 214,562 
 514,225 
 
 Commercial 
 15,853 
 22,929 
 5,487 
 2,428 
 46,697 
 
 Agriculture 
 1,276 
 2,324 
 
 156 
 3,756 
 
 Consumer
 installment loans 
 3,192 
 14,804 
 1,293 
 20 
 19,309 
 
 All
 other loans 
 295 
 331 

626 
 
 Total 
 49,814 
 121,439 
 196,194 
 217,166 
 584,613 

23 

The
following table presents the dollar amount of fixed rate and variable rate loans with maturities greater than one year as of December
31, 2022: 

(Dollars
 in thousands) 
 Fixed
 Rate 
 Variable
 Rate 
 
 Real
 estate secured: 

Commercial 
 75,192 
 110,592 
 
 Construction
 and land development 
 17,756 
 17,203 
 
 Residential
 1-4 family 
 90,416 
 129,561 
 
 Multifamily 
 12,651 
 15,907 
 
 Farmland 
 3,069 
 12,680 
 
 Total
 real estate loans 
 199,084 
 285,943 
 
 Commercial 
 23,975 
 6,869 
 
 Agriculture 
 2,287 
 193 
 
 Consumer
 installment loans 
 15,032 
 1,085 
 
 All
 other loans 
 331 

Total 
 240,709 
 294,090 

Contractual
maturities of loans do not reflect the actual term of our loan portfolio. The average life of mortgage loans is substantially less than
the contractual life due to prepayments and enforcement of due on sale clauses. Scheduled principal amortization also reduces the average
life of the loan portfolio. The average life of mortgage loans tends to increase when current market mortgage rates are substantially
above rates on existing loans while the average life decreases when rates on existing loans are substantially above current market rates. 

Some
variable rate loans may not reprice, or fully reprice, at their next reset date due to instances where the reset rate may not be above
the rate floor, or may be more than the allowable rate increase under the terms of the loan. In these instances, it may take several
reset periods before these loans are fully adjusted. 

Allowance
for Loan Losses 

The
methodology we use to calculate the allowance for loan losses is considered a critical accounting policy. The adequacy of the allowance
for loan losses is based upon management s judgment and analysis. The following factors are included in our evaluation of determining
the adequacy of the allowance: risk characteristics of the loan portfolio, current and historical loss experience, concentrations, and
internal and external factors such as general economic conditions. 

During
the fourth quarter of 2021, in response to rising price inflation, we added inflation to the economic factors considered in the model.
Throughout 2022, we continued to adjust external factors impacting the allowance for loan loss model to best reflect changes in the general
and local economies, the increasing interest rate environment, and the risks in the portfolio. 

The
allowance is increased by a provision for loan losses, which is charged to expense and reduced by charge-offs, net of recoveries. Loans
are charged against the allowance for loan losses when management believes that collectability of all or part of the principal is unlikely.
Subsequent to charging off a loan, management makes best efforts to recover any charged-off balances. 

The
allowance for loan losses remained at 6.7 million as of December 31, 2022. The allowance for loan losses at the end of 2022 was approximately
1.15 of total loans as compared to 1.13 at the end of 2021. Provisions for loan losses of approximately 625,000 and 372,000 were
recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Loans charged off, net of recoveries, totaled approximately
 633,000, or 0.11 of average loans, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to approximately 828,000, or 0.14 of average loans,
in 2021. The allowance for loan losses is being maintained at a level that management deems appropriate to absorb any potential future
losses and known impairments within the loan portfolio whether or not the losses are actually ever realized. 

Nonaccrual
loans present higher risks of default, and we have experienced an increase in the volume of these loans during 2022, while the number
of nonaccrual loans decreased. As of December 31, 2022, there were 41 nonaccrual loans totaling 3.4 million, or 0.58 of total loans.
As of December 31, 2021, there were 65 nonaccrual loans totaling 2.9 million, or 0.50 of total loans. The amount of interest income
that would have been recognized on these loans had they been accruing interest was approximately 10,000 and 223,000 in the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were no loans past due 90 days or greater and still accruing interest at either December
31, 2022 or 2021. There are no commitments to lend additional funds to non-performing borrowers. 

24 

A
majority of our loans are collateralized by real estate located in our market area. It is our policy to sufficiently collateralize loans
to help minimize exposure to losses in cases of default. Increasing real estate values in our area have reduced this exposure somewhat.
However, while we consider our market area to be somewhat diverse, certain areas are more reliant upon agriculture, coal mining and natural
gas. As a result, increased risk of loan impairments is possible due to the volatile nature of the coal mining and natural gas industries.
As a result of the lingering economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, a number of industries have been identified as posing increased
risk. Specifically, residential and commercial rentals, hotels, restaurants and entertainment, and the coal and gas industries have been
adversely impacted by the global and domestic economic slowdown coupled with rising inflation. We are monitoring these industries and
consider these segments to be the primary higher risks in the loan portfolio. 

Commercial
and commercial real estate loans are initially risk rated by the originating loan officer. If deterioration in the financial condition
of the borrower and/or their capacity to repay the debt occurs, the loan may be downgraded by the loan officer or our watch list committee.
Guidance for risk rate grading is established by the regulatory authorities who periodically review the Bank s loan portfolio for
compliance. Classifications used by the Bank are Pass, Special Mention, Substandard, Doubtful and Loss. 

With
regard to the Bank s consumer and consumer real estate loan portfolio, we use the guidance found in the Uniform Retail Credit Classification
and Account Management Policy which affects our estimate of the allowance for loan losses. Under this approach, a consumer or consumer
real estate loan must initially have a credit risk grade of Pass or better. Subsequently, if the loan becomes contractually 90 days past
due or the borrower files for bankruptcy protection, the loan is downgraded to Substandard and placed in nonaccrual status. If the loan
is unsecured upon being deemed Substandard, the entire loan amount is charged-off. 

For
non-1-4 family residential loans that are 90 days or more past due or in bankruptcy, the collateral value less estimated liquidation
costs are compared to the loan balance to calculate any potential deficiency. If the collateral is sufficient, then no charge-off is
necessary. If a deficiency exists, then upon the loan becoming contractually 120 days past due, the deficiency is charged-off against
the allowance for loan loss. In the case of 1-4 family residential or home equity loans, upon the loan becoming 120 days past due, a
current value is obtained and after application of an estimated liquidation discount, a comparison is made to the loan balance to calculate
any deficiency. Subsequently, any noted deficiency is then charged-off against the allowance for loan loss when the loan becomes contractually
180 days past due. If the customer has filed bankruptcy, then within 60 days of the bankruptcy notice, any calculated deficiency is charged-off
against the allowance for loan loss. Collection efforts continue by means of repossessions or foreclosures, and upon bank ownership,
liquidation ensues. 

All
loans of 250,000 or more, along with selected other credits, classified as substandard, doubtful or loss are individually reviewed for
impairment in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 310-10-35. The increase in the threshold to 250,000 during 2022,
did not significantly impact level of loans assessment for impairment. In evaluating impairment, a current appraisal is generally used
to determine if the collateral is sufficient. Appraisals are typically less than a year old and must be independently reviewed to be
relied upon. If the appraisal is not current, we perform a useful life review of the appraisal to determine if it is reasonable. 
If this review determines that the appraisal is not reasonable, then a new appraisal is ordered. Impaired loan balances decreased during
2022, to 2.7 million, with a related allowance of approximately 86,000, as of December 31, 2022, from 2.8 million, with a related
allowance of approximately 166,000, as of December 31, 2021. Management is aggressively working to reduce the impaired credits at minimal
loss. 

In
determining the component of our allowance in accordance with the Contingencies topic of the Accounting Standards Codification (ASC 450),
we do not directly consider the potential for outdated appraisals since that portion of our allowance is based on the analysis of the
performance of loans with similar characteristics, and external and internal risk factors. We consider the overall quality of our underwriting
process in our internal risk factors, but the need to update appraisals is associated with loans identified as impaired under the Receivables
topic of the Accounting Standards Codification (ASC 310). If an appraisal is older than one year, a new external certified appraisal
may be obtained and used to determine impairment. If an exposure exists, a specific allowance is directly made in the amount of the potential
loss, in addition to estimated liquidation and disposal costs. The evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that
are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. 

25 

In
addition to impaired loans, the remaining loan portfolio is evaluated based on net charge-off history, economic conditions, and internal
processes. To calculate the net charge-off history factor, we perform a 12-quarter look-back and use the average net charge offs as a
percentage of the loan balances. To calculate the economic conditions factor, we use current economic data which includes national and
local unemployment information, local housing price changes, gross domestic product growth, and interest rates. Lastly, we evaluate our
internal processes of underwriting and consider the inherent risks present in the portfolio due to past and present lending practices.
As economic conditions, performance of our loans, and internal processes change, it is possible that future increases or decreases may
be needed to the allowance for loan losses. 

Selected
 Credit Ratios 

December
 31, 
 
 (Dollars
 in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Allowance
 for loan losses 
 6,727 
 6,735 
 
 Total
 loans 
 584,613 
 593,744 
 
 Allowance
 for loan losses to total loans 
 1.15 
 1.13 
 
 Nonaccrual
 loans 
 3,413 
 2,941 
 
 Nonaccrual
 loans to total loans 
 0.58 
 0.50 

Ratio
 of allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans 
 1.97 X 
 2.29 X 

Charge-offs
 net of recoveries 
 633 
 828 
 
 Average
 loans 
 591,179 
 586,963 
 
 Net charge-offs
 to average loans 
 0.11 
 0.14 

The
above table includes 823,000 and 1.1 million in nonaccrual loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which have been classified
as troubled debt restructurings. No troubled debt restructurings were past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest as of December
31, 2022 or 2021. There were 2.0 million in loans classified as troubled debt restructurings as of December 31, 2022, as compared to
 2.5 million in loans classified as troubled debt restructurings as of December 31, 2021. For more detail on nonaccrual, impaired, past
due and restructured loans, refer to Note 6 and Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

The
following table shows the average balance, net charge-offs or recoveries and percentage of net charge-offs or recoveries by each major
category of loans for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December
 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 (Dollars
 in thousands) 
 Average
 Balance 
 Net
 Charge-offs (Recoveries) 
 Net
 Charge-offs (Recoveries) as of Average Loan Type 
 Average
 Balance 
 Net
 Charge-offs (Recoveries) 
 Net
 Charge-offs (Recoveries) as of Average Loan Type 
 
 Real
 estate secured: 

Commercial 
 202,435 
 (28 
 -0.01 
 194,517 
 913 
 0.47 
 
 Construction
 and land development 
 39,986 
 143 
 0.36 
 28,820 
 (6 
 -0.02 
 
 Residential
 1-4 family 
 225,334 
 (36 
 -0.02 
 220,524 
 (37 
 -0.02 
 
 Multifamily 
 32,768 
 109 
 0.33 
 23,840 
 
 0.00 
 
 Farmland 
 18,022 
 (13 
 -0.07 
 19,144 
 (29 
 -0.15 
 
 Total
 real estate loans 
 518,545 
 175 
 0.03 
 486,845 
 841 
 0.17 
 
 Commercial 
 48,093 
 14 
 0.03 
 74,711 
 (45 
 -0.06 
 
 Agriculture 
 3,823 
 
 0.00 
 4,095 
 (1 
 -0.02 
 
 Consumer
 and all other loans 
 19,235 
 444 
 2.31 
 19,441 
 33 
 0.17 
 
 Unallocated 
 1,483 
 
 0.00 
 1,871 
 
 0.00 
 
 Total
 loans 
 591,179 
 633 
 0.11 
 586,963 
 828 
 0.14 

26 

The
following table shows the balance and percentage of our allowance for loan losses allocated to each major category of loans. 

Allocation
of the Allowance for Loan Losses 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 
 
 (Dollars
 in thousands) 
 Amount 
 
 of ALLL 
 
 of Loans 
 Amount 
 
 of ALLL 
 
 of Loans 
 
 Real
 estate secured: 

Commercial 
 2,364 
 35.1 
 33.7 
 2,134 
 31.7 
 34.7 
 
 Construction
 and land development 
 345 
 5.2 
 7.3 
 189 
 2.8 
 5.4 
 
 Residential
 1-4 family 
 2,364 
 35.1 
 38.9 
 2,237 
 33.2 
 37.8 
 
 Multifamily 
 262 
 3.9 
 5.1 
 254 
 3.8 
 5.6 
 
 Farmland 
 153 
 2.3 
 3.0 
 149 
 2.2 
 3.2 
 
 Total
 real estate loans 
 5,488 
 81.6 
 88.00 
 4,963 
 73.7 
 86.7 
 
 Commercial 
 381 
 5.7 
 8.0 
 1,099 
 16.3 
 9.1 
 
 Agriculture 
 32 
 0.5 
 0.6 
 28 
 0.4 
 0.7 
 
 Consumer
 and all other loans 
 386 
 5.7 
 3.4 
 108 
 1.6 
 3.5 
 
 Unallocated 
 440 
 6.5 
 
 537 
 8.0 

Total 
 6,727 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 6,735 
 100.0 
 100.0 

We
have allocated the allowance according to the amount deemed to be reasonably necessary to provide for the possibility of losses being
incurred within each of the categories of loans. The allocation of the allowance as shown in the table above should not be interpreted
as an indication that loan losses in future years will occur in the same proportions or that the allocation indicates future loan loss
trends. Furthermore, the portion allocated to each loan category is not the total amount available for future losses that might occur
within such categories since the total allowance is a general allowance applicable to the entire portfolio. 

The
allocation of the allowance for loan losses is based on our judgment of the relative risk associated with each type of loan. We have
allocated 35.1 of the allowance to commercial real estate loans, which constituted 33.7 of our loan portfolio at December 31, 2022.
This allocation increased slightly compared to the 31.7 in 2021, due primarily to the impact of the external factors considered as part
of the determination of the overall allowance for loan losses. We have allocated 5.7 of the allowance to commercial loans, which constituted
8.0 of our loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. This allocation percentage decreased compared to December 31, 2021, due to a lower loss
rate on commercial loans for the historical period assessed in the loan loss model for 2022. 

Both
residential and commercial real estate loans are secured by real estate whose value tends to be easily ascertainable. These loans are
made consistent with appraisal policies and real estate lending policies, which detail maximum loan-to-value ratios and maturities. 

We
allocated 5.2 of the allowance to real estate construction loans, which constituted 7.3 of our loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022.
Construction loans are secured by real estate with values that are dependent upon market and economic conditions. Additionally, these
credits are generally shorter-term projects, of eighteen months or less. These loans are made consistent with appraisal policies and
real estate lending policies which detail maximum loan-to-value ratios and maturities. 

We
allocated 35.1 of the allowance to residential real estate loans, which constituted 38.9 of our loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022. 

We
allocated 5.74 of the allowance to consumer and all other loans, which constituted 3.41 of our loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022.
Our allocation increased as a percentage of the allowance for loan losses due to the impact of overdrawn deposit account losses resulting
from the cybersecurity incident, combined with a change in the treatment of deposit account charge-offs during 2022. As of December 31,
2022, we had an unallocated portion of the allowance for loan losses totaling approximately 440,000. While our legacy loan loss model
calculation did not fully allocate the entire allowance, we believe that the lingering impact of the pandemic, combined with the recent
impact of inflation warrant the maintenance of the allowance for loan losses. 

We
implemented the Current Expected Credit Loss (CECL) model to replace our legacy loan loss model for the first quarter of 2023. The cumulative
effects of this implementation were immaterial. 

27 

Other
Real Estate Owned 

Other
real estate owned decreased 1.1 million, or 80.82 , to approximately 261,000 as of December 31, 2022 from 1.4 million as of December
31, 2021. All properties are available for sale, primarily, by commercial and residential realtors under the direction of our Special
Assets division. Our aim is to reduce the level of OREO in order to reduce the level of nonperforming assets at the Bank, while keeping
in mind the impact to earnings and capital. During 2022, three former branch locations transferred to OREO in 2021 were sold, which decreased
OREO approximately 912,000. 

While
the levels of problem credits and foreclosed properties have been reduced significantly over the past several years, we remain mindful
of the impact on earnings and capital as we work to achieve our goal to reduce nonperforming assets. However, we may recognize some losses
and reductions in the allowance for loan losses as we expedite the resolution of these problem assets. 

Investment
Securities 

Total
investment securities decreased 11.3 million, or 10.51 , to 96.1 million as of December 31, 2022 from 107.4 million as of December
31, 2021. All securities are classified as available-for-sale for liquidity purposes. There were no sales of securities during the year
ended December 31, 2022. Sales of securities during 2021 totaled 7.7 million, with gains of approximately 322,000 realized. During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were maturities, calls and paydowns of 14.0 million and 16.3 million, respectively.
The Company purchased 19.8 million and 85.1 million in investment securities during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Investment securities with a carrying value of 27.3 and 12.1 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were pledged to
secure public deposits and for other purposes required, or permitted, by law. 

Our
strategy is to invest excess funds in investment securities, which typically yield more interest income than other short-term investment
options, such as federal funds sold and overnight deposits with the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond, but which still provide liquidity. 

The
fair value of our investment portfolio is substantially affected by changes in interest rates. Losses could be realized if liquidity
and/or business strategy necessitate the sale of securities in a loss position, due to Federal Reserve actions, U.S. fiscal policies
or other factors affecting market interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, we had a net unrealized loss in our investment portfolio totaling
 17.6 million as compared to a 1.0 million loss as of December 31, 2021. As market interest rates increase the level of unrealized losses
could change substantially. However, these changes would have no impact on earnings or regulatory capital, unless the securities were
sold at a loss. We have reviewed our investment portfolio and no investment security is deemed to have other than temporary impairment.
We monitor our portfolio regularly and use it to maintain liquidity, manage interest rate risk and enhance earnings. 

The
fair value and weighted average yield of investment securities as of December 31, 2022 are shown in the following schedule by contractual
maturity and do not reflect principal paydowns for amortizing securities. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities
because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. Weighted average yields
are calculated by dividing the contractual interest for each time period by the average amortized contractual cost. 

Less than One Year 
 One to Five Years 
 Five to ten years 
 After ten years 
 Total 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Fair Value 
 Average Yield 
 Fair Value 
 Average Yield 
 Fair Value 
 Average Yield 
 Fair Value 
 Average Yield 
 Fair Value 
 Average Yield 
 
 U.S Treasuries 
 971 
 3.87 
 9,281 
 1.39 
 1,433 
 1.04 

11,685 
 1.54 
 
 U.S. Government Agencies 
 1 
 4.56 
 2,992 
 3.76 
 2,091 
 3.12 
 4,315 
 2.60 
 9,399 
 3.08 
 
 Taxable municipals 

504 
 2.95 
 3,476 
 2.30 
 12,835 
 2.33 
 16,815 
 2.33 
 
 Corporate bonds 
 503 
 5.48 
 1,427 
 3.49 
 1,206 
 2.58 

3,136 
 3.43 
 
 Mortgage backed securities 

1,470 
 1.92 
 5,203 
 1.77 
 48,368 
 1.66 
 55,041 
 1.68 

1,475 
 4.51 
 15,674 
 2.12 
 13,409 
 2.11 
 65,518 
 1.86 
 96,076 
 1.97 

28 

Bank
Owned Life Insurance 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank had an aggregate total cash surrender value of 4.5 million and 4.7 million, respectively, on
life insurance policies covering former key officers. 

The
Company recorded a loss of 136,000 due to a write-down of approximately 158,000, partially offset by earnings of 22,000, during the
year ended December 31, 2022. The write-down was due to the impact of rising interest rates on the value of the underlying assets supporting
the policies. The Company recognized income of approximately 32,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Deposits 

Total
deposits were 692.7 million as of December 31, 2022, a decrease of 14.8 million, or 2.1 , from 707.5 million as of December 31, 2021.
Most of the decrease was driven by savings and money market deposits, which decreased 20.6 million, or 10.7 , to 171.5 million as of
December 31, 2022. The majority of the decline occurred during the fourth quarter of 2022 as competition for funds for lending and other
needs intensified among banks and non-banks in the Company s markets. 

Information
detailing average deposit balances and average rates paid on deposits is presented in the Net Interest Margin Analysis table contained
in the Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin section. 

Core
deposits are considered to include demand deposits and other types of transaction accounts, such as commercial relationships and savings
products, all of which decreased in 2022. Overall, we continue to maintain core deposits through attractive consumer and commercial deposit
products and strong ties with our customer base and communities. 

Time
deposits of 250,000 or more equaled approximately 3.87 of deposits at the end of 2022 and 4.00 of deposits at the end of 2021. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, uninsured deposits are estimated to be 87.5 million and 93.8 million, respectively. Included in estimated
uninsured deposits are 14.4 million and 13.6 million of public funds, for such respective periods, considered secured via pledged securities
or letters of credit we have with the FHLB. 

The
following table shows maturities of all time deposits considered uninsured by the FDIC or otherwise. 

Maturities
 of Uninsured Time Deposits 
 
 (Dollars
 in thousands) 
 
 December 31,
 2022 
 
 Three
 months or less 
 2,339 
 
 Over
 three months through six months 
 3,078 
 
 Over
 six months through twelve months 
 10,374 
 
 Over
 one year 
 5,252 
 
 Total 
 21,043 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 27.3 million and 12.1 million of securities, respectively, were pledged to collateralize public deposits,
including time deposits, held in our Tennessee offices, and as collateral for credit facilities available through FRB. Additionally,
we held letters of credit from the FHLB for 7.0 million and 12.0 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to secure public
deposits, including time deposits, held in our Virginia offices. 

We
held no brokered deposits at December 31, 2022 or 2021. Internet accounts are limited to customers located in our primary market area
and the surrounding geographical area. The average balance of and the average rate paid on deposits is shown in the net interest margin
analysis table in the Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin section. Total Certificate of Deposit Registry Service
(CDARS) time deposits were 1.4 million and 5.8 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

29 

Noninterest
Income 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, noninterest income decreased approximately 740,000, or 7.4 , to 9.2 million, or 1.1 of average assets,
from 10.0 million, or 1.3 of average assets, for the same period in 2021. The decrease was primarily attributable to non-recurring
net gains on sales of investment securities of 322,000 in 2021 and net gains on sales of fixed assets of 190,000 in 2021. During the
period immediately after the cybersecurity incident, in June 2022, we temporarily stopped assessing overdraft and certain other service
charges. we estimate that additional normalized charges of approximately 125,000 would have been realized during this period. Additionally,
the Company recognized a write-down on BOLI of 158,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022 due to declines in the market value of
the underlying investments supporting the policy related to increased interest rates. Gains and commissions on mortgage loan originations
decreased approximately 162,000 due to rising interest rates on mortgage loans. 

Noninterest
Expense 

Noninterest
expenses decreased 1.3 million, or 4.8 , to 26.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 27.9 million for the year
ended December 31, 2021. Noninterest expense as a percent of total average assets decreased to 3.2 in 2022 from 3.5 in 2021. The decrease
in noninterest expense was primarily due to a decrease of 1.7 million in occupancy and equipment expense. 

The
decrease in occupancy and equipment expense was driven nearly entirely by 1.1 million in non-recurring losses on three former branch
office locations, which were transferred into other real estate owned during the third quarter of 2021. 

The
decrease in occupancy and equipment was partially offset by a 703,000 increase in salaries and benefits expense attributable to higher
bonus accruals based on Company performance, annual performance raises, and adjustments to minimum starting salaries to reflect rising
costs to attract and retain talent. 

Our
efficiency ratio, a non-GAAP measure, which is defined as noninterest expense divided by the sum of net interest income plus noninterest
income, improved to 70.6 in 2022 compared to 75.6 in 2021. The decrease in this ratio is a result of improvements in net interest income
and noninterest expense, as discussed above and in the Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin section earlier in this
Item 7. We continue to seek opportunities to operate more efficiently through the use of technology, improving processes, reducing nonperforming
assets and increasing productivity. 

Income
Taxes and Deferred Tax Assets 

Income
taxes were 2.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1.9 million for the same period in 2021. The effective tax
rates were 22.2 , and 21.7 for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effective tax rate for the periods differed from the federal statutory
rate of 21.0 principally due to the impact of the recapture of operating loss carryforwards and applicable credits, along with the effect
of certain state income taxes. The higher effective tax rate in 2022 is the result of an increase in pre-tax earnings in relation to
the various tax preference items. 

Deferred
tax assets represent the future tax benefit of future deductible differences. If it is more likely than not that a tax asset will not
be realized, a valuation allowance is required to reduce the recorded deferred tax assets to net realizable value. The Company has evaluated
positive and negative evidence to assess the realizability of its deferred taxes. Based on the evidence, including taxable income projections,
the Company believes it is more likely than not that its deferred tax assets will be realizable. Accordingly, the Company did not include
a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Tax
positions are evaluated in a two-step process. The Company first determines whether it is more likely than not that a position will be
sustained upon examination. If a tax position meets the more likely than not recognition threshold, it is then measured to determine
the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. The tax position is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is
greater than 50 likely of being recognized. The Company classifies interest and penalties as a component of income tax expense. 

30 

Capital
Resources 

Our
total shareholders equity at the end of 2022 was 57.2 million compared to 63.6 million at the end of 2021. The decrease was
 6.4 million, or 10.1 . Book value per common share was 2.40 at December 31, 2022 compared to 2.66 at December 31, 2021. As previously
discussed, the year-over-year decline was primarily driven by the 13.1 million net increase in the accumulated other comprehensive loss
related to the unrealized loss on investment securities available-for-sale. Excluding the impact of the unrealized loss, equity increased
 6.7 million. 

During
2022, the board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to 500,000 shares of common stock through March 31, 2023. Through December
31, 2022, 73,595 shares have been repurchased at an average price of 2.33 per share. On February 27, 2023, the board of directors approved
an extension of the repurchase program through March 31, 2024. 

The
Company meets the eligibility criteria to be considered a small bank holding company in accordance with the Federal Reserve s Small
Bank Holding Company Policy Statement issued in February 2015 and does not report consolidated regulatory capital. The Bank continues
to be subject to various capital requirements administered by banking agencies. 

The
Bank is characterized as well capitalized under the prompt corrective action regulations pursuant to Section
38 of the FDIA. The capital adequacy ratios for the Bank, including the minimum ratios to be considered well capitalized, 
are set forth in Note 21, Capital, to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

The
Bank is also subject to the rules implementing the Basel III capital framework and certain related provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act.
The final rules require the Bank to comply with the following minimum capital ratios: (i) a Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio of at least
4.5 , plus a 2.5 capital conservation buffer (effectively resulting in a minimum CET1 ratio of 7 ), (ii) a ratio of Tier
1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 6.0 , plus the 2.5 capital conservation buffer (effectively resulting in a minimum Tier
1 capital ratio of 8.5 ), (iii) a ratio of total capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 8.0 , plus the 2.5 capital conservation
buffer (effectively resulting in a minimum total capital ratio of 10.5 ), and (iv) a leverage ratio of 4 , calculated as the ratio of
Tier 1 capital to average assets. The capital conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Banking
institutions with a CET1 ratio above the minimum but below the conservation buffer face constraints on dividends, equity repurchases,
and compensation based on the amount of the shortfall. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank meets all capital adequacy requirements to which
it is subject. Based upon projections, we believe our earnings will be sufficient to support the Bank s planned asset growth. 

The
Company paid its first cash dividend of 0.05 per share in 2022. On February 27, 2023, the board of directors declared a dividend of
 0.06 per share, to be paid on March 31, 2023. Future payments of cash dividends will depend on a number of factors including but not
limited to maintaining positive retained earnings, compliance with regulatory rules governing the payment of dividends, strategic plans,
and sufficient capital at the Bank to allow payment of dividends to the parent company. 

Liquidity 

We
closely monitor our liquidity and our liquid assets in the form of cash, due from banks, federal funds sold and unpledged available-for-sale
investments. Collectively, those balances were 130.5 million as of December 31, 2022, down from 159.3 million as of December 31, 2021.
As discussed previously in this Form 10-K, this change is a direct result of redeployment of excess cash into investment securities,
which generally return higher yields, while still providing liquidity, as discussed below, and the decrease in deposits. A surplus of
short-term assets is maintained at levels management deems adequate to meet potential liquidity needs. 

The
Bank s primary funding source is deposits from customers in the markets in which it provides banking services. As discussed previously,
deposits declined during the fourth quarter of 2022 as competition for deposits intensified from both bank and non-bank institutions.
The Company expects that pressure on the rates paid on deposits will continue and that it may be required to increase the rates paid
on its deposit products, possibly faster and to a higher degree not currently projected, to retain existing customers and attract new
deposit relationships to fund loans and other activities. As discussed below, the Company has other liquidity sources to manage its liquidity
needs as they arise. 

At
December 31, 2022, all of our investments are classified as available-for-sale, providing an additional source of liquidity in the amount
of 68.8 million, which is net of the 27.3 million of securities pledged as collateral. Generally, the investment portfolio serves as
a source of liquidity while yielding a higher return at the purchase date when compared to other short-term investment options, such
as federal funds sold and overnight deposits with the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond. Total investment securities decreased 11.3 million,
or 10.51 , during 2022 from 107.4 million as of December 31, 2021 to 96.1 million as of December 31, 2022. 

31 

Our
loan to deposit ratio was 84.4 as of December 31, 2022 and 83.9 as of December 31, 2021. 

Available
third-party sources of liquidity remain intact at December 31, 2022 which includes the following: our line of credit with the FHLB totaling
 200.1 million, the brokered certificates of deposit markets, internet certificates of deposit, and the discount window at the Federal
Reserve Bank of Richmond. We also have 30.0 million in unsecured federal funds lines of credit available from three correspondent banks
as of December 31, 2022. 

We
have used our line of credit with FHLB to issue a letter of credit totaling 7.0 million to the Treasury Board of Virginia for collateral
on public funds. No draws on the letter of credit have been issued. This letter of credit is considered to be a draw on our FHLB line
of credit. An additional 200.1 million was available on December 31, 2022 on the 207.1 million line of credit, of which 113.7 million
is secured by a blanket lien on our residential real estate loans. 

While
we have access to the brokered deposits market, we held no brokered deposits as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. As of December 31, 2022,
we had 1.4 million in reciprocal CDARS time deposits, compared to 5.8 million as of December 31, 2021. 

The
Bank has access to additional liquidity through the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond s Discount Window for overnight funding needs.
We have collateralized this line with investment securities; however, we do not anticipate using this funding source except as a last
resort. 

With
the on-balance sheet liquidity and other external sources of funding, we believe the Bank has adequate liquidity and capital resources
to meet our requirements and needs for the foreseeable future. However, liquidity can be further affected by a number of factors such
as, counterparty willingness or ability to extend credit, regulatory actions and customer preferences, some of which are beyond our control.
With the current economic uncertainty resulting from recovering from the lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation and the
war in Ukraine, we continue monitoring our liquidity position, specifically cash on hand in order to meet customer demands. Additionally,
our contingency funding plan is reviewed quarterly with our Asset Liability Committee. 

On
March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank (SVB) a regional banking company headquartered in Santa Clara, California, with total assets in excess
of 200 billion, was taken into receivership through FDIC, after the bank experienced a significant outflow of deposit funds fueled by
concerns of large commercial and retail deposit customers holding funds far in excess of the FDIC insured limits at SVB. These concerns
related to unrealized losses in SVB s investment portfolio combined with the long-term maturities of the investments and other
earning assets held by SVB. While we, or any other financial institution, can be impacted by sudden changes in market conditions or customer
sentiment, we believe that our funding and liquidity management strategies and procedures are sound. In addition, our deposit customer
base is diverse without significant exposure to uninsured deposit relationships. Prior to receivership of SVB our deposit fluctuations
were largely tied to cyclical events and inflows and outflows related to customers seeking higher interest rates. Since the date of the
receivership, we have not experienced any significant or unusual deposit outflows and we have taken steps to successfully test certain
liquidity facilities in the event of any future deposit outflows. 

Financial
Instruments with Off-Balance-Sheet Risk 

The
Bank is a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of
its customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. Those instruments involve,
to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the balance sheet. The contract or
notional amounts of those instruments reflect the extent of involvement the Bank has in particular classes of financial instruments. 

The
Bank s exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to
extend credit and standby letters of credit is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. The Bank uses the same credit
policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance-sheet instruments. 

32 

A
summary of the contract amount of the Bank s exposure to off-balance-sheet risk as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 (Dollars
 in thousands) 

Commitments
 to extend credit 
 84,149 
 69,015 
 
 Standby
 letters of credit 
 3,751 
 3,684 

Commitments
to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer provided there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments
generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are
expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The
Bank evaluates each customer s credit worthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary
by the Bank upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the counterparty. Collateral held varies but
may include accounts receivable, inventory, property and equipment, and income-producing commercial properties. 

Unfunded
commitments under lines of credit are commitments for possible future extensions of credit to existing customers. Those lines of credit
may not actually be drawn upon to the total extent to which the Bank is committed. In response to two bank failures in March, 2023, and
liquidity concerns for other super-regional banks, we have not experienced any significant unusual activity by borrowers drawing against
their lines of credit, nor do we anticipate experiencing such demand that might cause us to limit customer access to these lines of credit. 

Standby
letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Bank to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those guarantees
are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements, including commercial paper, bond financing, and similar transactions.
The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers.
The Bank holds certificates of deposit, deposit accounts, and real estate as collateral supporting those commitments for which collateral
is deemed necessary. 

Interest
Sensitivity 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had a negative cumulative gap rate sensitivity ratio of 17.89 for the one-year re-pricing period, compared
to 12.97 as of December 31, 2021. A negative cumulative gap generally indicates that net interest income would decline in a rising interest
rate environment as liabilities re-price more quickly than assets. Conversely, net interest income would likely increase in periods during
which interest rates are increasing. The below table is based on contractual maturities and next repricing date and does not take into
consideration prepayment speeds of investment securities and loans, nor does it consider decay rates for non-maturity deposits. When
considering these prepayment speed and decay rate assumptions, along with our ability to control the repricing of a significant portion
of the deposit portfolio, we are in a position to increase interest income in a rising interest rate environment; however, the ability
to control the repricing of the deposit portfolio can be significantly impacted by competitive pressures, liquidity needs and access
to and availability of other funding sources. With the FOMC initiating a series of rate increases, which are expected to continue into
2023, we believe our current interest risk profile remains acceptable. Furthermore, we are implementing strategies to moderate any potential
adverse impact to our current interest rate risk profile, from what could be a sustained medium- to long-term environment of rising interest
rates. 

33 

Interest
 Sensitivity Analysis 
 
 December
 31, 2022 
 
 (In
 thousands of dollars) 

1
 - 90 Days 
 91-365
 Days 
 1
 - 3 Years 
 4-5
 Years 
 6-10
 Years 
 Over
 10 years 
 Total 
 
 Uses
 of funds: 

Loans 
 104,724 
 92,065 
 170,703 
 135,643 
 60,156 
 21,322 
 584,613 
 
 Federal
 funds sold 
 960 

960 
 
 Deposits
 with banks 
 46,497 
 
 250 

46,747 
 
 Investments 
 3,614 
 7,636 
 23,440 
 18,406 
 28,082 
 32,546 
 113,724 
 
 Bank
 owned life insurance 
 4,549 

4,549 
 
 Total
 earning assets 
 160,344 
 99,701 
 194,393 
 154,049 
 88,238 
 53,868 
 750,593 

Sources
 of funds: 

Int
 Bearing DDA 
 80,299 

80,299 
 
 Savings
 MMDA 
 174,251 

174,251 
 
 Time
 Deposits 
 28,982 
 94,288 
 50,670 
 14,293 

188,233 
 
 Trust
 Preferred Securities 
 16,496 

16,496 
 
 Federal
 funds purchased 

Other
 Borrowings 

Total
 interest bearing liabilities 
 300,028 
 94,288 
 50,670 
 14,293 

459,279 

Discrete
 Gap 
 (139,684 
 5,413 
 143,723 
 139,756 
 88,238 
 53,868 
 291,314 
 
 Cumulative
 Gap 
 (139,684 
 (134,271 
 9,452 
 149,208 
 237,446 
 291,314 

Cumulative
 Gap as of Total Earning Assets 
 -18.61 
 -17.89 
 1.26 
 19.88 
 31.63 
 38.81 

Item 7A. Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not
required. 

34 

Item
 8. Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

CONTENTS 

Page 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 38 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 
 39 

Consolidated
 Statements of Income Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 
 40 

Consolidated
 Statements of Comprehensive Income Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 
 41 

Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 
 42 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 
 43 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 
 44 

35 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of New Peoples Bankshares, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

 We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of New Peoples Bankshares, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of December
31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive (loss) income, shareholders equity and cash flows, for
the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

 These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

 The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Allowance
for Loan Losses Loans Collectively Evaluated for Impairment - Qualitative Factors 

 Description
of the Matter 

 As
described in Note 2 (Summary of significant accounting policies) and Note 7 (Allowance for Loan Losses) to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company maintains an allowance for loan losses that represents management s estimate of the probable losses inherent
in the Company s loan portfolio. The Company s allowance for loan losses has two basic components: the general allowance
and the specific allowance. At December 31, 2022, the general allowance represented 6,641,000 of the total allowance for loan losses
of 6,727,000. The general allowance is applied to non-impaired loans and uses historical loss experience along with qualitative factors,
including changes in lending policies and procedures, the nature and volume of the portfolio, experience of lending management, levels
and trends in delinquencies, nonaccrual loans, charge-offs and adversely rated loans, the loan review system, portfolio concentrations,
economic conditions, collateral values, and the competitive and legal environment. The qualitative adjustments to the historical loss
rates are established by applying an additional loss factor to the loan segments identified by management based on their assessment of
shared risk characteristics within similar groups of non-impaired loans. Qualitative factors are determined based on management s
continuing evaluation of inputs and assumptions underlying the quality of the loan portfolio and contribute significantly to the allowance
for loan losses. 

36 

Management
exercised significant judgment when assessing the qualitative factors in estimating the allowance for loan losses. We identified the
assessment of the qualitative factors as a critical audit matter as auditing the qualitative factors involved especially complex and
subjective auditor judgment in evaluating management s assessment of the inherently subjective estimates. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

 The
primary audit procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 

Substantively testing management s process, including evaluating their judgments and assumptions for developing the qualitative
 factors, which included: 

o Evaluating
 the completeness and accuracy of data inputs used as a basis for the qualitative factors. 

o Evaluating
 the reasonableness of management s judgments related to the determination of qualitative
 factors. 

o Evaluating
 the qualitative factors for directional consistency and for reasonableness. 

o Testing
 the mathematical accuracy of the allowance calculation, including the application of the
 qualitative factors. 

/s/
Yount, Hyde Barbour, P.C. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

Roanoke,
Virginia 

 March
31, 2023 

37 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of New Peoples Bankshares, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

 We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of New Peoples Bankshares, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December
31, 2021, the related consolidated statement of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for the year
then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

 These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws
and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

Firm
ID 

 We
served as the Company's auditor from 2011 to 2021. 

March
31, 2022 

elliottdavis.com 

38 

NEW
PEOPLES BANKSHARES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (in
thousands except share data) 

ASSETS 
 2022 
 2021 

Cash
 and due from banks 

Interest-bearing
 deposits with banks 

Federal
 funds sold 

Total
 cash and cash equivalents 

Investment
 securities available-for-sale 

Loans
 receivable 

Allowance
 for loan losses 

Net
 loans 

Bank
 premises and equipment, net 

Other
 real estate owned 

Accrued
 interest receivable 

Deferred
 taxes, net 

Bank
 owned life insurance 

Right-of-use
 assets operating leases 

Other
 assets 

Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES 

Deposits 

Noninterest
 bearing 

Interest-bearing 

Total
 deposits 

Borrowed
 funds 

Lease
 liabilities operating leases 

Accrued
 interest payable 

Accrued
 expenses and other liabilities 

Total
 liabilities 

Commitments
 and Contingent Liabilities (Notes 19 and 20) 

SHAREHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

Common
 stock - par value; shares authorized; 

and shares issued and outstanding at 

December
 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Retained
 earnings 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive loss 

Total
 shareholders equity 

Total
 liabilities and shareholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

39 

NEW
PEOPLES BANKSHARES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (in
thousands except share and per share data) 

INTEREST
 AND DIVIDEND INCOME 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Loans
 including fees 

Federal
 funds sold 

Interest-earning
 deposits with banks 

Investments 

Dividends
 on equity securities (restricted) 

Total
 interest and dividend income 

INTEREST
 EXPENSE 

Deposits 

Borrowed
 funds 

Total
 interest expense 

NET
 INTEREST INCOME 

PROVISION
 FOR LOAN LOSSES 

NET
 INTEREST INCOME AFTER PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES 

NONINTEREST
 INCOME 

Service
 charges and fees 

Card
 processing and interchange income 

Insurance
 and investment fees 

Net gain
 on sales of available-for-sale securities 

Other
 noninterest income 

Total
 noninterest income 

NONINTEREST
 EXPENSES 

Salaries
 and employee benefits 

Occupancy
 and equipment expenses 

Data
 processing and telecommunications 

Other
 operating expenses 

Total
 noninterest expenses 

INCOME
 BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

INCOME
 TAX EXPENSE 

NET
 INCOME 

Income
 Per Share 

Basic
 and Diluted 

Average
 Weighted Shares of Common Stock 

Basic
 and Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

40 

NEW
PEOPLES BANKSHARES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Dollars
in thousands) 

2022 
 2021 

NET
 INCOME 

Other
 comprehensive loss: 

Investment
 securities activity: 

Unrealized
 losses arising during the year 

Reclassification
 adjustment for net gains included in net income 

Other
 comprehensive losses on investment securities 

Related
 tax benefit 

TOTAL
 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

TOTAL
 COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

41 

NEW
PEOPLES BANKSHARES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (in
thousands including share data) 

Shares
 of Common Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional
 Paid-in- Capital 
 Retained Earnings (Deficit) 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive
 Income (Loss) 
 Total
 Shareholders Equity 

Balance, December
 31, 2020 

Net income 

Other
 comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

Net income 

Other
 comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Cash dividend declared
 0.05 per share) 

Repurchase
 of common stock 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

42 

NEW
PEOPLES BANKSHARES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Dollars
are in thousands) 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH
 FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net
 income 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating
 activities: 

Depreciation 

Provision
 for loan losses 

Loss
 (income) on bank owned life insurance 

Gain
 on sale of securities available-for-sale 

Gain
 on sale of mortgage loans 

Loss
 on sale or disposal of premises and equipment 

Gain
 on sale of foreclosed real estate and repossessed assets 

Loans
 originated for sale 

Proceeds
 from sales of loans originated for sale 

Adjustment
 of carrying value of foreclosed real estate and repossessed assets 

Net amortization/accretion
 of bond premiums/discounts 

Deferred
 tax expense 

Net change
 in: 

Interest
 receivable 

Other
 assets 

Accrued
 interest payable 

Accrued
 expenses and other liabilities 

Net
 Cash Provided by Operating Activities 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Net decrease
 (increase) in loans 

Purchase
 of securities available-for-sale 

Proceeds
 from sale of investment securities available-for-sale 

Proceeds
 from repayments and maturities of securities available-for-sale 

Net (purchase)
 sale of equity securities (restricted) 

Payments
 for the purchase of premises and equipment 

Proceeds
 from sale of premises and equipment 

Proceeds
 from insurance claims on other real estate owned or premises 

Proceeds
 from sales of other real estate owned 

Net
 Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVIES 

Net change
 in short term borrowings 

Net change
 in noninterest bearing deposits 

Net change
 in interest bearing deposits 

Dividends
 paid 

Repurchase
 of common stock 

Net
 Cash (Used in) Provided by Financing Activities 

Net increase
 (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of the Year 

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents, End of the Year 

Supplemental
 Disclosure of Cash Paid During the Year for: 

Interest 

Taxes 

Supplemental
 Disclosure of Non-Cash Transactions: 

Right-of-use
 assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

Loan
 made to finance sale of premises and equipment 

Other
 real estate acquired in settlement of foreclosed loans 

Loans
 made to finance sale of foreclosed real estate 

Transfer
 of premises and equipment to other real estate 

Change
 in unrealized losses on securities available for sale 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

43 

NEW
PEOPLES BANKSHARES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

It
is the Company s policy to stop accruing interest on a loan, and classify that loan as non-accrual under the following circumstances:
(a) whenever we are advised by the borrower that scheduled payment or interest payments cannot be met, (b) when our best judgment indicates
that payment in full of principal and interest can no longer be expected, or (c) when any such loan or obligation becomes delinquent
for 90 days unless it is both well secured and in the process of collection. All interest accrued but not collected for loans that are
placed on nonaccrual or charged off is reversed against interest income, except in the case of a nonaccrual loan that is well secured
and in the process of collection, in which case, the interest accrued but not collected is not reversed. The interest on these loans
is accounted for on the cash basis or cost-recovery method, until qualifying for return to accrual status. Generally, loans are returned
to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current, six consecutive timely payments
are made, and prospects for future contractual payments are reasonably assured. 

A
loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect
the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered
by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal
and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified
as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration
all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s
prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Impairment is measured on a loan
by loan basis for commercial and construction loans by either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s
effective interest rate, the loan s obtainable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. 

years 
 
 Paving
 and landscaping 

years 
 
 Computer
 equipment and software 

to years 
 
 Vehicles 

years 
 
 Furniture
 and other equipment 

to years 

Leasehold
improvements are amortized over the terms of the respective leases or the estimated useful lives of the improvements, whichever is shorter.
Repairs and maintenance costs are recorded as a component of noninterest expense as incurred. 

and , for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding 

Weighted
 average dilutive shares outstanding 

Basic
 and diluted income per share 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Deposit amounts
at other commercial banks may, at times, exceed federally insured limits. 

Effective
March 26, 2020, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System set reserve requirements to zero. Therefore, the Bank is no longer
required to maintain minimum reserve balances with the Federal Reserve Bank. 

The
Bank has a total of million in unsecured fed funds lines of credit facilities from three correspondent banks that were available
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Of these total commitments, all were available at December 31, 2022 and 2021. As a condition
for 5.0 million of one of the unsecured fed funds line of credit, the Bank maintains a minimum deposit balance of 250,000 with this
correspondent bank. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank was in compliance with this requirement. 

U.S.
 Government Agencies 

Taxable
 municipals 

Corporate
 bonds 

Mortgage
 backed securities 

Total
 Securities available for sale 

December
 31, 2021 

U.S.
 Treasuries 

U.S.
 Government Agencies 

Taxable
 municipals 

Corporate
 bonds 

Mortgage
 backed securities 

Total
 Securities available for sale 

The
following table details unrealized losses and related fair values in the available-for-sale portfolio. This information is aggregated
by the length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021. 

U.S.
 Government Agencies 

Taxable
 municipals 

Corporate
 bonds 

Mortgage
 backed securities 

Total 

December
 31, 2021 

U.S.
 Treasuries 

U.S.
 Government Agencies 

Taxable
 municipals 

Corporate
 bonds 

Mortgage
 backed securities 

Total 

As
of December 31, 2022, the available-for-sale portfolio included 221 investments for which the fair market value was less than amortized
cost. As of December 31, 2021, the available-for-sale portfolio included 113 investments for which the fair market value was less than
amortized cost. Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary impairment at least on a quarterly basis, and more frequently
when economic or market concerns warrant such evaluation. Consideration is given to (1) the length of time and the extent to which the
fair value has been less than cost, (2) the financial conditions and near-term prospects of the issuer, and (3) the intent and ability
of the Company to retain its investment in the issuer for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value.
Based on the Company s analysis, the Company concluded that no securities had other-than-temporary impairment at December 31, 2022
or December 31, 2021. 

Investment
securities with a carrying value of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were pledged to secure
public deposits and for other purposes required or permitted by law. 

There
were no securities sold during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, 7.7 million of securities
were sold, realizing 322,000 in gains. 

The
amortized cost and fair value of investment securities as of December 31, 2022, by contractual maturity, are shown in the following schedule.
Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or
without call or prepayment penalties. Also, actual maturities may differ from scheduled maturities on amortizing securities, such as
mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations, because the underlying collateral on these types of securities may
be repaid prior to the scheduled maturity date. 

Due
 after one year through five years 

Due
 after five years through ten years 

Due
 after ten years 

Total 

The
Bank, as a member of the Federal Reserve Bank and the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta (FHLB), is required to hold stock in each. The
Bank also owns stock in CBB Financial Corp., which is a correspondent of the Bank. These equity securities, which are included in other
assets on the consolidated balance sheet, are restricted from trading and are recorded at a cost of million and million as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The stock has no quoted market value and no ready market exists. 

Construction
 and land development 

Residential
 1-4 family 

Multifamily 

Farmland 

Total
 real estate loans 

Commercial 

Agriculture 

Consumer
 installment loans 

All
 other loans 

Total
 loans 

Included
in commercial loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, were approximately and million of PPP loans that are guaranteed by
the SBA. 

Also
included in total loans above are deferred loan fees of million and million, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
which include net deferred PPP loan fees. Total deferred loan costs were million and million, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. Income or expense from net deferred fees and costs is recognized as income or expense over the lives of the respective
loans as a yield adjustment. If loans repay prior to scheduled maturities any unamortized fee or cost is recognized at that time. 

As
a result of PPP originations, net deferred fees totaling 3.2 million were received. The Company recognized approximately 211,000 and
 2.0 million, respectively, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Loans
receivable on nonaccrual status as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are summarized as follows: 

Construction
 and land development 

Residential
 1-4 family 

Multi-family 

Farmland 

Total
 real estate loans 

Commercial 

Consumer
 installment and other loans 

Total
 loans receivable on nonaccrual status 

Total
interest income not recognized on nonaccrual loans for 2022 and 2021 was approximately 10,000 and 223,000, respectively. 

The
following table presents information concerning the Company s investment in loans considered impaired as of December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021: 

Construction
 and land development 

Residential
 1-4 family 

Multifamily 

Farmland 

Commercial 

Agriculture 

Consumer
 installment loans 

All other
 loans 

With
 an allowance recorded: 

Real
 estate secured: 

Commercial 

Construction
 and land development 

Residential
 1-4 family 

Multifamily 

Farmland 

Commercial 

Agriculture 

Consumer
 installment loans 

All
 other loans 

Total 

As
 of December 31, 2021 (Dollars
 are in thousands) 
 Average Recorded Investment 
 Interest Income Recognized 
 Recorded Investment 
 Unpaid
 Principal Balance 
 Related Allowance 
 
 With
 no related allowance recorded: 

Real
 estate secured: 

Commercial 

Construction
 and land development 

Residential
 1-4 family 

Multifamily 

Farmland 

Commercial 

Agriculture 

Consumer
 installment loans 

All other
 loans 

With
 an allowance recorded: 

Real
 estate secured: 

Commercial 

Construction
 and land development 

Residential
 1-4 family 

Multifamily 

Farmland 

Commercial 

Agriculture 

Consumer
 installment loans 

All
 other loans 

Total 

An
age analysis of past due loans receivable is below. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no loans over 90 days past due that
were accruing. 

Construction
 and land development 

Residential
 1-4 family 

Multifamily 

Farmland 

Total
 real estate loans 

Commercial 

Agriculture 

Consumer
 installment loans 

All
 other loans 

Total
 loans 

As
 of December 31, 2021 (Dollars
 are in thousands) 
 Loans 30-59 Days Past Due 
 Loans 60-89 Days Past Due 
 Loans 90
 or More Days Past Due 
 Total Past Due Loans 
 Current Loans 
 Total Loans 
 
 Real
 estate secured: 

Commercial 

Construction
 and land development 

Residential
 1-4 family 

Multifamily 

Farmland 

Total
 real estate loans 

Commercial 

Agriculture 

Consumer
 installment loans 

All
 other loans 

Total
 loans 

The
Company categorizes loans receivable into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their
debt such as: current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information, and current economic
trends, among other factors. The Company analyzes loans and leases individually by classifying the loans receivable as to credit risk.
The Company uses the following definitions for risk ratings: 

Pass
 - Loans in this category are considered to have a low likelihood of loss based on analysis of relevant information about the ability
of the borrowers to service their debt and other factors. 

Special
Mention - Loans in this category are currently protected but are potentially weak, including adverse trends in borrower s operations,
credit quality or financial strength. Those loans constitute an undue and unwarranted credit risk but not to the point of justifying
a substandard classification. The credit risk may be relatively minor yet constitute an unwarranted risk in light of the circumstances.
 Special mention loans have potential weaknesses which may, if not checked or corrected, weaken the loan or inadequately protect
the Company s credit position at some future date. 

Substandard
 - A substandard loan is inadequately protected by the current sound net worth and paying capacity of
the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans classified as substandard must have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that
jeopardize the liquidation of the debt; they are characterized by the distinct possibility that the institution will sustain some loss
if the deficiencies are not corrected. 

Doubtful
 - Loans classified Doubtful have all the weaknesses
inherent in loans classified Substandard, plus the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full on
the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values highly questionable and improbable. There were no loans classified as doubtful
at either December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Based
on the most recent analysis performed, the risk category of loans receivable was as follows: 

Construction
 and land development 

Residential
 1-4 family 

Multifamily 

Farmland 

Total
 real estate loans 

Commercial 

Agriculture 

Consumer
 installment loans 

All
 other loans 

Total 

As
 of December 31, 2021 (Dollars
 are in thousands) 
 Pass 
 Special Mention 
 Substandard 
 Doubtful 
 Total 
 
 Real
 estate secured: 

Commercial 

Construction
 and land development 

Residential
 1-4 family 

Multifamily 

Farmland 

Total
 real estate loans 

Commercial 

Agriculture 

Consumer
 installment loans 

All
 other loans 

Total 

Charge-offs 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 - 
 
 ) 

Recoveries 

- 

Provision 

) 
 
 ) 

) 

Ending balance 

Allowance
 for loan losses at December 31, 2022 

Individually evluated for impairment 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Collectively evaluated for impairment 

Loans at December 31,
 2022 

Individually evluated for impairment 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Collectively evaluated for impairment 

- 

- 

Real
 estate secured 

(Dollars are in thousands) 
 
 Commercial 
 
 Construction
 and Land Development 
 
 Residential
 1-4 family 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 Farmland 
 
 Commercial 
 
 Agriculture 
 
 Consumer
 and All Other 
 
 Unallocated 
 
 Total 

Year ended
 December 31, 2021 

Beginning balance 

- 

Charge-offs 
 
 ) 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 - 
 
 ) 

Recoveries 

- 

- 

Provision 

) 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Ending balance 

Allowance
 for loan losses at December 31, 2021 

Individually evluated for impairment 

- 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Collectively evaluated for impairment 

Loans at December 31,
 2021 

Individually evluated for impairment 

- 

- 

- 

Collectively evaluated for impairment 

- 

- 

In
determining the amount of our allowance, we rely on an analysis of our loan portfolio, our experience and our evaluation of general economic
conditions. If our assumptions prove to be incorrect, our current allowance may not be sufficient to cover future loan losses and we
may experience significant increases to our provision. Due to the underlying SBA guarantee provided for PPP loans, these accounts were
not included in the portfolio segment or impairment calculations. Additionally, due to uncertainties presented by the lingering impact
of the pandemic and the resulting economic uncertainty, internal and external qualitative factors were revised accordingly. In 2022 and
2021, external qualitative factors were adjusted to consider the impact of inflation. 

million compared to million as of December
31, 2021. The following table presents information related to loans modified as troubled debt restructurings during the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

Multifamily 

Farmland 

Total
 real estate loans 

Commercial 

Agriculture 

Consumer
 installment loans 

All
 other loans 

Total 

There
were no loans modified that resulted in a troubled debt restructuring during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended
December 31, 2021, one loan was modified for which the modification was considered to be a troubled debt restructuring. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 there were no TDRs that subsequently defaulted within twelve months of the loan modification. For the
year ended December 31, 2021, there were two TDRs with a modified balance of 56,000 that subsequently defaulted within twelve months
of the loan modification. Generally, a TDR is considered to be in default once it becomes 90 days or more past due following a modification. 

When
determining the level of the allowance for loan losses, management considers troubled debt restructurings and subsequent defaults in
these restructurings in its estimate. The Company evaluates all troubled debt restructurings for possible further impairment. As a result,
the allowance may be increased, adjustments may be made in the allocation of the allowance, or charge-offs may be taken to further write
down the carrying value of these loans. 

Buildings
 and improvements 

Furniture
 and equipment 

Less
 accumulated depreciation 

Bank
 Premises and Equipment 

As
presented in Note 14 Other Real Estate Owned, the bank sold three former branch locations during 2022. These properties with a combined
carrying value of 2.0 million, were transferred to other real estate owned during 2021, resulting in an increase to OREO of 950,000,
and disposal and valuation costs of approximately 1.1 million. Equipment with a combined net book value of 188,000 was written off
in 2021. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Bank sold four other former branch locations, with net book values of approximately 1.1 million,
resulting in approximately 173 thousand of net gains on sales. 

During
2021, we opened one new branch office, in Bristol, Virginia, resulting in a net increase of 1.7 million in premises and equipment. 

As
presented in Note 17 Leasing Activities, during 2021, the Bank repurchased the branch office located in Lebanon, Virginia, which had
previously been sold and leased back. 

State 

Total
 current income tax expense (benefit) 

Deferred income tax expense 

Federal 

State 

Total
 deferred income tax expense 

Income
 tax expense 

The
following table summarizes the differences between the actual income tax expense and the amounts computed using the federal statutory
tax rate of 21 for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively: 

Permanent
 differences resulting from: 

Nondeductible
 expenses 

Tax
 exempt interest income 

Bank
 owned life insurance 

Other
 adjustments 

Income
 tax expense 

The
net deferred tax assets and liabilities resulting from temporary differences as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, are summarized as follows: 

Deferred
 compensation 

Nonaccrual
 loan interest 

Unrealized
 loss on securities available for sale 

Other
 real estate owned 

Amortization
 of core deposits 

Amortization
 of goodwill 

Capitalized
 interest and repair expense 

Net
 operating loss carryforward 

Other 

Total
 assets, gross 

Deferred
 tax liabilities 

Accelerated
 depreciation 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Deferred
 loan costs 

Total
 liabilities, gross 

Net
 deferred tax asset 

In
accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the Company determined that it was not required to establish a valuation allowance for
deferred tax assets as it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will be realized through future taxable income, future
reversals of existing taxable temporary differences and tax strategies. The Company s net deferred tax asset is recorded in the
consolidated financial statements separately. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no unrecognized tax benefits. The Company does not expect the total amount of unrecognized
tax benefits to increase significantly over the next twelve months. The company recognizes interest and penalties as a component of income
tax expense. 

The
Company and Bank are subject to U. S. federal income tax, a capital-based franchise tax in the Commonwealth of Virginia; and income and
excise taxes in West Virginia, Tennessee and North Carolina, respectively, based on earnings realized from business activities within
each state. Years prior to 2019 are no longer subject to examination by taxing authorities. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

After
 five years 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

New loans
 and advances on lines 

Payments
 and other reductions 

Ending
 balance 

Total
related party deposits held at the Bank were 29.0 million and 24.8 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

NPB
Insurance Services, Inc. holds a 39 membership interest in Lonesome Pine Title Agency, LLC, which provides title insurance. Another
member of the agency is a related party to the Company. 

In
August 2021, the Bank sold a parcel of land, adjacent to the Grundy, Virginia office to a director for 150 thousand, which approximated
the fair value of the property. A gain of approximately 17,000 was recorded from this transaction. 

Additions 

Transfers
 from premises and equipment 

Proceeds
 from sales 

Proceeds
 from insurance claims 

Loans
 made to finance sales 

Adjustment
 of carrying value 

Gains
 (losses) from sales 

Balance,
 end of year 

During
2022, three former branch offices that were transferred from premises to other real estate owned during 2021, were sold, resulting in
valuation adjustments of 137,000 and net losses totaling 5,000, respectively. 

years. 

The
discount rate used in determining the lease liability for each individual lease was the FHLB fixed advance rate which corresponded to
the lease term for each transaction. This methodology is expected to be used for any other subsequent lease agreements. The weighted
average discount rate for the leases as of December 31, 2022 was . 

The
Company s operating lease costs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as a result of the transactions discussed above,
was and , respectively. 

During
2021, the Bank repurchased its branch office located in Lebanon, Virginia, for 1.3 million. This branch had previously been sold and
leased back in September 2019. As a result of the repurchase, the lease with a remaining term of 12.9 years was cancelled. 

The
Company s other operating leases were evaluated and determined to be immaterial to the financial statements. As
of December 31, 2022, future minimum rental commitments under the non-cancellable operating leases discussed above are as follows (dollars
are in thousands): 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total
 lease payments 

Less
 imputed interest 

Total 

Highest
 balance at any month-end 
 
 - 

- 

- 

Average
 weighted balance 

- 

- 

Average
 interest rate: 

Paid
 during the year 

- 

- 

At
 year-end 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance
 December 31, 2021 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

- 

Highest
 balance at any month-end 
 
 - 

- 

Average
 weighted balance 
 
 - 

- 

Average
 interest rate: 

Paid
 during the year 
 
 -

- 

At
 year-end 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

(a)
- The Bank has the ability to borrow up to an additional 113.7 million from the FHLB under a line of credit which is secured by a blanket
lien on residential real estate loans. With additional collateral, the Bank s total credit availability would be 200.1 million.
The Bank had no overnight borrowings subject to daily rate changes from the FHLB at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

We
have used our line of credit with FHLB to issue letters of credit totaling 7.0 million to the Treasury Board of Virginia for collateral
on public funds deposited in the Bank. No draws on the letters of credit have been issued. The letters of credit are considered draws
on our FHLB line of credit. 

(b)
- Federal funds lines consist of 30.0 million in unsecured federal funds line of credit facilities with correspondent banks as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively exclusive of any outstanding balance. The Company did not borrow from the lines other than to test the
ability to access the lines. 

 (c)
 As of December 31, 2022, there are no short term FHLB advances outstanding. 

(d)
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no long term FHLB advances. 

(e) -
TPS I - On July 7, 2004, the Company completed the issuance of 11.3 million in floating rate trust preferred securities offered by its
wholly owned subsidiary, NPB Capital Trust I (TPS I). The rate is determined quarterly and floats based on the 3-month LIBOR plus 260
basis points. 

TPS
2 - On September 27, 2006, the Company completed the issuance of 5.2 million in floating rate trust preferred securities offered by
its wholly owned subsidiary, NPB Capital Trust 2 (TPS 2). The rate is determined quarterly and floats based on the 3-month LIBOR plus
177 basis points. 

Under
the terms of the subordinated debt transactions, the securities have 30-year maturities and are redeemable, in whole or in part, without
penalty, at the option of the Company after five years from the issuance date, and on a quarterly basis thereafter. 

Following
are maturities of borrowed funds as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 

Standby
 letters of credit 

Commitments
to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer at either a fixed or variable interest rate as long as there is no violation of
any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require
payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not
necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Bank evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The
amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Bank upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation.
Collateral held varies but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property and equipment, and income-producing commercial properties. 

Standby
letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Bank to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Standby
letters of credit generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. The credit risk
involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. The Bank s
policy for obtaining collateral, and the nature of such collateral, is essentially the same as that involved in making commitments to
extend credit. 

Tier
 1 Capital to Risk Weighted Assets 

Tier
 1 Capital to Average Assets 

Common
 Equity Tier 1 Capital 
 
 to
 Risk Weighted Assets 

December
 31, 2021: 
 
 Total
 Capital to Risk Weighted Assets 

Tier
 1 Capital to Risk Weighted Assets 

Tier
 1 Capital to Average Assets 

Common
 Equity Tier 1 Capital 
 
 to
 Risk Weighted Assets 

Accordingly,
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank was well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. There are
no conditions or events since such dates that management believes have changed the Bank s category. 

The
Bank is also subject to the rules implementing the Basel III capital framework and certain related provisions of the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010. The final rules require the Bank to comply with the following minimum capital
ratios: (i) a Common Equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of at least , plus a capital conservation
buffer (effectively resulting in a minimum Common Equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 7 ), (ii) a ratio of
Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 6.0 , plus the 2.5 capital conservation buffer (effectively resulting in a minimum
Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5 ), (iii) a ratio of total capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 8.0 , plus the 2.5 capital conservation
buffer (effectively resulting in a minimum total capital ratio of 10.5 ), and (iv) a leverage ratio of 4 , calculated as the ratio
of Tier 1 capital to average assets. The Bank s capital conservation buffer was 8.50 at December 31, 2022. The capital conservation
buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Banking institutions with a Common Equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted
assets ratio above the minimum but below the conservation buffer face constraints on dividends, equity repurchases, and compensation
based on the amount of the shortfall. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital to Risk-weighted Assets
ratio, the Tier 1 Capital to Risk-weighted Assets ratio, the Total Capital
to Risk-weighted Assets ratio, and the Tier 1 Capital to Average Assets ratio of the Bank, all exceeded the minimum requirements. 

million and million
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are the only assets whose fair values are measured on a recurring basis using Level 2
inputs from an independent pricing service. 

Loans
- The Company does not record loans at fair value on a recurring basis. Real estate serves as collateral on a substantial majority
of the Company s loans. When a loan is considered impaired, a specific reserve may be established. Loans, which are deemed to be
impaired and require a reserve, are primarily valued on a non-recurring basis at the fair value of the underlying real estate collateral.
Where there is no observable market price, such fair values are obtained using independent appraisals, which management evaluates to
determine whether or not the fair value of the collateral is further impaired below the appraised value and adjusts for estimated costs
of disposition. The Company records impaired loans as nonrecurring Level 3 assets. The aggregate amount of impaired loans carried at
fair value was 213,000 and 714,000 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Other
Real Estate Owned Other real estate owned is adjusted to fair value upon transfer of the loans, or former bank premises,
to other real estate owned. These assets are carried at the lower of their carrying value or fair value. Fair value is based
upon observable market prices, when available, reduced by estimated disposition costs, which the Company considers to be nonrecurring
Level 2 inputs. When observable market prices are not available, management determines the fair value of the foreclosed asset using independent
third-party appraisals, evaluated to determine whether or not the property is further impaired below the appraised value, and adjusts
for estimated costs of disposition. The Company records foreclosed assets as nonrecurring Level 3. The aggregate carrying amounts of
foreclosed assets were approximately 261,000 and 1.4 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Assets
and liabilities measured at fair value are as follows as of December 31, 2022 (for purpose of this table the impaired loans are shown
net of the related allowance): 

U.S.
 Government Agencies 

Taxable
 municipals 

Corporate
 bonds 

Mortgage
 backed securities 

(On
 a non-recurring basis) Other
 real estate owned 

Impaired
 loans: 

Real
 estate secured: 

Commercial 

Construction
 and land development 

Residential
 1-4 family 

Multifamily 

Farmland 

Commercial 

Agriculture 

Consumer
 installment loans 

All
 other loans 

Total 

Assets
and liabilities measured at fair value are as follows as of December 31, 2021 (for purpose of this table the impaired loans are shown
net of the related allowance): 

(Dollars
 are in thousands) 
 Quoted
 market price in active markets (Level
 1) 
 Significant
 other observable inputs (Level
 2) 
 Significant
 unobservable inputs (Level
 3) 
 
 (On
 a recurring basis) Available
 for sale investments 

U.S.
 Treasuries 

U.S.
 Government Agencies 

Taxable
 municipals 

Corporate
 bonds 

Mortgage
 backed securities 

(On
 a non-recurring basis) Other
 real estate owned 

Impaired
 loans: 

Real
 estate secured: 

Commercial 

Construction
 and land development 

Residential
 1-4 family 

Multifamily 

Farmland 

Commercial 

Agriculture 

Consumer
 installment loans 

All
 other loans 

Total 

For
Level 3 assets measured at fair value on a recurring or non-recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the significant unobservable
inputs used in the fair value measurements were as follows: 

Discounts
 to reflect current market conditions, ultimate collectability, and estimated costs to sell 

Other
 Real Estate Owned 

/Comparable Sales/Other Estimates from Independent Sources 
 
 Discounts
 to reflect current market conditions and estimated costs to sell 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

 The
carrying amount and fair value of the Company s financial instruments that are not required to be measured or reported at fair
value on a recurring basis are as follows: 

Financial
 instruments liabilities 

Time
 deposits 

Borrowed
 funds 

December
 31, 2021 

Financial
 instruments assets 

Net
 loans 

Financial
 instruments liabilities 

Time
 deposits 

Borrowed
 funds 

Fair
value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on relevant market information and information about the financial instrument. 
These estimates do not reflect any premium or discount that could result from offering for sale at one time the Company s entire
holdings of a particular financial instrument. Because no market exists for a significant portion of the Company s financial
instruments, fair value estimates are based on judgments regarding future expected loss experience, current economic conditions, risk
characteristics of various financial instruments and other factors. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties
and matters of significant judgment and therefore cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions can significantly affect
the estimates. 

Estimated
fair values have been determined by the Company using historical data, as generally provided in the Company s regulatory reports,
and an estimation methodology suitable for each category of financial instruments. The Company s fair value estimates, methods
and assumptions are set forth below for the Company s other financial instruments. 

The
carrying value of cash and due from banks, federal funds sold, interest-bearing deposits, deposits with no stated maturities and accrued
interest approximates fair value and is excluded from the table above. 

The
methods utilized to measure the fair value of financial instruments represent an approximation of exit price; however, an actual exit
price may differ. 

Card
 processing and interchange income 

Insurance
 and investment fees 

Gains
 on sales of available-for-sale securities (1) 

Other
 noninterest income 

Total
 noninterest income 

(1)
 Not within the scope of ASU 2014-9 

Certain
revenues are earned from contracts with customers. These revenues are recognized when the promised services are rendered to the customer
and reflects the entitled consideration received in exchange for those services. 

Service
charges and fees revenue is recognized on deposit services based on published fees for the services provided. These fees
may be collected on a transaction basis, at the time the service is rendered or periodically based on the period over which the service
is provided. Transaction based fees include services such as stop payment requests, paper statement rendering and ITM usage fees. Periodic
fees include such charges as monthly account maintenance fees. Overdraft fees are realized at the time the overdraft occurs. 

Card
processing and interchange fees Card-related interchange revenue is primarily comprised of debit and credit card income.
Debit and credit card income is earned when customers debit or credit cards are processed through a card payment network. Card-related
interchange income is recognized at the time the customer transactions settle. 

Insurance
and investment fees - Insurance and investment fee income consists of commissions received on annuity and investment product sales
through a third-party service provider. Performance is generally satisfied at the time an annuity policy is issued, or at the execution
of an investment transaction. 

ATM
 network expense 

Legal
 and professional fees 

Consulting
 fees 

Loan
 related expenses 

Printing
 and supplies 

FDIC
 insurance premiums 

Other
 real estate owned expenses, net 

Other
 operating expenses 

Total 

In
June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject
to Contractual Sale Restrictions . ASU 2022-03 clarifies that a contractual restriction on the sale of an equity security is not
considered part of the unit of account of the equity security and, therefore, is not considered in measuring fair value. The ASU is effective
for fiscal years, including interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2023. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2022-03 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In
March 2022, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2022-02, Financial Instruments-Credit
Losses (Topic 326), Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures. ASU 2022-02 addresses areas identified by the FASB as
part of its post-implementation review of the credit losses standard (ASU 2016-13) that introduced the CECL model. The amendments eliminate
the accounting guidance for troubled debt restructurings by creditors that have adopted the CECL model and enhance the disclosure requirements
for loan refinancings and restructurings made with borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. In addition, the amendments require a
public business entity to disclose current-period gross write-offs for financing receivables and net investment in leases by year of
origination in the vintage disclosures. The amendments in this ASU should be applied prospectively, except for the transition method
related to the recognition and measurement of TDRs, an entity has the option to apply a modified retrospective transition method, resulting
in a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings in the period of adoption. For entities that have adopted ASU 2016-13, ASU 2022-02
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For entities that
have not yet adopted ASU 2016-13, the effective dates for ASU 2022-02 are the same as the effective dates in ASU 2016-13. Early adoption
is permitted if an entity has adopted ASU 2016-13. An entity may elect to early adopt the amendments about TDRs and related disclosure
enhancements separately from the amendments related to vintage disclosures. The Company is currently assessing the impact that ASU 2022-02
will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In
December 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848 .
ASU 2022-06 extends the period of time preparers can utilize the reference rate reform relief guidance in Topic 848. The objective of
the guidance in Topic 848 is to provide relief during the temporary transition period, so the FASB included a sunset provision within
Topic 848 based on expectations of when the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) would cease being published. In 2021, the UK Financial
Conduct Authority (FCA) delayed the intended cessation date of certain tenors of USD LIBOR to June 30, 2023. 

To
ensure the relief in Topic 848 covers the period of time during which a significant number of modifications may take place, the ASU defers
the sunset date of Topic 848 from December 31, 2022, to December 31, 2024, after which entities will no longer be permitted to apply
the relief in Topic 848. The ASU is effective for all entities upon issuance. The Company is assessing ASU 2022-06 and its impact on
the Company s transition away from LIBOR for its loan and other financial instruments that have not already been transitioned to
an alternative reference rate. 

Other
accounting standards that have been issued or proposed by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies are not expected to have a material
impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Investment
 in subsidiaries 

Other
 assets 

Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES 

Accrued
 interest payable 

Accrued
 expenses and other liabilities 

Trust
 preferred securities 

Total
 liabilities 

SHAREHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

Common
 stock - 2.00 par value, 50,000,000 shares authorized; 23,848,491
 and 23,922,086 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional
 paid capital 

Retained
 earnings 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive loss 

Total
 shareholders equity 

Total
 liabilities and shareholders equity 

CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Dollars
in thousands) 

Dividends
 from subsidiaries 

Undistributed
 income of subsidiaries 

Total
 income 

Expenses 

Trust
 preferred securities interest expense 

Professional
 fees 

Other
 operating expenses 

Total
 expenses 

Income
 before income taxes 

Income
 tax benefit 

Net
 income 

CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Dollars
in thousands) 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in)
 operating activities: 

Equity
 in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries 

Net
 decrease in other assets 

Net
 increase in other liabilities 

Net
 cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash
 flows from financing activities: 

Repurchase
 of common stock 

Cash
 dividends paid 

Net cash
 used in financing activities 

Net
 increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash
 and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash
 and cash equivalents, end of year 

70 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting of New Peoples Bankshares, Inc. New
Peoples internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to management and the Board of Directors regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting practices. 

All
internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Because of these inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation, and
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of New Peoples internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment,
management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal
Control - Integrated Framework issued in 2013. Based on this assessment, management concluded that the internal control over financial
reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the last fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting. 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures that is designed to ensure that material information is accumulated and communicated
to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with
the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of the disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were operating effectively as of December 31, 2022. 

Item
 9B. Other
 Information 

None. 

Item
 9C. Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

Item
 10. Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
information contained under the captions Election of Directors, Incumbent Directors, Executive Officers
Who Are Not Directors, Corporate Governance and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in the 2023 Proxy
Statement that is required to be disclosed in this Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference. 

71 

Item
 11. Executive
 Compensation 

The
information contained under the captions Director Compensation and Executive Compensation and Related Party Transactions 
in the 2023 Proxy Statement that is required to be disclosed in this Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
 12. Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
information contained under the captions Security Ownership of Management and Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners in the 2023 Proxy Statement that is required to be disclosed in this Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The information contained under the caption Executive
Compensation and Related Party Transactions and Corporate Governance in the 2023 Proxy Statement that is required
to be disclosed in this Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The information contained under the caption Audit Information 
in the 2023 Proxy Statement that is required to be disclosed in this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference. 

The Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for the financial statements
as of December 31, 2022 and the year then ended was Yount, Hyde Barbour, P.C., (U.S. PCAOB Auditor Firm I.D.: 613, located in Roanoke,
Virginia. 

Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)(1) The response to this portion of Item
15 is included in Item 8 above. 

 (a)(2) The response to this portion of Item 15 is
included in Item 8 above. 

 (a)(3) The following exhibits are filed as part
of this Form 10-K: 

Exhibit 
 Number 

3.1 
 
 Amended
Articles of Incorporation of New Peoples Bankshares, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 10-Q for the quarterly period
ended June 30, 2008 filed on August 11, 2008). 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws
of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form 8-K filed August 26, 2020). 

4.1 
 
 Specimen
Common Stock Certificate of New Peoples Bankshares, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 10-Q for the quarterly period
ended June 30, 2012 filed on August 14, 2012). 

4.2 
 
 Description
of New Peoples Bankshares, Inc. s Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2019). 

10.1 
 
 Employment
Agreement dated December 1, 2016 between New Peoples Bankshares, Inc., New Peoples Bank, Inc., and C. Todd Asbury (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed December 2, 2016 

10.2 
 Employment
 Agreement dated December 1, 2016 between New Peoples Bankshares, Inc., New Peoples Bank, Inc., and C.
 Todd Asbury (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed December 2, 2016). 
 
 10.3 
 Employment Agreement dated May 14, 2019 between New Peoples Bank, Inc., and James W. Kiser. 
 
 10.4 
 Form
 of Award Agreement for New Peoples Bankshares, Inc. Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed March 2, 2023). 
 
 14 
 
 Code
of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003). 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of the Registrant. 

24 
 
 Powers
of Attorney (contained on signature page). 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 

32 
 
 101 
 
 Certification
 by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 The
following materials for the Company s 10-K Report for the year ended December 31, 2020, formatted in XBRL are being furnished,
not filed. XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document, XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document, Taxonomy Extension
Label Linkbase Document, XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

104 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document in Exhibit 101). 

____________________________________ 

Denotes management contract. 

(b) See
Item 15(a)(3) above. 

 (c) See
Items 15(a)(1) and (2) above. 

72 

Item
 16. Form
 10-K Summary 

None. 

73 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NEW
PEOPLES BANKSHARES, INC. 

By: /s/
C. TODD ASBURY 

 C.
Todd Asbury 

 Director,
President and Chief Executive Officer 

 Date: March
31, 2023 

By: /s/
CHRISTOPHER G. SPEAKS 

 Christopher
G. Speaks 

 Executive
Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

 Date: March
31, 2023 

By: /s/
JOHN J. BOCZAR 

 John
J. Boczar 

 Chief
Accounting Officer and Secretary 

 Date: March
31, 2023 

74 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

Each
of the undersigned hereby appoints C. Todd Asbury and Christopher G. Speaks, and each of them, as attorneys and agents for the undersigned,
with full power of substitution, in his name and on his behalf as a director of New Peoples Bankshares, Inc. (the Registrant), to act
and to execute any and all instruments as such attorneys or attorney deem necessary or advisable to enable the Registrant to comply with
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and any rules, regulations, policies or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
Commission) in respect thereof, in connection with the preparation and filing with the Commission of the Registrant s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report), and any and all amendments to such Report, together with such
other supplements, statements, instruments and documents as such attorneys or attorney deem necessary or appropriate. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 

Capacity 

Date 

/s/
 C. TODD ASBURY 

Director,
 President and 

March
 31, 2023 

C.
 Todd Asbury 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 CHRISTOPHER G. SPEAKS 

Executive
 Vice President and 

March
 31, 2023 

Christopher
 G. Speaks 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
Financial Officer) 

/s/
 JOHN J. BOCZAR 

Chief
Accounting Officer 

March
 31, 2023 

John
 J. Boczar 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 TIM BALL 

Director 

March
 31, 2023 

Tim
 Ball 

/s/
 GINA D. BOGGESS 

Director 

March
 31, 2023 

Gina
 D. Boggess 

/s/
 J. ROBERT BUCHANAN 

Director 

March
 31, 2023 

J.
 Robert Buchanan 

/s/
 JOE CARTER 

Director 

March
 31, 2023 

Joe
 Carter 

/s/
 JOHN D. COX 

Director 

March
 31, 2023 

John
 D. Cox 

/s/
 HAROLD LYNN KEENE 

Chairman,
 Director 

March
 31, 2023 

Harold
 Lynn Keene 

/s/
MICHAEL G. MCGLOTHLIN 

Director 

March
31, 2023 

Michael
 G. McGlothlin 

/s/
 B. SCOTT WHITE 

Vice
 Chairman, Director 

March
 31, 2023 

B.
 Scott White 

75 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 ex4_2.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit
4.2 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

 As
of December 31, 2022, the common stock, par value 2.00 per share, was the only class of securities of New Peoples Bankshares, Inc. (the
 Company registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

 The
following section describes the general terms and provisions of the shares of the Company s common stock. You should read the Company s
articles of incorporation, as amended, and bylaws, as amended, for additional information about the common stock. The articles of incorporation
and bylaws are included as exhibits to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, to which this exhibit also is attached. 

 General 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company s authorized capital stock consisted of 50,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 2.00 per
share, 23,848,491 of which were outstanding. 

Voting
Rights 

Each
holder of common shares is entitled to one vote per share held on any matter submitted to a vote of shareholders. There are no cumulative
voting rights in the election of directors. 

Dividends 

The
Company s shareholders are entitled to receive dividends or distributions that its board of directors may declare out of funds
legally available for those payments. The payment of dividends or distributions by the Company is subject to the restrictions of Virginia
law applicable to the declaration of distributions by a corporation. A Virginia corporation generally may not authorize and make distributions
if, after giving effect to the distribution, it would be unable to meet its debts as they become due in the usual course of business
or if the corporation s total assets would be less than the sum of its total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed,
if it were dissolved at that time, to satisfy the preferential rights of shareholders whose rights are superior to the rights of those
receiving the distribution. In addition, the payment of distributions to shareholders is subject to any prior rights of outstanding preferred
stock. 

The
Company is a corporation separate and distinct from New Peoples Bank, Inc., its bank subsidiary (the Bank ). As a financial
holding company, the Company s ability to pay dividends is affected by the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the holding
company. The ability of the Bank, as well as the Company, to pay dividends is influenced by bank regulatory requirements and capital
guidelines. 

No
Preemptive or Conversion Rights 

Holders
of the Company s common shares do not have preemptive rights to purchase additional shares of any class of the Company s
stock, and have no conversion or redemption rights. 

Calls
and Assessments 

All
of the issued and outstanding common shares are fully paid and non-assessable. 

Liquidation
Rights 

In
the event of the Company s liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of common shares (and the holders of any class or
series of stock entitled to participate with the common shares in the distribution of assets) shall be entitled to receive, in cash or
in kind, the Company s assets available for distribution remaining after payment or provision for payment of the Company s
debts and liabilities. 

Certain
Provisions of the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and Virginia Law 

General 

The
Company s articles of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could make more difficult an acquisition of the Company
by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise. In addition, Virginia has two antitakeover statutes, the 

 Affiliated
Transactions Statute and the Control Share Acquisitions Statute, that could make it more difficult for another party to acquire the Company
without the approval of the Company s board of directors. These provisions are expected to discourage specific types of coercive
takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids as well as to encourage persons seeking to acquire control to first negotiate with the
Company. Although these provisions may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control, the Company believes
that the benefits of increased protection through the potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited
proposal to acquire or restructure the Company outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging these proposals because, among other things,
negotiation of such proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 

Shareholder
Approval of Certain Transactions 

The
Company s articles of incorporation provide that an amendment of the Company s articles of incorporation, a plan of merger
or share exchange, a transaction involving the sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets other than in the regular
course of business, and a plan of dissolution must be approved by the vote of a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on such
transactions by each voting group entitled to vote on the transaction at a meeting at which a quorum of the voting group is present,
provided that the transaction has been approved and recommended by at least two-thirds of the directors in office at the time of such
approval and recommendation. If the transaction is not so approved and recommended by two-thirds of the directors in office, then the
transaction must be approved by the vote of eighty percent (80 or more of all the votes entitled to be cast on such transactions
by each voting group entitled to vote on the transaction. 

Classified
Board of Directors 

The
Company s articles of incorporation provide that the board of directors shall be divided into three classes as nearly equal in
number as possible. The members of each class are elected for a term of three years and until their successors are elected and qualified.
As a result, approximately one third of the members of the board of directors are elected each year, and two annual meetings are
required for the Company s shareholders to change a majority of the members constituting the board of directors. 

Removal
of Directors 

The
Company s bylaws currently provide that any director may be removed from office at a meeting called expressly for that purpose
by the vote of stockholders holding a majority of the shares entitled to vote at an election of directors. 

Advance
Notification Requirements 

The
Company s bylaws prescribe the procedure that a shareholder must follow to nominate directors or to bring other business before
shareholders meetings outside of the proxy statement process. For a shareholder to nominate a candidate for director or to bring
other business before at an annual meeting of shareholders, written notice of nomination must be received by the Company s Corporate
Secretary not less than 30 days prior to the first anniversary date of the initial notice given to shareholders of record on the record
date for the previous annual meeting by or at the direction of the board of directors; provided, however, that such notice shall not
be required to be given more than 90 days prior to the annual meeting of shareholders. Notice of nomination of a director must describe
various matters regarding the nominee and the shareholder giving the notice. Notice of other business to be brought before the meeting
must include a description of the proposed business, the reasons therefore, and other specified matters regarding the shareholder giving
the notice. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 ex10_2.htm

1 

2 

3 

4 

5 

6 

7 

8 

9 

10 

11 

12 

13 

14 

15 

16 

17 

18 

19 

20 

21 

22 

23 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-21>
 4
 ex21.htm
 NAME OF SUBSIDIARY INCORPORATION

Exhibit
21 

Name of Subsidiary 
 Incorporation 
 
 New Peoples Bank, Inc. 
 State of Virginia 
 
 NPB Web Services, Inc. 
 State of Virginia 
 
 NPB Capital Trust I 
 State of Delaware 
 
 NPB Capital Trust 2 
 State of Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31_1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
C. Todd Asbury, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of New Peoples Bankshares, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/ C. TODD ASBURY 

C. Todd Asbury 

Director, President Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31_2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Christopher G. Speaks, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of New Peoples Bankshares, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/ CHRISTOPHER G. SPEAKS 

Christopher G. Speaks Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 ex32.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND CHIEF ACCOUNTING OFFICER

Exhibit
32 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND CHIEF ACCOUNTING OFFICER 

Pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 

The
undersigned, as the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, respectively, of New Peoples Bankshares,
Inc., certify that, to the best of their knowledge and belief, the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, which
accompanies this certification, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
and the information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of New Peoples Bankshares, Inc. at the dates and for the periods indicated. The foregoing certification is made pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) and shall not be relied upon for any other purpose. The undersigned expressly
disclaim any obligation to update the foregoing certification except as required by law. 

Date: March
 31, 2023 

/s/
 C. TODD ASBURY 

C.
 Todd Asbury 

Director,
 President Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March
 31, 2023 

/s/
 CHRISTOPHER G. SPEAKS 

Christopher
 G. Speaks 

Executive
 Vice President Chief Financial Officer 

Date: March
 31, 2023 

/s/
 JOHN J. BOCZAR 

John
 J. Boczar 

Chief
 Accounting Officer Secretary 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 nwpp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 nwpp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 nwpp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 nwpp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

