<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_820027_0000820027-23-000014.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>57323939</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>533962</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>20592564</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>16596022</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>9724949</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>8783048</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000820027-23-000014.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223160725
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000820027-23-000014
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		240
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000820027
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		IRS NUMBER:				133180631
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32525
		FILM NUMBER:		23659656

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1099 AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL CENTER
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55474
		BUSINESS PHONE:		612-671-8001

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1099 AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL CENTER
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55474

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN EXPRESS FINANCIAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030513

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN EXPRESS FINANCIAL ADVISORS
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950711

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IDS FINANCIAL CORP/MN/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000820027-23-000014.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 amp-20221231.htm
 10-K

amp-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Transition Period from_______________________to_______________________ 
 
 Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value, as of June 30, 2022, of voting shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately billion. 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. Class Outstanding at February 10, 2023 Common Stock (par value .01 per share) shares DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL, INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 INDEX 
 PART I 
 1 
 Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 16 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 28 
 Item 2. Properties 
 29 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 29 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 
 PART II 
 30 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 30 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 55 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 62 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 144 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 144 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 145 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 145 
 PART III 
 145 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 145 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 148 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 148 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 148 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 148 
 PART IV 
 149 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 149 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 151 
 Signatures 
 152 
 Schedule I - Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 
 154 

PART I. 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 Ameriprise Financial is a diversified financial services company with a more than 125-year history of providing solutions to help clients confidently achieve their financial objectives. Ameriprise Financial, Inc. is a holding company incorporated in Delaware that primarily engages in business through its subsidiaries. Accordingly, references to Ameriprise, Ameriprise Financial, the Company, we, us, and our may refer to Ameriprise Financial, Inc. exclusively, to our entire family of companies, or to one or more of our subsidiaries. 
 We are a long-standing leader in financial planning and advice offering a broad range of products and services designed to achieve individual and institutional clients financial objectives. Our strategy is centered on helping our clients confidently achieve their goals by providing holistic advice and by managing and protecting their assets and income. We utilize two go-to-market approaches in carrying out this strategy: Wealth Management and Asset Management. 
 Wealth Management 
 Our Advice Wealth Management business is the primary growth engine of Ameriprise with a significant market opportunity. We are in a compelling position to capitalize on significant demographic and market trends driving increased demand for financial advice and solutions. In the U.S., the ongoing transition of baby boomers into retirement, as well as Generation X and Millennials planning for retirement, continues to drive demand for financial advice and solutions. Our primary target market is households with 500,000 to 5,000,000 in investable assets, and we are also well-suited to serve those outside this asset range. The amount of investable assets held by investors with 500,000 or more is projected to grow 3-5 annually going forward. Additional targets include higher-net worth households including those with investable assets over 10,000,000 and the next generation of investors who are currently building their wealth. 
 
 We are an industry-leading wealth manager with a differentiated advice value proposition. Our network of more than 10,000 financial advisors (our advisors is the primary channel through which we carry out our wealth management activities. Our capabilities are centered on establishing long-term personal relationships between our clients and our advisors. Through our affiliated advisors, we offer financial planning and advice, cash management and banking products, and full-service brokerage services, primarily to retail clients. 
 We design products and services as solutions for our clients cash and liquidity, asset accumulation, income, retirement, protection, and estate and wealth transfer needs. The financial solutions we offer through our advisors include other providers products as well as our own products and services. We distribute our own life and disability income insurance, as well as variable, immediate and structured variable annuity products, through our advisor channel. 
 Our advisor force is among the largest in the industry and is central to how we serve our clients. We support our advisors with an integrated technology platform, training, leadership and marketing programs to assist them in serving their clients and growing their practices. Our nationally recognized brand combined with these programs and other support creates a compelling value proposition for financial advisors relative to the broader financial services industry. This is evidenced by our strong advisor retention and satisfaction and our ability to attract and retain experienced and productive advisors. We continuously invest in, develop, and refine capabilities and tools designed to maximize advisor productivity and client satisfaction. 
 Asset Management 
 Our global asset management business, represented by the Columbia Threadneedle Investments brand, offers a broad spectrum of capabilities to individual, institutional and high net worth investors. In November 2021, we purchased the BMO Global Asset Management (EMEA) business and subsequently re-branded the business. Columbia Threadneedle s investment products are primarily offered through third parties, though we also provide our asset management products through our advisor network, direct retail and through our institutional sales force. Our underlying asset management philosophy is rooted in delivering consistently strong, competitive investment performance. The quality and breadth of our asset management capabilities are demonstrated by 131 Columbia and Threadneedle mutual funds globally being rated as four- and five-star by Morningstar. 
 
 We are positioned to continue to grow our assets under management and strengthen our asset management offerings to existing and new clients. We benefit from key strategic relationships we have established and have a strong institutional presence. Our asset management capabilities are designed to address mature markets in the U.S. and Europe as well as expanding into new global and emerging markets. We have expanded beyond our traditional strengths in the U.S. and the United Kingdom U.K. to serve more clients and gather assets in Africa, Asia, Australia, Canada, Continental Europe, the Middle East, New Zealand and South America. We continue to pursue opportunities to leverage the collective capabilities of our global asset management business in order to enhance our investment solutions and to develop new solutions that are responsive to client demand in an increasingly complex and competitive marketplace. 
 1 

History and Development 
 Our company has provided solutions to help clients confidently achieve their financial objectives for more than 125 years. Our earliest predecessor company, Investors Syndicate, was founded in 1894 to provide face-amount certificates to consumers. In 1983, our company was formed as a Delaware corporation in connection with American Express acquisition of IDS Financial Services from Alleghany Corporation. We changed our name to American Express Financial Corporation AEFC and began marketing our products and services under the American Express brand in 1994. In 2005, AEFC spun off from American Express to form Ameriprise Financial, Inc. 
 We have grown both organically in the products and services we provide, as well as inorganically through strategic acquisitions. This has allowed us to significantly enhance the scale, performance, and product offerings of our brokerage, financial planning, retail mutual fund and institutional asset management businesses to best serve our clients. Our acquisitions over time have included Threadneedle Asset Management Holdings, H R Block Financial Advisors, Inc., J. W. Seligman Co. Incorporated, Columbia Management, Emerging Global Advisors, LLC, Investment Professionals, Inc., Lionstone Partners, Inc., and, most recently, BMO Financial Group s European-based asset management business, which was completed in 2021. 
 In order to focus our resources and advance our corporate strategy, we have divested or reinsured other businesses, including the 2019 sale of our auto and home business and our 2019 and 2021 fixed annuity reinsurance transactions. 
 Over the years, we have also sought to optimize the organizational structure in which we offer certain banking products. In May 2019, we received regulatory approvals and converted Ameriprise National Trust Bank to Ameriprise Bank, FSB Ameriprise Bank or the FSB to expand the products and services we can provide directly to our customers. At that time, Ameriprise Financial became a savings and loan holding company that is subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the Board of Governors for the Federal Reserve System FRB ), and Ameriprise Financial elected to be classified as a financial holding company subject to applicable regulation under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. In June 2021, we filed an application to convert Ameriprise Bank, FSB to a state-chartered industrial bank regulated by the Utah Department of Financial Institutions and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, as well as a separate application to transition Ameriprise Bank s personal trust services business to a new limited purpose national trust bank regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC ). Our applications are currently pending. 
 Our Shifting Business Mix and Integrated Model 
 The financial results from the businesses underlying our go-to-market approaches are reflected in our operating segments: 
 Advice Wealth Management; 
 Asset Management; 
 Retirement Protection Solutions; and 
 Corporate Other. 
 
 2 

As a diversified financial services firm, we believe our ability to gather and retain assets is best measured by our aggregate assets under management and administration metric. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.2 trillion in assets under management and administration, compared to 1.4 trillion as of December 31, 2021. For a more detailed discussion of assets under management and administration, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We continue to execute on our strategy to shift our business mix toward lower-capital, fee-based business. The following chart shows our current business mix represented by the contributions of each segment to our pretax adjusted operating earnings (excluding Corporate Other segment) as well as a historical comparison. 
 
 Our Principal Brands 
 Our diversified products and services are offered through our brands: 

We use the Ameriprise Financial brand as our enterprise brand, as well as the name of our advisor network and certain of our retail products and services. 
 
 Our global Columbia Threadneedle TM and Columbia Threadneedle Investments brands represent the combined capabilities, resources and reach of Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC (including its subsidiaries, Columbia Management and Threadneedle. The foreign operations of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. are conducted primarily through Columbia Threadneedle Investments UK International Limited, TAM UK International Holdings Limited and Ameriprise Asset Management Holdings Singapore (Pte.) and their respective subsidiaries (collectively, Columbia Threadneedle ). As part of our ongoing integration of BMO Global Asset Management (EMEA), we rebranded the business under the Columbia Threadneedle Investments brand in 2022. 
 
 We use our RiverSource brand for our annuity and protection products issued by RiverSource Life Insurance Company RiverSource Life and RiverSource Life Insurance Co. of New York RiverSource Life of NY and, together with RiverSource Life, the RiverSource Life companies ). 
 
 Our Segments - Advice Wealth Management 
 We provide financial planning and advice, as well as full-service brokerage services, primarily to retail clients through our financial advisors. These services are centered on long-term, personal relationships between our advisors and our clients and focus on helping clients confidently achieve their financial goals. Our financial advisors provide a distinctive, holistic approach to financial planning 
 3 

and have access to a broad selection of both affiliated and non-affiliated products to help clients meet their financial needs and goals. Banking, lending and cash management solutions help our clients establish financial flexibility while planning for both short and long-term needs. As part of our goal-based approach to financial advice, our advisors help our clients actively manage investing, saving and spending so our clients have a more complete picture of their financial life. 
 A significant portion of revenues in this segment are fee-based and driven by the level of client assets, which is impacted by both market movements and net flows. We also earn net investment income on owned assets from Ameriprise Certificate Company and Ameriprise Bank, both wholly owned subsidiaries of Ameriprise, and we earn financial planning fees as well as transaction and other fees. In addition, this segment earns revenue from distribution fees for providing non-affiliated products and intersegment revenues from distribution fees for providing our affiliated products and services to our retail clients. Intersegment expenses for this segment include investment management services provided by our Asset Management segment. All intersegment activity is eliminated in our consolidated results. 
 Our Financial Advisor Platform 
 With more than 10,000 advisors, we are one of the top branded advisor platforms in the U.S. market where we provide our services. Advisors can choose to affiliate with us in multiple ways as noted below, and each option offers different levels of support and compensation. 
 
 We offer the following products and services through our Advice Wealth Management segment: 
 Financial planning and advice services to provide personalized financial planning and financial solutions for which we charge fees and may receive sales commissions for selling products that aid in our clients plans. 
 Discretionary and non-discretionary investment advisory accounts for which we receive fees based on the assets held in that account, as well as related fees or costs associated with the underlying securities held in that account. 
 Brokerage products and services for retail and institutional clients. 
 Cash management and banking products, including brokerage sweep programs, cash management accounts, credit cards, margin loans and pledged asset lines of credit. 
 Face-amount certificates through the Ameriprise Certificate Company, a wholly owned subsidiary. 
 Mutual fund offerings from our own Columbia funds as well as approximately 140 unaffiliated mutual fund families, representing approximately 2,200 mutual funds on our brokerage platform for which mutual fund families and other companies generally pay us a portion of the revenue generated from sales of those funds, administrative fees, and fees from the ongoing management attributable to our clients ownership in the fund. 
 Insurance and annuities products from both RiverSource Life companies as well as certain third parties, and we receive a portion of the revenue generated from the sale of unaffiliated products and certain administrative fees. 
 Our Segments - Asset Management 
 Through Columbia Threadneedle , we provide investment management, advice and products to retail, high net worth and institutional clients on a global scale. 
 4 

Columbia Management primarily provides products and services in the United States. Threadneedle, which is continuing to integrate the BMO Global Asset Management (EMEA) business acquired in 2021, primarily provides products and services internationally. Additional subsidiaries beyond Columbia Management and Threadneedle are also included in our Asset Management segment. 
 Revenues in the Asset Management segment are primarily earned based on managed asset balances, which are impacted by market movements, net asset flows, asset allocation and product mix. We may also earn performance fees from certain accounts where investment performance meets or exceeds certain pre-identified targets. As of December 31, 2022, our Asset Management segment had 584 billion in worldwide managed assets. 
 Our Asset Management segment also provides intercompany asset management services for Ameriprise Financial subsidiaries. The fees for such services are reflected within the Asset Management segment results through intersegment transfer pricing. Intersegment expenses for this segment include distribution expenses for services provided by our Advice Wealth Management, Retirement Protection Solutions, and Corporate Other segments. All intersegment activity is eliminated in our consolidated results. 
 Managed assets include external client assets and owned assets. Managed external client assets include client assets for which we provide investment management services, such as the assets of the Columbia Threadneedle Investments fund families and the assets of institutional clients. Managed external client assets also include assets managed by sub-advisers we select but do not include client assets that we advise on a non-discretionary basis such as those assets where we provide voting recommendations and engagement services but do not manage the underlying assets. Our external client assets are not reported on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, although certain investment funds marketed to investors may be consolidated at certain times. See Note 2 and Note 5 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on consolidation principles and details regarding the consolidated collateralized loan obligations CLOs ). Managed owned assets include certain assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets (such as the assets of the general account, cash balances invested by Ameriprise Bank and from certificate products, and the variable product funds held in the separate accounts of our life insurance subsidiaries) for which the Asset Management segment provides management services and receives management fees. For additional details regarding our assets under management and administration, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Investment Management Capabilities and Products 
 The investment management activities of Columbia Threadneedle Investments are conducted through specialized investment management teams located in our key markets, including Amsterdam, Boston, Chicago, Edinburgh, Frankfurt, Hong Kong, Houston, London, Los Angeles, Menlo Park, Minneapolis, New York, Portland and Singapore. 
 Our investment management capabilities and products span a broad range of asset classes and investment styles to meet a variety of client needs with our 584 billion in assets under management diversified across geographies, strategies and clients. 
 We offer or make available the following products and services through our Asset Management segment with a range of investment strategies across these different vehicles and accounts: 
 U.S. registered funds through the Columbia Management family of funds including retail mutual funds, exchange-traded funds and U.S. closed-end funds and variable insurance trust funds VIT Funds on which we earn management fees based on the underlying value of the assets and service fees. 
 Non-U.S. retail focused funds through Columbia Threadneedle include different risk-return options across regions, markets, asset classes and product structures, which include retail funds that are similar to U.S. mutual funds (such as Undertakings for the Collective Investment in Transferable Securities UCITS funds organized as Luxembourg-based investment companies with 
 5 

variable capital SICAVs and Irish and UK open-end investment companies OEICs ). In addition, this also includes a range of listed Investment Trusts, including F C Investment Trust PLC established in 1868. 
 European-based pooled investment funds designed for pensions, insurance companies and other institutional investors seeking solutions for liability or balance sheet asset management Liability Driven Investment or LDI ). 
 Institutional and retail separately managed accounts for a range of clients, including pension, profit-sharing, employee savings, sovereign wealth funds and endowment funds, accounts of large- and medium-sized businesses and governmental clients, as well as the accounts of high net worth individuals and smaller institutional clients, including tax-exempt and not-for-profit organizations for which we receive management and performance-related fees. 
 Other separately managed accounts, including those offered through models that represent assets under advisement. 
 Management of owned assets such as assets held in the general account of our RiverSource Life companies, Ameriprise Certificate Company, and Ameriprise Bank. 
 Management of CLOs, which includes providing collateral management services to special purpose vehicles which primarily invest in syndicated bank loans and issue multiple tranches of securities collateralized by the assets for which we earn fees based on the value of assets and performance-based fees. 
 Private funds of various types where we provide investment management and related services to private, pooled investment vehicles organized as limited partnerships, limited liability companies, or other entities for which we may receive fees based on the value of the assets or performance-based fees. 
 Collective funds and separately managed accounts sponsored by Ameriprise Trust Company ATC and offered to certain qualified institutional clients such as retirement, pension, and profit-sharing plans for which we receive management fees. 
 Sub-advised accounts for certain U.S. and non-U.S. funds, private banking individually managed accounts, common trust funds, and other portfolios sponsored or advised by other firms for which we earn management fees and possibly performance-based fees. 
 Distribution 
 We maintain distribution teams and capabilities that aid the sales, marketing, and support of the products and services of our global asset management business. These distribution activities are generally organized into two major categories: retail distribution and institutional/high net worth distribution. However, alternatives and certain other areas have a level of specialized distribution. 
 Our Segments - Retirement Protection Solutions 
 RiverSource solutions are one way we deliver on the Ameriprise client experience and Confident Retirement approach. We offer clients annuities, life insurance, and disability insurance products to meet their needs or current stage in life whether that is covering essentials, ensuring lifestyle, preparing for the unexpected or leaving a legacy. RiverSource seeks to partner with our advisors to address clients goals and long-term needs at a differentiated level and provide a strong risk profile given the clients our advisors serve. 
 Retirement Solutions 
 We provide RiverSource annuity products to clients to help individuals address their asset accumulation and income goals through our advisors. Our advisor network is the only distributor of RiverSource annuity products, although advisors also offer fixed and variable annuities from selected unaffiliated insurers as well. As part of the continued evolution of the business model for our Retirement Protection Solutions segment, we continue to shift our focus away from annuities with living benefit guarantees and toward the accumulation solutions clients want (such as the structured variable annuity, a registered index-linked annuity, we introduced in 2020). We discontinued most new sales of our living benefit annuity solutions by the end of 2021 and new sales were completely discontinued as of mid-2022. Separately, in 2020, we discontinued new sales of fixed annuities and moved our Fixed Annuities and Fixed Indexed Annuities blocks to the Corporate Other segment as a closed block in addition to reinsuring over 90 of the fixed annuities in this closed block (as discussed below in more detail). 
 Revenues for our variable annuity products are primarily earned as fees based on a contractholder s benefit base, contract value or separate account values, which is impacted by both market movements and net asset flows. We also earn net investment income on general account assets supporting reserves for immediate annuities with a non-life contingent feature, for structured variable annuities, for certain guaranteed benefits and fixed investment options offered with variable annuities, and on capital supporting the business. In addition, we receive fees charged on assets allocated to our separate accounts to cover administrative costs and a portion of the management fees from the underlying investment accounts in which assets are invested. Revenues for our immediate annuities with a life contingent feature are earned as premium revenue. Intersegment revenues for this segment reflect fees paid by our Asset Management segment for marketing support and other services provided in connection with the availability of VIT Funds previously discussed. Intersegment expenses for this segment include distribution expenses for services provided by our Advice Wealth Management segment, as well as expenses for investment management services provided by our Asset Management segment. All intersegment activity is eliminated in our consolidated results. 
 6 

Protection 
 We provide life and disability income insurance products to address the protection and risk management needs of our retail clients. Though our advisors may also offer insurance products of unaffiliated carriers, we offer RiverSource insurance products exclusively through our advisors. The primary sources of revenues for our protection business are premiums, fees and charges we receive to assume insurance-related risk. We earn net investment income on owned assets supporting insurance reserves and on capital supporting the business. We also receive fees based on the level of the RiverSource Life companies separate account assets supporting variable universal life investment options. The protection products earn intersegment revenues from fees paid by our Asset Management segment for marketing support and other services provided in connection with the availability of VIT Funds under the variable universal life contracts. Intersegment expenses for the protection products include distribution expenses for services provided by our Advice Wealth Management segment, as well as expenses for investment management services provided by our Asset Management segment. All intersegment activity is eliminated in our consolidated results. 
 RiverSource Insurance Products 
 Through the RiverSource Life companies and our Retirement Protection Solutions segment we currently offer the following products: 
 Variable annuities provide returns linked to underlying investments of the contractholder s choice of certain funds, as well as additional benefits, such as guaranteed minimum death benefits (but without living benefits for new sales after mid-2022). 
 Structured variable annuities use the performance of an underlying equity market index to determine earnings, up to either a cap or floor. 
 Variable universal life insurance provides life insurance coverage along with investment returns linked to underlying investment accounts of the policyholder s choice. 
 Universal life insurance credits interest at fixed interest rates. Universal life insurance may also contain product features that credit interest at a rate linked to an underlying equity market index. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we discontinued new sales of universal life insurance with secondary guarantees and single-pay fixed universal life with a long term care rider. 
 Term life insurance provides a death benefit, but it does not accumulate cash value. 
 Disability income insurance provides monthly benefits to individuals who are unable to earn income either at their occupation at time of disability or at any suitable occupation for premium payments that are guaranteed not to change. 
 Our sales of RiverSource individual life insurance in 2022, as measured by scheduled annual premiums, lump sum and excess premiums and single premiums, consisted of approximately 92 variable universal life, 5 universal life and 3 term life. 
 Reinsurance 
 We reinsure a portion of the insurance risks associated with our currently offered life and disability income products (as well as previously sold fixed annuity, fixed indexed annuity, life contingent immediate annuity and long term care products included in our Corporate Other segment) through reinsurance agreements with unaffiliated reinsurance companies. We use reinsurance to limit losses, reduce exposure to large risks, and provide additional capacity for continued product offerings. To manage exposure to losses from reinsurer insolvencies, we evaluate the financial condition of reinsurers prior to entering into new reinsurance treaties and on a periodic basis during the terms of the treaties. Our insurance companies remain primarily liable as the direct insurers on all risks reinsured. See Note 7 and Note 8 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on reinsurance. At a general level, we reinsure some or all of the following (with the closed blocks in our Corporate Other segment): 
 Product Reinsurance Type Term Life and Disability Income Coinsurance Universal Life Variable Universal Life Renewable Term Life Contingent Immediate Annuity Coinsurance Fixed Annuity (closed block in Corporate Other) Coinsurance Long Term Care (closed block in Corporate Other) Coinsurance 
 Our Segments - Corporate Other 
 Our Corporate Other segment consists of closed blocks of business and net investment income or loss on corporate level assets, including excess capital held in our subsidiaries and other unallocated equity and other revenues as well as unallocated corporate expenses. 
 Closed Block Long Term Care Insurance 
 Prior to December 31, 2002, the RiverSource Life companies underwrote stand-alone long term care LTC insurance. We discontinued offering LTC insurance as of December 31, 2002. A large majority of our closed block LTC is comprised of nursing home indemnity LTC or comprehensive reimbursement LTC. Generally, our policyholders are eligible for LTC benefits if they become cognitively impaired or unable to perform certain activities of daily living. 
 7 

Nursing home indemnity LTC policies provide a predefined daily benefit if the insured is confined to a nursing home, subject to various maximum benefit periods, regardless of actual expenses of the policyholder. Our older generation nursing home indemnity LTC policies were primarily written between 1989 through 1999 and represent nearly one half of our policies. 
 Comprehensive reimbursement LTC policies provide a predefined maximum daily benefit if the insured is confined to a nursing home and covers a variety of LTC expenses including assisted living, home and community care, adult day care and similar placement programs, subject to various maximum total benefit payment pools, on a cost-reimbursement basis. Our second-generation comprehensive reimbursement LTC policies were written from 1997 until 2002. 
 Our closed block LTC was sold on a guaranteed renewable basis which allows us to re-price in force policies, subject to regulatory approval. Premium rates for LTC policies vary by age, benefit period, elimination period, home care coverage and benefit increase option. Premium rates are based on assumptions concerning morbidity, mortality, persistency, administrative expenses, investment income and profit. We develop our assumptions based on our own claims and persistency experience. In line with the market, we have pursued nationwide premium rate increases for many years and expect to continue to pursue rate increases over the next several years. In general, since very little of our LTC business is subject to rate stability regulation, we have historically followed a policy of pursuing smaller, more frequent increases in order to align policyholder and historic shareholder objectives but have recently pursued larger increases as an additional method to manage the LTC business. We also provide policyholders with options to reduce their coverage to lessen or eliminate the additional financial outlay that would otherwise result. 
 For existing LTC policies, RiverSource Life has continued ceding 50 of the risk on a coinsurance basis to subsidiaries of Genworth Financial, Inc. Genworth and retains the remaining risk. For RiverSource Life of NY, this reinsurance arrangement applies for 1996 and later issues only. Under these agreements, we have the right, but never the obligation, to recapture some, or all, of the risk ceded to Genworth. 
 For more information regarding LTC, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Corporate Other included in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Closed Block Fixed Annuities 
 In 2020, we discontinued new sales of fixed annuities and moved the Fixed Annuities and Fixed Indexed Annuities blocks to the Corporate Other segment as a closed block. In this closed block, as of December 31, 2022, we have 7.1 billion of account value associated with our fixed annuities of which 90 has been ceded by RiverSource Life on a coinsurance basis to Global Atlantic Financial Group s subsidiary Commonwealth Annuity and Life Insurance Company Commonwealth under customary reinsurance arrangements with a comfort trust. For the ceded policies, RiverSource Life ceded 100 of the risk on a coinsurance basis. 
 Competition 
 We operate in a highly competitive global industry. As a diversified financial services firm, we compete directly with a variety of financial institutions, including registered investment advisers, securities brokers, asset managers, banks and insurance companies. We directly compete for the provision of products and services to clients, as well as for our financial advisors and investment management personnel. Certain of our competitors offer web-based or mobile-based financial services and discount brokerage services, usually with lower levels of service, to individual clients. 
 Our Advice Wealth Management segment competes with securities broker-dealers, independent broker-dealers, financial planning firms, registered investment advisers, insurance companies and other banks and financial institutions to attract and retain financial advisors and clients. Competitive factors influencing our ability to attract and retain financial advisors include compensation structures, brand recognition and reputation, product offerings and innovation, and technology and service capabilities and support. Further, our financial advisors compete for clients with a range of other advisors, broker-dealers and direct channels. This includes wirehouses, regional broker-dealers, independent broker-dealers, insurers, banks, asset managers, registered investment advisers and direct distributors. Competitive factors influencing our ability to attract and retain clients include quality of advice provided, price, reputation, advertising and brand recognition, product offerings, technology offerings for clients and advisors and service quality. 
 Our Asset Management segment competes on a global basis against a substantial number of firms to acquire and retain managed and administered assets, including firms in the categories listed above. Competitive factors influencing our performance in this industry include investment performance, product offerings and innovation, product ratings, fee structures, advertising, technology and service quality, brand recognition, reputation and the ability to attract and retain investment personnel. Furthermore, changes in investment preferences or investment management strategy (for example, active or passive investing styles), client interest in funds with particular environmental, social, or governance practices, client or regulatory requirements on use of client commissions for research, and downward pressure on fees may present various challenges to our business and could cause clients to favor certain competitors, such as those that focus more on passive investing styles. The impact of these factors on our business may vary from country to country and certain competitors may have competitive advantage in certain jurisdictions. 
 Competitors of our Retirement Protection Solutions segment consist of both stock and mutual insurance companies. Competitive factors affecting the sale of variable annuity and insurance products include distribution capabilities, price, product features and innovation, hedging capability, investment performance, commission structure, perceived financial strength and financial strength 
 8 

ratings, claims-paying ratings, technology and service, advertising, brand recognition and financial strength ratings from rating agencies such as A.M. Best. 
 Human Capital Management 
 Ameriprise Financial has a strong values-driven and inclusive culture that is the foundation of all that we do. While our individual business lines serve different client needs, we have a common vision and values that drive our business and how we work with clients and each other. Our values are the following: 
 Client focused; 
 Integrity always; 
 Excellence in all we do; and 
 Respect for the individuals and for the communities in which we live and work. 
 We are committed to providing an excellent employee and advisor experience for all of our people. This includes approximately 13,500 global employees, including our corporate employees and employee financial advisors. We have approximately 8,200 additional advisors who choose to affiliate with us through our franchise advisor group. Our long-term success requires us to attract, retain, engage and develop a diverse, high-performing workforce with a comprehensive development curriculum, strong leadership and a comprehensive and competitive benefits program and resources to support our employees well-being. We develop our client-focused workforce through leader engagement in our professional development programs, including those that support new talent, as well as those that enhance and develop our internal talent to grow and explore their career potential at Ameriprise. 
 We continually invest in our human capital programs and capabilities to ensure a highly competitive employee value proposition and our Board of Directors engages in these topics and has primary responsibility for CEO succession. Additionally, the Board annually reviews our senior executive succession plans and broader talent development status in support of our corporate strategy, and frequently discusses talent topics at meetings. The Board and the Compensation and Benefits Committee are regularly updated on human capital management topics and dedicate time to reviewing and discussing our company culture, talent development, retention and recruiting initiatives, diversity, equity and inclusion DEI strategy, and our annual engagement survey feedback. 
 In 2022, our strong corporate culture yielded the following results: 
 Our employee engagement results are among the strongest in the industry exceeding industry benchmarks overall at 85 with particular strength in the metrics of integrity, leader effectiveness, respect, and client focus. Consistent with prior years, we had strong participation with 93 of employees participating in our survey. 
 We prioritize professional development, with 95 of our employees participating in development training. We continue to invest in our employees development, and, in addition to annual training requirements and annual compliance training, we encourage all employees to participate in our professional development programs, including core curriculum for new hires and a Transformational Leader Program for officers. Leaders are further supported by a broad selection of online courses, workshops, mentoring opportunities, networking events, and peer-to-peer programs. 
 In addition to recruiting talented professionals to join Ameriprise, we retained 91 of our high-performing employees. 
 Within our advisor force, the retention rate among affiliated advisors who have been with us for more than 10 years remained strong at 95 . 
 We have also continued to attract experienced, productive advisors, with 340 experienced advisors moving their practices to Ameriprise in 2022 and approximately 1,700 over the last 5 years. 
 Our global workforce is comprised of 40 women and among our U.S.-based employees 20 are ethnically diverse. More detail on our workforce composition with a summary of our Equal Employment Opportunity metrics can be found in our Ameriprise Responsible Business report, which is available on our website. Information contained on or accessible through our websites is not incorporated into and does not form a part of this Form 10-K or any other report or document we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 With regard to DEI, our vision is to foster an inclusive culture and diverse workforce so that everyone at Ameriprise feels like they belong, grow and contribute to a culture that helps them realize their potential. One way in which we measure our progress is through our DEI index from our engagement survey that increased to 87 (+2pts) in 2022. These results and our progress are guided by our comprehensive DEI strategy and plan that is approved by the Chairman and CEO and reviewed by our Board. We invest in programs to attract, retain and advance diverse talent, including a robust leadership development curriculum and training for employees and advisors. In 2022, we continued to evolve our capabilities to support our strategy, including a new Allyship training course, a gender inclusion training curriculum and continuing to enhance our measurement and diagnostic capabilities. Our focus on fostering a diverse and inclusive culture is also reflected in the policies and practices that promote a safe, inclusive and respectful workplace. Our 12 business resource networks engage more than 13,000 employee and advisor participants globally each year to promote cultural awareness and community involvement while providing them with wellness and career development resources. 
 Another important priority is our investment in total rewards and benefits programs that are designed to attract, retain, and motivate employees with deliberate alignment of rewards with performance. Weighing both individual goal achievement (the what and leadership performance (the how is critical to driving strong business results. We have a competitive total rewards approach that 
 9 

includes base salary, annual cash awards and long-term incentives as well as a comprehensive benefits strategy for employees that focuses on physical, social, emotional and financial wellness. 
 Despite the complexities in the external environment over the last few years associated with the pandemic, volatility in the equity and bond markets and labor market challenges, we have continued to successfully execute on our strategy and deliver solid performance, reflecting the strength and resiliency of our values-based, inclusive culture. Our human capital strategy has served as an anchor through the disruptions in the external environment. We have adjusted well and successfully executed a thoughtful, balanced return-to-office strategy ahead of many of our peers. 
 We are supporting our employees with a focus on all aspects of the employee experience, helping them maintain balance and supporting flexibility through formal and informal work arrangements, and investing in their growth and development. We are listening to our clients, advisors, employees, and shareholders to reinforce our culture, strengthen relationships, and meet our business objectives. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We rely on a combination of contractual rights and copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws and registrations to establish and protect our intellectual property. In the U.S. and other jurisdictions, we have established and registered, or filed applications to register, certain trademarks and service marks that we consider important to the marketing of our products and services, including but not limited to the Ameriprise Financial, Threadneedle, RiverSource, Columbia Threadneedle and Columbia Threadneedle Investments brands. We have in the past and will continue to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. 
 Enterprise Risk Management 
 Enterprise risk management and our risk management program is an important component in how we manage our business. All subsidiaries of Ameriprise must comply with Ameriprise s enterprise risk management policy and framework, which: (i) establishes a structure for effective enterprise risk management, including oversight and governance; (ii) delineates key constituent roles and responsibilities; and (iii) imposes a number of core risk management processes. The enterprise risk management policy is designed to manage risks that may impact Ameriprise, including capital, credit, market, liquidity, operational, strategic, reputational, legal and compliance, and product. The enterprise risk management policy is supported by underlying risk policies at business units that provide further detail on the business unit s risk governance, appetite, and tolerance. 
 Regulation 
 Virtually all aspects of our business, including the activities of the parent company and our subsidiaries, are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations. These laws and regulations provide broad regulatory, administrative and enforcement powers to supervisory agencies and other bodies, including U.S. federal and state regulatory and law enforcement agencies, foreign government agencies or regulatory bodies and U.S. and foreign securities exchanges. The costs of complying with such laws and regulations are significant and increasing, and the consequences for the failure to comply may include civil or criminal charges, fines, censure, the suspension of individual employees, restrictions on or prohibitions from engaging in certain lines of business (or in certain states or countries), revocation of certain registrations and reputational damage. We have made and expect to continue to make significant investments in our compliance and supervision processes, enhancing policies, procedures and oversight to monitor our compliance with the numerous legal and regulatory requirements applicable to our business. 
 We operate in a highly scrutinized regulatory environment and it remains subject to change. Regulatory developments, both in and outside of the U.S., have resulted or are expected to result in greater regulatory oversight and internal compliance obligations for firms across the financial services industry. In addition, we continue to see enhanced legislative and regulatory interest regarding retirement investing and fiduciary initiatives, as well as environmental, social and governance ESG consideration and responsible investing, cybersecurity and resilience, responsible information and data use, financial crime prevention, and privacy and information security matters, and we will continue to closely review and monitor any legislative or regulatory proposals and changes. States in the U.S. and jurisdictions outside the U.S. continue to add new complexity to the patchwork of laws and regulations already in existence relating to privacy and cybersecurity, and we are expecting similar new laws at the federal level and in multiple states in the U.S. The same complexity resulting from multiple standards exists for retirement investing where individual states and federal regulators continue to propose or enact their own rules. These legal and regulatory changes have impacted and may in the future impact how we are regulated and how we operate and govern our businesses. 
 The discussion and overview set forth below provides a general framework of the primary laws and regulations impacting our businesses. Certain of our subsidiaries may be subject to one or more elements of this regulatory framework depending on the nature of their business, the products and services they provide and the geographic locations in which they operate. To the extent the discussion includes references to statutory and regulatory provisions, it is qualified in its entirety by reference to these statutory and regulatory provisions and is current only as of the date of this report. 
 10 

Advice Wealth Management Regulation 
 Certain of our subsidiaries are registered with the SEC as broker-dealers under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act and with certain states, the District of Columbia and other U.S. territories. Our broker-dealer subsidiaries are also members of self-regulatory organizations, including Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ), and are subject to the regulations of these organizations. The SEC and FINRA have stringent rules with respect to the net capital requirements (which includes rules around 
 11 

customer protection) and the marketing and trading activities of broker-dealers. Our broker-dealer subsidiaries, as well as our financial advisors and other personnel, must obtain all required state and FINRA licenses and registrations to engage in the securities business and take certain steps to maintain such registrations in good standing. SEC regulations also impose notice requirements and capital limitations on the payment of dividends by a broker-dealer to a parent, and they have proposed regulations regarding cybersecurity programs and the public reporting of incidents impacting broker-dealers like ours. 
 Our financial advisors are representatives of a dual registrant, meaning it is registered both as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 Advisers Act and as a broker-dealer. Our advisors are subject to various regulations that impact how they operate their practices, including those related to supervision, sales methods, trading practices, record-keeping and financial reporting. In addition, because our independent contractor advisor platform is structured as a franchise system, we are also subject to Federal Trade Commission and state franchise requirements. As noted earlier, we continue to see enhanced legislative and regulatory interest regarding retirement investing and financial advisors, including proposed rules, regulatory priorities or general discussions around transparency and disclosure in advisor compensation and recruiting, identifying and managing conflicts of interest and enhanced data collection. 
 The SEC s Regulation Best Interest standard of care became effective June 30, 2020 and the SEC continues to issue various statements and other guidance on complying with the regulation. Furthermore, several states have either issued their own best interest or fiduciary rules or are considering doing so and those rules may be limited to certain types of products (e.g. insurance and annuities, financial planning, etc.) or may broadly cover all recommendations made by financial advisors. The U.S. Department of Labor DOL finalized its voluntary exemption for providing investment advice to retirement account clients and has reinstated prior guidance for determining who is an investment advice fiduciary under pension regulations. While not a regulator, the Certified Financial Planner Board professional standards of conduct includes a fiduciary standard that applies to financial advisors who hold a Certified Financial Planner designation. Considering the various fiduciary rules and regulations that continue to be proposed, finalized, and sometimes withdrawn or amended, we continue to exert significant efforts to evaluate and prepare to comply with each rule. 
 Other agencies, exchanges and self-regulatory organizations of which certain of our broker-dealer subsidiaries are members, and subject to applicable rules and regulations of, include the Commodities Futures Trading Commission CFTC and the National Futures Association NFA ). Certain subsidiaries may also be registered as insurance agencies and may be subject to the regulations described in the following sections. 
 Asset Management Regulation 
 U.S. Regulation 
 Certain of our asset management subsidiaries are registered as investment advisers under the Advisers Act and are subject to regulation by the SEC. The Advisers Act imposes numerous obligations on registered investment advisers, including fiduciary duties, disclosure obligations and record-keeping, and operational and marketing restrictions. Our registered investment advisers may also be subject to certain obligations of the Investment Company Act based on their status as investment advisers to U.S. registered investment companies that we, or third parties, sponsor. As noted earlier, we continue to see enhanced legislative and regulatory interest regarding financial services in the U.S. through rules, regulatory priorities or general discussion. This trend is especially true globally where regulators remain active, including in Europe. Any future regulation could potentially require new approaches which increase our regulatory burdens and costs. 
 Many aspects of the regulation that applies to our Advice Wealth Management segment also apply to our Asset Management segment. For example, Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc. is registered as a broker-dealer for the limited purpose of acting as the principal underwriter and distributor for Columbia Management funds and other products. Additionally, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), the SEC s best interest standards, state and other fiduciary or best interest rules, as well as other similar standards and any rulemaking from the DOL would be relevant to our global asset management business. We continue to review and analyze the potential impact of these regulations across each of our business lines. 
 In addition, certain of our asset management subsidiaries are registered with the CFTC as a commodity trading advisor and commodity pool operator and are also members of the NFA. In this regard, we are subject to additional registration and reporting requirements with respect to certain registered investment companies and other pooled vehicles that use or trade in futures, swaps and other derivatives that are subject to CFTC regulation. 
 U.K. Regulation 
 Outside of the U.S., Columbia Threadneedle is authorized to conduct its financial services business in the U.K. under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. A number of legal entities in the Columbia Threadneedle business are currently regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority FCA and one entity in the Columbia Threadneedle business is also regulated by the Prudential Regulation Authority PRA ). FCA and PRA rules impose certain capital, operational and compliance requirements and allow for disciplinary action in the event of noncompliance. As with the U.S. regulatory environment, we continue to see enhanced legislative and regulatory interest regarding financial services. Key U.K. regulatory developments and trends include the following: 
 Operational Resilience. Under this new U.K. regulatory requirement, in scope firms must identify their important business services, which if unavailable, could cause intolerable harm to clients, which they could not reasonably recover, or market 
 12 

disruption. The regulations introduce a new concept of impact tolerance and firms are also required to stress test their important business services and appoint a senior manager accountable for the regime. 
 Financial Resilience. EU and U.K. regulators have revised the prudential regime applying to asset managers and investment firms. This is being phased in over a five-year period and introduces a number of new concepts, including new capital requirements. 
 FCA Consumer Duty . The FCA is introducing a new Consumer Duty that will set higher expectations for the standard of care that firms provide to retail consumers. 
 Our U.K. asset management business must comply with local EU and country requirements as a non-EU firm, which includes leveraging our various EU-based affiliated entities (such as those in Luxembourg and the Netherlands) to provide services and marketing to EU clients and investors. We continue to actively monitor the political activity around Brexit, including with respect to the continued permissibility of the delegation of asset management services from the EU to non-EU countries such as the U.S. and U.K. We have an established fund range domiciled in Luxembourg (both UCITS and Alternative Investment Funds), Ireland and the Netherlands, along with Luxembourg-based and Netherlands-based affiliated management companies. Our Luxembourg and Netherlands affiliates may perform fund management, administration and distribution functions. Therefore, we are well placed to continue to serve investors in the EU. 
 Pan-European and Other Non-U.S. Regulation 
 In addition to the above, certain of our asset management subsidiaries and branches are required to comply with pan-European directives as issued by the European Commission and adopted by EU member states. Certain of these directives have impacted and will continue to impact our global asset management business. For example, certain of our asset management subsidiaries are required to comply with the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive MiFID II ), Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation MiFIR ), Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive AIFMD ), European Market Infrastructure Regulation EMIR , UCITS and the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation SFDR and the Packaged Retail and Insurance-based Investment Products Regulation PRIIPs ). These requirements impact the way we manage assets and place, settle and report on trades for our clients, as well as market to clients and prospects. Similar to the developments in the U.S., we continue to see enhanced legislative and regulatory interest regarding financial services through international markets, including in the U.K. and EU where we have a substantial asset management business. These international rules, proposed rules, regulatory priorities or general discussions may impact us directly or indirectly, including as a regulated entity or as a service provider to, or a business receiving services from or engaging in transactions with, regulated entities. In addition to regulations noted in this section, within the EU and the U.K. we have been and will continue to address regulatory reforms or structural changes including but not limited to: enhanced regulatory focus and specific EU regulations on sustainable finance and ESG; Senior Manager and Certification Regime U.K. only); Solvency II; Market Abuse Regulation; Transparency Directive II; Fifth Money Laundering Directive; EU Benchmarks Regulation; Money Market Fund Regulation; Shareholder Rights Directive; Securitisation Regulation; and Criminal Finance Act. In addition, although the U.K. has now left the EU, the U.K. regulators may choose to implement future EU regulations and apply them in the U.K. potentially with significant variation from the EU regulations and potentially increasing the complexity and costs for our compliance with divergent sets of rules. 
 Columbia Threadneedle companies or activities are also subject to various local country or jurisdiction regulations and to corresponding regulators in Europe, Canada, Dubai, Hong Kong, Singapore, South Korea, South America and Australia. With our growth in the EU, including the acquisition of the BMO Global Asset Management (EMEA) business, we have (and will continue to have) greater engagement with the Luxembourg, Irish and Dutch regulators. 
 Other Securities Regulation 
 Ameriprise Certificate Company is regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. As a registered investment company, Ameriprise Certificate Company must observe certain governance, disclosure, record-keeping, operational and marketing requirements. Ameriprise Certificate Company pays dividends to the parent company and is subject to capital requirements under applicable law and understandings with the SEC and the Minnesota Department of Commerce (Banking Division). 
 Ameriprise Trust Company is primarily regulated by the Minnesota Department of Commerce (Banking Division) and is subject to capital adequacy requirements under Minnesota law. It is prohibited from accepting deposits or making personal or commercial loans. As a provider of products and services to tax-qualified retirement plans and IRAs, certain aspects of our business, including the activities of our trust company, fall within the compliance oversight of the DOL and the Department of Treasury, particularly regarding the enforcement of ERISA, and the tax reporting requirements applicable to such accounts. Ameriprise Trust Company, as well as our investment adviser subsidiaries, may be subject to ERISA, and the regulations thereunder, insofar as they act as a fiduciary under ERISA with respect to certain ERISA clients. 
 Insurance Regulation 
 Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to supervision and regulation by states and other territories where they are domiciled or otherwise licensed to do business. These regulations impact our Retirement Protection Solutions segment and our closed-blocks included in Corporate Other segment. The primary purpose of this regulation and supervision is to protect the interests of contract holders and policyholders. In general, state insurance laws and regulations govern standards of solvency, capital requirements, the 
 13 

licensing of insurers and their agents, premium rates, policy forms, the nature of and limitations on investments, periodic reporting requirements and other matters. In addition, state regulators conduct periodic examinations into insurer market conduct and compliance with insurance and securities laws. The Minnesota Department of Commerce, and the New York State Department of Financial Services (the Domiciliary Regulators regulate certain of the RiverSource Life companies. In addition to being regulated by their Domiciliary Regulators, our RiverSource Life companies are regulated by each of the insurance regulators in the states where each is authorized to transact business. Financial regulation of our RiverSource Life companies is extensive, and their financial transactions (such as intercompany dividends and investment activity) may be subject to pre-approval and/or continuing evaluation by the Domiciliary Regulators. 
 Aspects of the regulation applicable to our Advice Wealth Management segment also apply to our Retirement Protection Solutions segment and the closed blocks in our Corporate Other segment. For example, RiverSource Distributors is registered as a broker-dealer for the limited purpose of acting as the principal underwriter and/or distributor for our RiverSource annuities and insurance products sold through Ameriprise Financial Services, LLC AFS and third-party channels. Additionally, ERISA, the SEC s best interest standards, state and other fiduciary or best interest rules, as well as other similar standards and any rulemaking from the DOL are relevant to our insurance and annuities business or products. We continue to review and analyze the potential impact of these regulations across each of our business lines. 
 All states require participation in insurance guaranty associations, which assess fees (subject to statutory limits) to insurance companies in order to fund claims of policyholders and contract holders of insolvent insurance companies. These assessments are generally based on a member insurer s proportionate share of all premiums written by member insurers in the state during a specified period prior to an insurer s insolvency. See Note 25 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding guaranty association assessments. 
 Certain variable annuity and variable life insurance contracts offered by the RiverSource Life companies, and certain separate accounts supporting such contracts, constitute and are registered as securities under the Securities Act of 1933 and as investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. As such, these products are subject to regulation by the SEC and FINRA. 
 The Federal Insurance Office FIO within the U.S. Department of Treasury does not have substantive regulatory responsibilities, though it is tasked with monitoring the insurance industry and the effectiveness of its regulatory framework in addition to providing periodic reports to the President and Congress. We monitor the FIO s activity to identify and assess emerging regulatory priorities with potential application to our business. 
 Each of our insurance subsidiaries is subject to risk-based capital RBC requirements designed to assess the adequacy of an insurance company s total adjusted capital in relation to its investment, insurance and other risks. The National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAIC has established RBC standards that all state insurance departments have adopted. The RBC requirements are used by the NAIC and state insurance regulators to identify companies that merit regulatory actions designed to protect policyholders. The NAIC RBC report is completed as of December 31 and filed annually, along with the statutory financial statements. 
 Our RiverSource Life companies are subject to various levels of regulatory intervention if their total adjusted statutory capital falls below defined RBC action levels. At the company action level, defined as total adjusted capital level between 100 and 75 of the RBC requirement, an insurer must submit a plan for corrective action with its primary state regulator. The level of regulatory intervention is greater at lower levels of total adjusted capital relative to the RBC requirement. RiverSource Life and RiverSource Life of NY maintain capital levels well in excess of the company action level required by state insurance regulators as noted below as of December 31, 2022: 
 Entity Company Action Level RBC Total Adjusted Capital of Company Action Level RBC (in millions, except percentages) RiverSource Life 571 3,103 543 RiverSource Life of NY 40 320 801 
 Ameriprise Financial, as a direct and indirect owner of its insurance subsidiaries, is subject to the insurance holding company laws of Minnesota and New York (the states where its insurance subsidiaries are domiciled). These laws generally require insurance holding companies to register with the insurance department of the insurance company s state of domicile and to provide certain financial and other information about the operations of the companies within the holding company structure. 
 As part of its Solvency Modernization Initiative, in 2010 the NAIC adopted revisions to its Insurance Holding Company System Regulatory Act Holding Company Act to enhance insurer group supervision and create a new Risk Management and Own Risk and Solvency Assessment ORSA Model Act. The Holding Company Act revisions focus on the overall insurance holding company system, establish a framework of regulator supervisory colleges, enhancements to corporate governance, and require the annual filing of an Enterprise Risk Management Report. The ORSA Model Act requires that an insurer create and file, annually, its Own Risk Solvency Assessment, which is a complete self-assessment of its risk management functions and capital adequacy. These 
 14 

laws were enacted by the domiciliary states of RiverSource Life: Minnesota and New York. We complete and file these reports as required by the laws and regulations of those states. Insurance regulation and supervision also goes beyond direct regulation of our insurance companies in other ways. For example, while Minnesota and New York have not yet implemented the NAIC s Group Capital Calculation , what is approved will create new capital frameworks for us depending on any final rules from the FRB arising out of its still pending 2019 proposal discussed below that may supersede such Minnesota or New York requirements. 
 Federal Banking and Financial Holding Company Regulation 
 Ameriprise Bank is subject to regulation by the OCC, which is the primary regulator of federal savings banks, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB and by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC in its role as insurer of Ameriprise Bank's deposits. As a federally chartered savings bank, Ameriprise Bank is subject to numerous rules and regulations governing all aspects of the banking business, including lending practices and transactions with affiliates. Ameriprise Bank is also subject to specific capital rules and limits on capital distributions, including payment of dividends. If Ameriprise Bank's capital falls below certain levels, the OCC would be required to take remedial actions and could take other actions, including imposing further limits on dividends or business activities. In addition, an array of Community Reinvestment Act CRA ), fair lending and other consumer protection laws and regulations apply to Ameriprise Bank. 
 As the controlling company of Ameriprise Bank, Ameriprise Financial is a savings and loan holding company that is subject to regulation, supervision, and examination by the FRB. Ameriprise Financial has elected to be classified as a financial holding company subject to applicable regulation under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (the Bank Holding Company Act ). Further, FRB regulation and supervisory oversight of Ameriprise Financial includes examinations, regular financial reporting, and prudential standards, such as capital, liquidity risk management, and parameters for business conduct and internal governance. 
 Under the Bank Holding Company Act, bank holding companies and their banking subsidiaries are generally limited to the business of banking and activities closely related or incidental to banking, and going beyond these activities would require a conformance period request from the FRB. As a financial holding company, we may engage in activities that are financial in nature, incidental to an activity that is financial in nature, or complementary to a financial activity and that do not pose a substantial risk to the safety and soundness of depository institutions or the financial system generally. We may not, however, directly or indirectly acquire the ownership or control of more than 5 of any class of voting shares, or substantially all of the assets, of either a bank holding company (or a bank) without the prior approval of the FRB or of a non-financial company absent an available exemption. 
 In order to maintain Ameriprise s status as a financial holding company, Ameriprise Bank, as Ameriprise s sole insured depository institution subsidiary, must remain well-capitalized and well-managed under applicable regulations, and must receive at least a satisfactory rating in its most recent examination under the CRA. In addition, Ameriprise, as a financial holding company, must remain well-capitalized and well-managed in order to maintain its status as a financial holding company. Failure to meet one or more of these requirements would mean, depending on the violation and any agreement then reached with the FRB, Ameriprise Financial could not undertake new activities, continue certain activities or make acquisitions other than those generally permissible for bank holding companies until such violation is cured. 
 We are subject to what is commonly referred to as the Volcker Rule. The Volcker Rule prohibits banking entities, including us and our affiliates, from engaging in certain proprietary trading activities, as defined in the Volcker Rule, subject to exemptions for underwriting, market-making-related activities, asset management, risk-mitigating hedging and certain other activities. The Volcker Rule also prohibits certain investments and relationships by banking entities with covered funds, with a number of exemptions and exclusions. It also requires banking entities to have comprehensive compliance programs reasonably designed to ensure and monitor compliance with the Volcker Rule. 
 The FRB proposed a new capital framework termed the Building Block Approach in September 2019 (which is still pending and has not been finalized) for savings and loan holding companies like Ameriprise that are significantly engaged in insurance activities ISLHCs ). In general, under the proposed rule, ISLHCs would be required to aggregate state-based insurance capital requirements with banking capital requirements for non-insurance businesses to satisfy specific minimum total requirements and hold an additional capital conservation buffer. 
 Additional Parent Company Regulation and Other Regulation 
 Ameriprise Financial is a publicly traded company that is subject to SEC and New York Stock Exchange NYSE rules and regulations regarding public disclosure, financial reporting, internal controls and corporate governance. The adoption of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act significantly enhanced those rules and regulations. 
 We have operations in a number of geographical regions outside of the U.S. As such, we continuously monitor developments in EU legislation, as well as in the other markets in which we operate, to ensure that we comply with all applicable legal requirements, including EU directives applicable to financial institutions as implemented in the various member states. Because of the mix of business activities we conduct, we assess the impact of, and monitor our status under, the EU Financial Conglomerates Directive, which contemplates global supervision and prudential regulation of certain financial conglomerates involved in banking, insurance and investment activities. 
 15 

In 2017 and subsequent announcements, the FCA announced that London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR is to be phased out and secured agreement with panel banks to continue to submit to LIBOR during a transition period. All currencies, except U.S. Dollar, ceased publication on December 31, 2021, and U.S. Dollar LIBOR will cease publication after June 2023. Following our transition for currencies other than the U.S. Dollar which went as expected, we are preparing for the discontinuation and transition of U.S. Dollar LIBOR and other interbank offering rates IBORS on various aspects of our business and believe we will be well positioned as those benchmark rates transition to risk free rates. 
 Privacy, Environmental and Anti-Money Laundering Laws 
 Many aspects of our business are subject to comprehensive legal requirements concerning the use and protection of personal information, including client and employee information, from a multitude of different functional regulators and law enforcement bodies. This includes rules adopted pursuant to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act HIPAA ), the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health HITECH Act, an ever increasing number of state laws and regulations such as the New York State Department of Financial Services Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Companies, and California privacy legislation, as recently amended, EU data protection legislation, known as the Global Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), as implemented in the respective EU member states, the U.K. Data Protection Act, 2018 and U.K. GDPR, and data protection rules in other regions in which we operate outside the U.S. and the EU. We have also implemented policies and procedures in response to such requirements. We continue our efforts to safeguard the data entrusted to us in accordance with applicable laws and our internal data protection policies, including taking steps to reduce the potential for identity theft or other improper use or disclosure of personal information, while seeking to collect only the data that is necessary to properly achieve our business objectives and best serve our clients. To the extent we do experience an incident, we have developed and implemented a cybersecurity incident response manual, which we regularly exercise and update, as appropriate. 
 As the owner and operator of real property, we are subject to federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations. We periodically conduct certain air and water reviews on our own real estate as well as investment real estate to assess and support our compliance with these laws and regulations. 
 The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act, commonly referred to as the USA Patriot Act, was enacted in October 2001. It substantially broadened existing anti-money laundering legislation and the extraterritorial jurisdiction of the U.S. In response, we enhanced our existing anti-money laundering programs and developed new procedures and programs, including enhancing our know your customer and due diligence programs. We continuously review, update and enhance our anti-money laundering procedures and programs. In addition, we will continue to comply with anti-money laundering legislation in the U.K. derived from applicable EU directives and international initiatives adopted in other jurisdictions in which we conduct business. 
 Exchange Act Reports and Additional Information 
 We maintain an Investor Relations website at ir.ameriprise.com. Investors can also access the website through our main website at ameriprise.com by clicking on the Investor Relations link located at the bottom of our homepage (ameriprise.com). We use our Investor Relations website to announce financial and other information to investors and to make available SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. Investors and others interested in the company are encouraged to visit the Investor Relations website from time to time, as information is continuously updated and posted. Additionally, users can sign up to receive automatic notifications when new materials are posted. The information found on the website is not incorporated by reference into this report or in any other report or document we furnish or file with the SEC. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations and could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. We believe that the following information identifies the material factors affecting our company based on the information we currently know. However, the risks and uncertainties our company faces are not limited to those described below. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. 
 Market Risks 
 Our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by market fluctuations and by economic, political and other factors. 
 Our results of operations and financial condition may be materially affected by market fluctuations and by economic and other factors. Such factors, which can be global, regional, national or local in nature, include: (i) the level and volatility of the markets, including equity prices, interest rates, commodity prices, currency values and other market indices and drivers; (ii) geopolitical strain, terrorism and armed conflicts, (iii) political, social, economic and market conditions; (iv) the availability and cost of capital; (v) the ongoing coronavirus disease 2019 COVID-19 pandemic or other global health emergencies; (vi) technological changes and events; (vii) 
 16 

U.S. and foreign government fiscal and tax policies; (viii) U.S. and foreign government ability, real or perceived, to avoid defaulting on government securities; (ix) the availability and cost of credit and hedge markets; (x) the ongoing inflationary environment; (xi) investor sentiment and confidence in the financial markets; and (xii) natural disasters such as weather catastrophes and widespread health emergencies. Furthermore, changes in consumer economic variables, such as the number and size of personal bankruptcy filings, the rate of unemployment, decreases in property values, and the level of consumer confidence and consumer debt, may substantially affect consumer loan levels and credit quality, which, in turn, could impact client activity in all of our businesses. These factors also may have an impact on our ability to achieve our strategic objectives. 
 Declines and volatility in U.S. and global market conditions (such as those that resulted from the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent economic environment) have impacted our businesses in the past, are impacting us now and may do so again. Our businesses have been, and in the future may be, adversely affected by U.S. and global capital market and credit crises, the repricing of credit risk, equity market volatility and decline, and stress or recession in the U.S. and global economies generally. Each of our segments operates in these markets with exposure for us and our clients in securities, loans, derivatives, alternative investments, seed capital and other commitments. It is difficult to predict when, how long and to what extent the aforementioned adverse conditions will exist, which of our markets, products and businesses will be directly affected and to what extent our clients may seek to bring claims arising out of investment performance that is affected by these conditions. As a result, these factors could materially adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 These factors will also impact client behavior. Market downturns, stagnation, and volatility may cause, and have caused, individual investors to limit or decrease their participation in global markets negatively impacting our retail business and/or our product sales. Market conditions, regulatory actions, tax laws, and our competitive industry environment are among the reasons current shareholders in our mutual funds, OEICs, SICAVs, unit trusts, investment trusts and other pooled investment vehicles, contractholders in our annuity products and policyholders in our protection products may opt to withdraw cash values for those products (or for certain protection products, to reduce their withdrawal activity). If we are unable to offer appropriate product alternatives which encourage customers to continue purchasing in the face of actual or perceived market volatility, our sales and management fee revenues could decline. 
 Downturns and volatility in markets (including equity, fixed income, real estate, infrastructure and other markets) have had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on the revenues and returns from our asset management services, retail advisory accounts, variable annuity contracts, banking products and other products. Because the profitability of these products and services depends on fees related primarily to the value of assets under management, declines in the markets will reduce our revenues because the value of the investment assets we manage will be reduced. In addition, a significant portion of our revenue is derived from investment management agreements with the Columbia Management family of mutual funds which are terminable on 60 days notice. Although some contracts governing investment management services are subject to termination for failure to meet performance benchmarks, institutional and individual clients can terminate their relationships with us or our financial advisors at will or on relatively short notice. Further, a number of the products and services we make available to our clients are those offered by third parties and negative perceptions of these financial products and services (or the financial industry in general) may impact the number of withdrawals and redemptions or reduce purchases made by our clients, which would adversely impact the levels of our assets under management. Our clients can also reduce the aggregate amount of managed assets or shift their funds to other types of accounts with different rate structures, for any number of reasons, including investment performance, changes in prevailing interest rates, changes in investment preferences or investment management strategy (for example, active or passive investing styles), changes in our (or our advisors reputation in the marketplace, ESG factors, changes in client or relationship management, loss of key investment management personnel and financial market performance. This reduction in managed assets, and the associated decrease in revenues and earnings, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Most of our variable annuity products contain guaranteed minimum death benefits and a majority of our variable annuity products in force contain guaranteed minimum withdrawal and accumulation benefits. Decline or volatility in equity and/or bond markets could result in guaranteed minimum benefits being higher than what current account values would support, which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Discontinuing the sale of new fixed annuities and variable annuities with living benefits will lessen this risk over time. Although we have hedged a portion of the guarantees for the variable annuity contracts to mitigate the financial loss of equity and/or bond market declines or volatility, there can be no assurance that such a decline or volatility would not materially impact the profitability of certain products or product lines or our financial condition or results of operations. Further, the cost of hedging our liability for these guarantees has increased as a result of volatility in the equity markets, as well as broad-based market and regulatory-driven changes in the collateral requirements of hedge trading counterparties. In addition, heightened volatility (and the transition away from LIBOR as a widely accepted interest rate reference) creates greater uncertainty for future hedging effectiveness. 
 Changes in interest rates may affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Certain of our insurance, annuity, investment products, wrap fees and banking products are sensitive to interest rate fluctuations (inclusive of changes in credit spreads), which could cause future impacts associated with such fluctuations to differ from our historical costs. In addition, interest rate fluctuations could result in fluctuations in the valuation of certain minimum guaranteed benefits contained in some of our variable annuity products, something we saw as a result of volatility that resulted from the 
 17 

COVID-19 pandemic. Although we typically hedge to mitigate some of the effect of such fluctuations, significant changes in interest rates (or prolonged periods of low interest rates) could have a material adverse impact on the profitability of certain products or product lines or our results of operations or financial condition. In addition, as rates increase, the posting of collateral for liquidity needs will also increase as a result of the hedging of variable annuity products. Depending on how rapidly rates increase and other factors, we may need to access liquidity sources that are more costly, which could have a material adverse impact on profitability or our results of operations or financial condition. 
 Interest rate fluctuations also could have an adverse effect on the results of our investment portfolio. During periods of declining market interest rates or stagnancy of low interest rates, the interest we receive on variable interest rate investments decreases and we are forced to reinvest the cash we receive as interest or return of principal on our investments in lower-yielding high-grade instruments or in lower-credit instruments to maintain comparable returns. Issuers of certain callable fixed income securities also may decide to prepay their obligations in order to borrow at lower market rates, which increases the risk that we may have to reinvest the cash proceeds of these securities in lower-yielding or lower-credit instruments. 
 If there is a return to a period of prolonged low interest rates, our spread may be reduced or could become negative. Due to the long-term nature of the liabilities associated with certain of our businesses, such as long term care and universal life with secondary guarantees as well as guaranteed benefits on variable annuities, sustained declines in or stagnancy of low long-term interest rates may subject us to reinvestment risks and increased hedging costs. We periodically review and, where appropriate, adjust our assumptions. 
 As market interest rates increase, we may offer higher crediting rates on interest-sensitive products, such as universal life insurance and face-amount certificates, and we may increase crediting rates on in force products to keep these products competitive (which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations). Because yields on invested assets may not increase as quickly as current interest rates, we may have to accept a lower spread and thus lower profitability or face a decline in sales and greater loss of existing contracts and related assets. In addition, increases in market interest rates may cause increased policy surrenders, withdrawals from life insurance policies and annuity contracts and requests for policy loans, or changes in demands of certain bank or certificate products as policyholders, contractholders and clients seek to shift assets to products with perceived higher returns. This process may lead to an earlier than expected outflow of cash from our business. These withdrawals and surrenders may require investment assets to be sold at a time when the prices of those assets are lower because of the increase in market interest rates, which may result in investment losses. Also, increases in market interest rates may result in extension of certain cash flows from structured mortgage assets. An increase in policy surrenders and withdrawals also may require us to accelerate amortization of deferred acquisition costs DAC or other intangibles or cause an impairment of goodwill, which would increase our expenses and reduce our net earnings in the period. If higher market interest rates lead to inflows into interest-sensitive products (such as face-amount certificates and certain banking products) or other changes in product behavior, our capital requirements may increase as well. 
 Adverse capital and credit market conditions or a downgrade in our credit ratings may significantly affect our ability to meet liquidity needs, our access to capital and our cost of capital. 
 Volatility, uncertainty and disruption in the capital and credit markets may decrease available liquidity, which we may need to pay our expenses and dividends. If the market conditions hinder our availability to obtain capital, our business could suffer. 
 Our liquidity needs are satisfied primarily through our reserves and the cash generated by our operations. We believe the level of cash and securities we maintain, combined with expected cash inflows from investments and operations, is adequate to meet anticipated short-term and long-term payment obligations. In the event current resources are insufficient to satisfy our needs, we may access financing sources such as bank debt. Additional financing depends on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit, the volume of trading activities, the overall availability of credit to the financial services industry, our credit ratings and credit capacity, actions by our regulators, and perceptions held by shareholders, customers or lenders. 
 Further, the financial strength ratings which various rating organizations publish as a measure of an insurance company s ability to meet contractholder and policyholder obligations, are important to maintain public confidence in our products, our competitive position, and the ability to market our products. Any future downgrade in our financial strength ratings, or the announced potential for a downgrade, could potentially have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations in many ways, including: (i) reducing new sales of insurance and annuity products and investment products; (ii) adversely affecting our relationships with our advisors and third-party distributors of our products; (iii) materially increasing the number or amount of policy surrenders and withdrawals by contractholders and policyholders; (iv) requiring us to reduce prices for many of our products and services to remain competitive; and (v) adversely affecting our ability to obtain reinsurance or obtain reasonable pricing on reinsurance. 
 Ratings agencies have and may continue to increase the frequency and scope of their credit reviews, adjust upward the capital and other requirements employed in the rating organizations models for maintenance of ratings levels (including adjusting the framework under which they view our Company s business mix that drives these requirements), or downgrade ratings applied to particular classes of securities or types of institutions, and our ratings could be changed at any time and without any notice by the rating organizations. 
 Market conditions or decisions by our ratings agencies that hinder our access to capital may limit our ability to satisfy statutory capital targets, generate fee income and market-related revenue to meet liquidity needs and access the capital necessary to grow our business. As such, we may be forced to delay raising capital, issue different types of capital than we would otherwise, less effectively deploy 
 18 

such capital, or bear an unattractive cost of capital which could decrease our profitability and significantly reduce our financial flexibility. 
 Business Risks 
 Intense competition and the economies of scale for larger competitors could negatively impact our ability to maintain or increase our market share and profitability. 
 Our businesses operate in intensely competitive industries, including broker-dealers, banks, asset managers, insurers and other financial institutions, some of which have a larger market share, greater investments in technology and analytics, greater investment in advertising and brand, less regulation or greater financial resources than we do. Furthermore, our competitors may be better able to address trends, structural changes, or movement of assets resulting from industry changes in response to the uncertain regulatory environment in the U.S. and around the world. We could experience lower sales, higher costs, technology obsolescence or other developments that could negatively impact our results of operations. 
 A drop in our investment performance as compared to that of our competitors could negatively impact our revenues and profitability. 
 Investment performance is a key competitive factor for our retail and institutional asset management products and services. Strong investment performance helps to ensure the retention of our products and services by our clients and creates new sales of products and services. It may also result in higher ratings by ratings services such as Morningstar or Lipper, which may compound the foregoing effects. Strong investment performance and its effects are important elements to our stated goals of growing assets under management and greater economies of scale. 
 There can be no assurance as to how future investment performance will compare to our competitors or that historical performance will be indicative of future returns. Any drop or perceived drop in investment performance as compared to our competitors could cause a decline in sales of our mutual funds and other investment products, an increase in redemptions and the termination of institutional asset management relationships. These impacts may reduce our aggregate amount of assets under management and reduce management fees. Poor investment performance could also adversely affect our ability to expand the distribution of our products through unaffiliated third parties. Further, any drop in market share of mutual funds sales by our advisors may further reduce profits as sales of other companies mutual funds are less profitable than sales of our proprietary funds. 
 We face intense competition in attracting and retaining key talent. 
 Our continued success depends to a substantial degree on our ability to attract, motivate, engage and retain qualified people in a very competitive market. The financial services industry has always been a highly competitive industry; however, we are currently experiencing a surge in labor market activity. Higher turnover, fewer individuals entering the labor force, increased demand for flexibility and fully remote work, and wage sensitivity due to the inflationary environment have resulted in labor shortages, increased costs of labor, and complexity in recruiting and retaining talent. We continue to assess risk and invest in our employees to remain competitive, however, we also recognize that the possibility of increased turnover may impact our ability to attract, support and retain clients. We are also dependent on our network of advisors to drive growth and results in our wealth management business, and for a significant portion of the sales of our products, and the recruiting environment for financial advisors is highly competitive. In addition, the investment performance of our asset management products and services, and the retention of our products and services by our clients, are dependent upon the strategies and decisions of our portfolio managers and analysts. From time to time there are regulatory-driven or other trends and developments within the industry, such as changes around the Protocol for Broker Recruiting or the recent proposal by the Federal Trade Commission (and similar state proposals and general scrutiny) around non-competition agreements, that could potentially impact the dynamics between us and our competitors or negatively impact our business. If employees or advisors who maintain relationships with our clients leave, we may not be able to retain valuable relationships and our clients may choose to leave for a competitor. If we experience a prolonged inability to attract and retain qualified individuals or our recruiting and retention costs increase significantly, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely impacted. 
 The negative performance or default by other financial institutions or other third parties could adversely affect us. 
 We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including broker-dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, hedge funds, insurers, reinsurers, investment funds and other institutions. The operations of U.S. and global financial services institutions are interconnected and a decline in the financial condition of one or more financial services institutions may expose us to credit losses or defaults, limit our access to liquidity or otherwise disrupt the operations of our businesses. While we regularly assess our exposure to different industries and counterparties, the performance and financial strength of specific institutions are subject to rapid change, the timing and extent of which cannot be known. 
 Many transactions with and investments in the products and securities of other financial institutions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty. With respect to secured transactions, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral we hold cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices insufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure. We also have exposure to financial institutions in the form of unsecured debt instruments, derivative transactions (including with respect to derivatives hedging our exposure on variable annuity contracts with guaranteed benefits), reinsurance, repurchase and underwriting 
 19 

arrangements and equity investments. Any such losses or impairments to the carrying value of these assets could materially and adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 Issuers of the fixed maturity securities that we own may default on principal and interest payments. Some of our fixed maturity securities may have ratings below investment-grade. Default-related declines in the value of our fixed maturity securities portfolio or consumer credit holdings could cause our net earnings to decline and could also cause us to contribute capital to some of our regulated subsidiaries, which may require us to obtain funding during periods of unfavorable market conditions. 
 Capital and credit market volatility or a sudden devaluation of a specific product or security (such as happened with cryptocurrency) can exacerbate, and has exacerbated, the risk of third-party defaults, bankruptcy filings, foreclosures, legal actions and other events that may limit the value of or restrict our access and our clients access to cash and investments. Although we are not required to do so, we have elected in the past, and we may elect in the future, to compensate clients for losses incurred in response to such events, provide clients with temporary credit or liquidity or other support related to products that we manage, or provide credit liquidity or other support to the financial products we manage. If we elect to provide additional support, we could incur losses from the support we provide and incur additional costs, including financing costs, in connection with the support. These losses and additional costs could be material and could adversely impact our results of operations. If we were to take such actions we may also restrict or otherwise utilize our corporate assets, limiting our flexibility to use these assets for other purposes, and may be required to raise additional capital. 
 We may not be able to maintain our unaffiliated third-party distribution channels and the sale of unaffiliated products may diminish sales of our own products. 
 We distribute many of our investment products through unaffiliated third-party advisors and financial institutions. Maintaining and deepening relationships with these unaffiliated distributors is an important part of our growth strategy, as strong third-party distribution arrangements enhance our ability to market our products or service our clients and to increase our assets under management, revenues and profitability. Access to distribution channels is subject to intense competition due to the large number of competitors and products in the investment advisory industry as well as regulatory and consumer trends driving escalating compliance, disclosure and risk management requirements for distributors. Relationships with our distributors are subject to periodic negotiation that may result in increased distribution costs and/or reductions in the amount of our products marketed. 
 As a result, there can be no assurance that the distribution relationships we have established will continue. Any such reduction in access to third-party distributors may have a material adverse effect on our ability to market our products and to generate revenue in our Advice Wealth Management and Asset Management segments. Further, any increase in the costs to distribute our products or reduction in the type or amount of products made available for sale may have a material effect on our revenues and profitability. 
 The sale of third-party products to our clients (and further expansion of our advisor network s product suite to include additional products of unaffiliated insurance companies and asset managers) may lower sales of our companies own products, lead to higher surrenders or redemptions, or other developments which might not be fully offset by higher distribution revenues or other benefits, possibly resulting in an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Our valuation of fixed maturity and equity securities may include methodologies, estimations and assumptions which are subject to differing interpretations and could result in changes to investment valuations that may materially adversely impact our results of operations or financial condition. 
 Fixed maturity, equity, trading securities and short-term investments, which are reported at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, represent the majority of our total cash and invested assets. The determination of fair values by management in the absence of quoted market prices is based on valuation methodologies, securities we deem to be comparable, and assumptions deemed appropriate given the circumstances. The fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on available market information and judgments about financial instruments, including estimates of the timing and amounts of expected future cash flows and the credit standing of the issuer or counterparty. Factors considered in estimating fair value include: coupon rate, maturity, estimated duration, call provisions, sinking fund requirements, credit rating, industry sector of the issuer, current interest rates and credit spreads, and quoted market prices of comparable securities. The use of different methodologies and assumptions may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. 
 During periods of market disruption, including periods of significantly rising or high interest rates and rapidly widening credit spreads or illiquidity, it may be difficult to value certain of our securities. There may be certain asset classes that were in active markets with significant observable data that become illiquid due to the financial environment. In such cases, the valuation of certain securities may require additional subjectivity and management judgment. As such, valuations may include inputs and assumptions that are less observable and may require greater estimation as well as valuation methods that are more sophisticated, which may result in values less than the value at which the investments may be ultimately sold. Further, rapidly changing and unexpected credit and equity market conditions could materially impact the valuation of securities as reported within our consolidated financial statements and the period-to-period changes in value could vary significantly. Decreases in value may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 20 

The determination of the amount of allowances taken on certain loans and investments is subject to management s evaluation and judgment and could materially impact our results of operations or financial position. 
 The determination of the amount of allowances varies by investment type and is based upon our periodic evaluation and assessment of inherent and known risks associated with the respective asset class. 
 Management uses its best judgment in evaluating the cause of the decline in the estimated fair value of the security and in assessing the prospects for recovery. Inherent in management s evaluation of the security are assumptions and estimates about the operations of the issuer and its future earnings potential. The determination of the amount of allowances on loans is based upon the asset s expected life, considering past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable economic forecasts. Such evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available. Historical trends may not be indicative of future impairments or allowances. 
 Some of our investments are relatively illiquid and we may have difficulty selling these investments. 
 We invest a portion of our owned assets in certain privately placed fixed income securities, mortgage loans, and limited partnership interests, all of which are relatively illiquid. These asset classes represented 8.2 of the carrying value of our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022. If we require significant amounts of cash on short notice in excess of our normal cash requirements, we may have difficulty selling these investments in a timely manner or be forced to sell them for an amount less than we would otherwise have been able to realize, or both, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The elimination of LIBOR may adversely affect the interest rates on, and value of, certain derivatives and floating rate securities we hold, the activities we conduct, and any other assets or liabilities, the value of which is tied to LIBOR. 
 The elimination of LIBOR and transition to alternative reference rates may have an adverse impact on the value of, return on and trading markets for a broad array of financial products, including any LIBOR-based securities, loans and derivatives that are included in our financial assets and liabilities. U.S. Dollar LIBOR is anticipated to be phased out by June 30, 2023, and replaced by the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, and all other LIBOR currencies were phased out by December 31, 2021. There will continue to be work required to transition to the new benchmark rates for U.S. Dollar. In addition, LIBOR may perform differently during the phase-out period than in the past which could result in lower interest payments and a reduction in the value of certain assets, as well as fluctuations in certain mark-to-market derivative instruments. Accordingly, it is difficult to predict the full impact of the transition away from LIBOR on various derivatives, floating rate securities and other securities we hold, the activities we conduct in our various businesses, and any other assets or liabilities (as well as contractual rights and obligations), the value of which is tied to LIBOR. The value or profitability of these products and instruments, and our costs of operations, may be adversely affected until new reference rates and fallbacks for both legacy and new products, instruments and contracts are commercially in use. 
 Insurance Risks 
 The failure of other insurers could require us to pay higher assessments to state insurance guaranty funds. 
 Our insurance companies are required by law to be members of the guaranty fund association in every state where they are licensed to do business. In the event of insolvency of one or more unaffiliated insurance companies, our insurance companies could be adversely affected by the requirement to pay assessments to the guaranty fund associations. Uncertainty and volatility in the U.S. economy and financial markets in recent years have weakened or may weaken the financial condition of numerous insurers, including insurers currently in receivership, increasing the risk of triggering guaranty fund assessments upon order of liquidation. 
 If the counterparties to our reinsurance arrangements default or otherwise fail to fulfill their obligations, we may be exposed to risks we had sought to mitigate, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We use reinsurance to mitigate certain of our risks. Reinsurance does not relieve us of our direct liability to our policyholders and contractholders, even when the reinsurer is liable to us. Accordingly, we bear credit and performance risk with respect to our reinsurers, including Commonwealth and Genworth Life Insurance Company. In July 2016, we finalized various confidential enhancements with Genworth Life Insurance Company that have been shared, in the normal course of regular reviews, with our Domiciliary Regulators and rating agencies. A reinsurer s insolvency or its inability or unwillingness to make payments under the terms of our reinsurance agreement could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 If our reserves for future policy benefits and claims or for future certificate redemptions and maturities are inadequate, we may be required to increase our reserve liabilities, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We establish reserves as estimates of our liabilities to provide for future obligations under our insurance policies, annuities and investment certificate contracts. Reserves do not represent an exact calculation of the liability but, rather, are estimates of contract benefits and related expenses we expect to incur over time. The assumptions and estimates we make in establishing reserves require certain judgments about future experience and, therefore, are inherently uncertain. We cannot determine with precision the actual amounts that we will pay for contract benefits, the timing of payments, or whether the assets supporting our stated reserves will increase to the levels we estimate before payment of benefits or claims. We monitor our reserve levels continually. If we were to conclude that our reserves are insufficient to cover actual or expected contract benefits, we would be required to increase our reserves and incur income statement charges for the period in which we make the determination, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 21 

Our insurance profitability relies on our assumptions including those regarding morbidity rates, mortality rates and benefit utilization as well as the future persistency of our insurance policies and annuity contracts. 
 We set prices for RiverSource disability insurance (and historically LTC insurance) as well as some annuity products based upon expected claims payment patterns, derived from assumptions we make about our policyholders and contractholders, including expenses, fees, investment returns, and morbidity and mortality rates. The long-term profitability of these products depends upon how our actual experience compares with our pricing assumptions. Actual experience can differ from our assumptions for many reasons over the time an insurance product is held. If mortality rates are higher than our pricing assumptions, we could be required to make greater payments under our life insurance policies and annuity contracts with guaranteed minimum death benefits than we have projected. 
 The prices and profitability of our life insurance and deferred annuity products are based in part upon assumptions related to persistency (the probability that a policy or contract will remain in force from one period to the next). For most of our life insurance and deferred annuity products, actual persistency that is lower than our persistency assumptions could have an adverse impact on profitability, especially in the early years of a policy or contract because we would be required to accelerate the amortization of expenses we deferred in connection with the acquisition of the policy or contract. 
 For our LTC insurance, universal life insurance policies with secondary guarantees and variable annuities with guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits, actual persistency that is higher than our persistency assumptions could have a negative impact on profitability. If these policies remain in force longer than we assumed, we could be required to make greater benefit payments than we had anticipated when we priced or partially reinsured these products. 
 The risk that our claims experience may differ significantly from our pricing assumptions is particularly significant for our LTC insurance products notwithstanding our ability to implement future price increases with regulatory approvals. Though we discontinued offering LTC products in 2003, LTC insurance policies provide for long-duration coverage and, therefore, our actual claims experience will emerge over many years. Our ability to forecast future claim rates for LTC insurance is more limited than life insurance. We have sought to moderate these uncertainties to some extent by partially reinsuring LTC policies at the time the policies were underwritten and limiting our present stand-alone LTC insurance offerings to policies underwritten fully by unaffiliated third-party insurers, and we have also implemented rate increases and provided reduced benefit options on certain in force policies. 
 Because our assumptions regarding persistency experience are inherently uncertain, reserves for future policy benefits and claims may prove to be inadequate if actual persistency experience is different from those assumptions. Although some of our products permit us to increase premiums during the life of the policy or contract, we cannot guarantee that these increases would be sufficient to maintain profitability. Additionally, some of these pricing changes require regulatory approval, which may not be forthcoming. Moreover, many of our products do not permit us to increase premiums or limit those increases during the life of the policy or contract, while premiums on certain other products (primarily LTC insurance) may not be increased without prior regulatory approval. Significant deviations in experience from pricing expectations regarding persistency could have an adverse effect on the profitability of our products. 
 Operations Risks 
 A failure to protect our reputation could adversely affect our businesses. 
 Our reputation is one of our most important assets. Our ability to attract and retain customers, investors, employees and advisors is highly dependent upon external perceptions of our company. Damage to our reputation could cause significant harm to our business and prospects. Reputational damage may arise from numerous sources including litigation or regulatory actions, failing to deliver minimum standards of service and quality, compliance failures, any perceived or actual weakness in our financial strength or liquidity, clients or potential clients perceived failure of how we address certain political, environmental, social or governance topics, technological breakdowns, cybersecurity attacks, or other security breaches (including attempted breaches or inadvertent disclosures) resulting in improper disclosure of client or employee personal information, unethical or improper behavior and the misconduct or error of our employees, advisors and counterparties. Additionally, a failure to develop new products and services, or successfully manage associated operational risks, could harm our reputation and potentially expose us to additional costs, or negative public relations or social media campaigns. Any negative incidents can quickly erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse mainstream and social media publicity, governmental investigations or litigation. Adverse developments with respect to our industry may also, by association, negatively impact our reputation or result in greater regulatory or legislative scrutiny or litigation against us. 
 Misconduct by our employees and advisors may be difficult to detect and deter and may damage our reputation. Misconduct or errors by our employees and advisors could result in violations of law, regulatory sanctions and/or serious reputational or financial harm. Misconduct or mistakes can occur in each of our businesses. We cannot always deter misconduct by our employees and advisors, and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. Preventing and detecting misconduct among our franchisee advisors who are not employees of our company presents additional challenges and could have an adverse effect on our business. Our reputation depends on our continued identification of and mitigation against conflicts of interest. We have procedures and controls that are designed to identify, address and appropriately disclose perceived conflicts of interest, though our reputation could be damaged if we fail, or appear to fail, to address conflicts of interest appropriately. 
 22 

In addition, the SEC and other federal and state regulators, as well as foreign regulators, have increased their scrutiny of potential conflicts of interest. It is possible that potential or perceived conflicts could give rise to litigation or enforcement actions. Also, it is possible that the regulatory scrutiny of, and litigation in connection with, conflicts of interest will make our clients less willing to enter into transactions in which such a conflict may occur, which would adversely affect our businesses. 
 We may face direct or indirect effects of our responses to climate change. 
 Climate change may increase the severity and frequency of weather-related catastrophes, or adversely affect our investment portfolio or investor sentiment. This includes the potential for an increase in the frequency and severity of weather-related disasters and pandemics. In addition, climate change regulation may affect the prospects of companies and other entities whose securities we hold, or our willingness to continue to hold their securities. Climate change may also influence investor sentiment with respect to the Company and investments in our portfolio and those available to clients through third-parties. It may also impact other counterparties, including reinsurers, and affect the value of investments, including real estate investments we hold or manage for others. We cannot predict or estimate the long-term impacts on us from climate change or related regulation. 
 Our operational systems and networks (as well as those of our franchise advisors) are subject to evolving cybersecurity or other technological risks, which could result in the disclosure of confidential information, loss of our proprietary information, damage to our reputation, additional costs to us, regulatory penalties and other adverse impacts. 
 Our business is reliant upon internal and third-party-controlled and operated technology systems and networks to process, transmit and store information, including our clients , employees and advisors personal information, as well as our proprietary information, and to conduct many of our business activities and transactions. Maintaining the security and integrity of this information and these systems and networks, and appropriately responding to any cybersecurity and privacy incidents (including attempts), is critical to the success of our business operations, including our reputation, the retention of our advisors and clients, and to the protection of our proprietary information and our clients personal information. To date, we have not experienced any material breaches of or interference with our centrally controlled systems and networks. However, we routinely face and address such evolving threats and have been able to detect and respond to these incidents to date without a material loss of client financial assets or information through the use of ongoing monitoring and continual improvement of our security and incident response capabilities. 
 We and our advisors, as well as our service providers, have also been threatened by, among others, phishing and spear phishing scams, social engineering attacks, account takeovers, introductions of malware, attempts at electronic break-ins, and the submission of fraudulent payment requests. The number of attempted phishing attacks has increased substantially every year, which is expected to continue. Attempted or successful breaches or interference by third parties or by insiders that may occur in the future could have a material adverse impact on our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations. 
 On a corporate basis, various laws and regulations, and in some cases contractual obligations, require us to establish and maintain corporate policies and technical and operational measures designed to protect sensitive client, employee, contractor and vendor information, and to respond to cybersecurity incidents. We have established policies and implemented such technical and operational measures ourselves and have in place policies that require our service providers and franchisee advisors, each of which control locally their own technology operations, to do the same. The increase in hybrid working among our employees adds complexity to monitoring and processing procedures. Changes in our business or technological advancements may also require corresponding changes in our systems, networks and data security and response measures. While accessing our products and services, our customers may use computers and other devices that sit outside of our security control environment. In addition, the ever-increasing reliance on technology systems and networks and the occurrence and potential adverse impact of attacks on such systems and networks (including in recent well-publicized security breaches at other companies), both generally and in the financial services industry, have enhanced government and regulatory scrutiny of the measures taken by companies to protect against cybersecurity threats and report incidents they suffer. As these threats, and government and regulatory oversight of associated risks, continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to enhance or expand upon the technical and operational security and response measures we currently maintain or that we allow franchise advisors to maintain and control locally. 
 Despite the measures we have taken and may in the future take to address and mitigate cybersecurity, privacy and technology risks, we cannot be certain that our systems and networks will not be subject to successful attacks, breaches or interference. Nor can we be certain that franchise advisors will comply with our policies and procedures in this regard, or that clients will engage in safe and secure online practices. Furthermore, human error occurs from time to time and such mistakes can lead to the inadvertent disclosure of sensitive information. Any such event may result in operational disruptions, as well as unauthorized access to or the disclosure or loss of, our proprietary information or client, employee, vendor, or advisor personal information, which in turn may result in legal claims, regulatory scrutiny and liability, reputational damage, the incurrence of costs to respond to, eliminate, or mitigate further exposure, the loss of clients or advisors, or other damage to our business. While we maintain cyber liability insurance that provides both third-party liability and first-party liability coverages, it may not protect us against all cybersecurity- or privacy-related losses. Furthermore, we may be subject to indemnification costs and liability to third parties if we breach any confidentiality or security obligations regarding vendor data or for losses related to the data. In addition, the trend toward broad consumer and general-public notification of such incidents could exacerbate the harm to our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations in the event of a breach. Even if we successfully protect our technology infrastructure and the confidentiality of sensitive data and conduct appropriate incident response, we may incur significant expenses in connection with our responses to any such attacks, as well as the adoption, 
 23 

implementation and maintenance of appropriate security measures. In addition, our regulators may seek to hold our company responsible for the acts, mistakes or omissions of our franchise advisors even where they procure and control much of the physical office space and technology infrastructure they use to operate their businesses locally. 
 Protection from system interruptions and operating errors is important to our business. If we experience a sustained interruption to our telecommunications or data processing systems, or other failure in operational execution, it could harm our business. 
 Operating errors and system or network interruptions could delay and disrupt our operations. Interruptions could be caused by mistake, malfeasance or other operational failures by service provider staff, employee or advisor error or malfeasance, interference by third parties, including hackers, our implementation of new technology, maintenance of existing technology, or natural disasters, each of which may impact our ability to run our systems or encounter varying downtime. Though we plan for resiliency in our systems, we could face additional downtime or data loss if our plans do not work as expected. Our financial, accounting, data processing or other operating systems and facilities may fail to operate or report data properly, experience connectivity disruptions or otherwise become disabled as a result of events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, adversely affecting our ability to process transactions or provide products and services to our clients. Further, while we require their existence by contract, we cannot control the execution of any business continuity or incident response plans implemented by our service providers or our franchise advisors. 
 We rely on third-party service providers and vendors for certain communications, technology and business functions and other services, and we face the risk of their operational failure (including, without limitation, loss of staff due to widespread illness, failure caused by an inaccuracy, untimeliness or other deficiency in data reporting), technical or security failures, termination or capacity constraints of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses or other third-party service providers that we use to facilitate or are component providers to our securities transactions and other product manufacturing and distribution activities. These risks are heightened by our deployment in response to both investor interest and evolution in the financial markets of increasingly sophisticated products and technological means for accessing these products or client accounts. Any such failure, termination or constraint or flawed execution or response could adversely impact our ability to effect transactions, service our clients, manage our exposure to risk, or otherwise achieve desired outcomes. 
 Risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective in identifying or mitigating risk exposure in all market environments, products, vendors, or against all types of risk, including employee and financial advisor misconduct. 
 Our policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage risks may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk. Many of our methods of managing risk and the associated exposures are based upon our use of observed historical experience or expectations about future experience (e.g. market behavior, client/policyholder behavior, mortality, etc.) or statistics based on historical models. Experience may not emerge as expected and during periods of market volatility, or due to unforeseen events, the historically-derived experience and correlations may not be valid. As a result, these methods and models may not predict future exposures accurately, which could be significantly greater than what our models indicate. Further some controls are manual and are subject to inherent limitations. This could cause us to incur investment losses or cause our hedging and other risk management strategies to be ineffective. Other risk management methods depend upon the evaluation of information regarding markets, clients, catastrophe occurrence or other matters that are publicly available or otherwise accessible to us, which may not always be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated. 
 Our financial performance also requires us to develop, effectively manage, and market new or existing products and services that appropriately anticipate or respond to changes in the industry and evolving client demands. The development and introduction of new products and services, including the creation of Asset Management and other products with a focus on environmental, social and governance matters, require continued innovative effort and may require significant time, resources, and ongoing support. Substantial risk and uncertainties are associated with the introduction and ongoing maintenance of new products and services, including the implementation of new and appropriate operational controls and procedures, shifting and sometimes contradictory client and market preferences, the introduction of competing products or services and compliance with regulatory requirements. 
 Management of operational, legal and regulatory risks requires, among other things, policies and procedures to record properly and verify a large number of transactions and events, and these policies and procedures may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk, including those associated with our key vendors. Insurance and other traditional risk-shifting tools may be held by or available to us in order to manage certain exposures, but they are subject to terms such as deductibles, coinsurance, limits and policy exclusions, as well as risk of counterparty denial of coverage, default or insolvency. 
 As a holding company, we depend on the ability of our subsidiaries to transfer funds to us to pay dividends and to meet our obligations. 
 We act as a holding company for our subsidiaries, through which substantially all of our operations are conducted. Dividends and returns of capital from our subsidiaries and permitted payments to us under our intercompany arrangements with our subsidiaries are our principal sources of cash to pay shareholder dividends and to meet our financial obligations. These obligations include our operating expenses and interest and principal on our borrowings. If the cash we receive from our subsidiaries pursuant to dividend payment or return of capital and intercompany arrangements is insufficient for us to fund any of these obligations, we may be required to raise cash through the incurrence of additional debt, the issuance of additional equity or the sale of assets. If any of this happens, it could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 24 

Insurance, banking and securities laws and regulations, including the FCA s Investment Firms Prudential Regime, the FRB s 2019 proposal for a new capital framework for ISLHCs, termed the Building Block Approach and the NAIC s Group Capital Calculation (which represents an insurance-focused capital framework), may regulate the ability of many of our subsidiaries (such as our insurance, banking and brokerage subsidiaries and our face-amount certificate company) to pay dividends, return capital or make other permitted payments or practically impact our capital structure and dividends or other payments from our subsidiaries. Additionally, the rating organizations effectively impose various capital requirements on our company and our insurance company subsidiaries in order for us to maintain our ratings and the ratings of our insurance subsidiaries. We must manage our business within the expectations of the patchwork of regulations and capital expectations from these parties. As asset values decline or other financial drivers to our business worsen, our and our subsidiaries ability to pay dividends, return capital or make other permitted payments can be reduced. Additionally, the various asset classes held by our subsidiaries, and used in determining required capital levels, are weighted differently or are restricted as to the proportion in which they may be held depending upon their liquidity, credit risk and other factors. The regulatory capital requirements and dividend-paying ability of our subsidiaries may also be affected by a change in the mix of products sold by such subsidiaries. Further, the capital requirements imposed upon our subsidiaries may be impacted by heightened regulatory or rating organization scrutiny and intervention, which could negatively affect our and our subsidiaries ability to pay dividends or make other permitted payments. Additionally, in the past we have found it necessary and advisable to provide support to certain of our subsidiaries in order to maintain adequate capital for regulatory or other purposes and we may provide such support in the future. The provision of such support could adversely affect our capital, liquidity, and the dividends or other permitted payments received from our subsidiaries. 
 The operation of our business in foreign markets and our investments in non-U.S. denominated securities and investment products subjects us to exchange rate and other risks in connection with international operations and earnings and income generated overseas. 
 While we are a U.S.-based company, a portion of our business operations occurs outside of the U.S. and some of our investments are not denominated in U.S. dollars. As a result, we are exposed to certain foreign currency exchange risks that could reduce U.S. dollar equivalent earnings as well as negatively impact our general account and other proprietary investment portfolios. Appreciation of the U.S. dollar could, and has, unfavorably affect net income from foreign operations, the value of non-U.S. dollar denominated investments and investments in foreign subsidiaries. In comparison, depreciation of the U.S. dollar could positively affect our net income from foreign operations and the value of non-U.S. dollar denominated investments, though such depreciation could also diminish investor, creditor and rating organizations perceptions of our company compared to peer companies that have a relatively greater proportion of foreign operations or investments. 
 In addition, conducting and increasing our international operations subjects us to new risks that, generally, we have not faced in the U.S., including: (i) potentially adverse tax consequences, including the complexities of foreign value added tax systems and restrictions on the repatriation of earnings; (ii) the localization of our solutions and related costs; (iii) the burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and different legal standards, including laws and regulations; and (iv) social and economic situations outside of the U.S. The occurrence of any one of these risks could negatively affect our international business and, consequently, our results of operations generally. Additionally, operating in international markets also requires significant management attention and financial resources and we cannot be certain these operations will produce desired levels of revenues or profitability. Our acquisition of the BMO Global Asset Management (EMEA) business heightens these risks as it nearly doubles our asset management business in EMEA. 
 The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters and catastrophes could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 The occurrence of natural disasters and catastrophes, including earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, tornadoes, fires, blackouts, severe winter weather, explosions, pandemic disease (such as COVID-19) and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism, riots, civil unrest including large-scale protests, insurrections and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. Such disasters and catastrophes may damage our facilities, preventing our service providers, employees and financial advisors from performing their roles, or otherwise disturbing our ordinary business operations and by impacting insurance claims, as described below. These impacts could be particularly severe to the extent they affect access to physical facilities, the physical well-being of large numbers of our employees, our computer-based data processing, transmission, storage and retrieval systems and destroy or release valuable data. Such disasters and catastrophes may also impact us indirectly by changing the condition and behaviors of our customers, business counterparties and regulators, as well as by causing declines or volatility in the economic and financial markets. 
 In particular, there remains some uncertainty around the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Though we are currently navigating hybrid working environments, we recognize that the pandemic may shift, and we cannot control various governmental responses, imposed quarantines, effectiveness of vaccines and healthcare, or any related regulation that could come from a change in the status of the pandemic. 
 The potential effects of natural and man-made disasters and catastrophes on certain of our businesses include but are not limited to the following: (i) a catastrophic loss of life may materially increase the amount of or accelerate the timing in which benefits are paid under our insurance policies; (ii) an increase in claims and any resulting increase in claims reserves caused by a disaster may harm the financial condition of our reinsurers, thereby impacting the cost and availability of reinsurance and the probability of default on 
 25 

reinsurance recoveries; (iii) widespread unavailability of staff; and (iv) declines and volatility in the financial markets that may decrease the value of our assets under management and administration, which could harm our financial condition and reduce our management fees. 
 We face risks arising from acquisitions and divestitures. 
 We have made acquisitions and divestitures (including sales of insurance blocks via reinsurance transactions) in the past and may pursue similar strategic transactions in the future. Risks in acquisition transactions include difficulties in the integration of acquired businesses into our operations and control environment (including our risk management policies and procedures), difficulties in assimilating and retaining employees and intermediaries, difficulties in retaining the existing customers of the acquired entities, assumed or unforeseen liabilities that arise in connection with the acquired businesses, the failure of counterparties to satisfy any obligations to indemnify us against liabilities arising from the acquired businesses, and unfavorable market conditions that could negatively impact our growth expectations or expected synergies for the acquired businesses. Fully integrating an acquired company or business into our operations (such as our acquisition of the BMO Global Asset Management (EMEA) business) takes a significant amount of time and attention and incurs both expected and unexpected integration costs over several years. The ongoing integration of the BMO Global Asset Management (EMEA) business is a time-consuming and expensive process and could significantly disrupt our business. Our failure to meet the challenges involved in continuing to integrate the operations of the BMO Global Asset Management (EMEA) business (and to conform to banking and other applicable laws and regulations) or to otherwise realize any of the anticipated benefits of the acquisition could adversely impair our business or our results. 
 Risks in divestiture transactions (many of which are present in sales of insurance blocks via reinsurance) include difficulties in the separation of the disposed business, retention of obligations to indemnify for certain liabilities, the failure of counterparties to satisfy payment obligations, unfavorable market conditions that may impact any earnout or contingency payment due to us, if any, and unexpected difficulties in losing employees of the disposed business. We cannot provide assurance that we will be successful in overcoming these risks or any other problems encountered with acquisitions, divestitures and other strategic transactions. Execution of our business strategies also may require certain regulatory approvals or consents, which may include approvals of the FRB and other domestic and non-U.S. regulatory authorities. These regulatory authorities may impose conditions on the activities or transactions contemplated by our business strategies which may impact negatively our ability to realize fully the expected benefits of certain opportunities. These risks may prevent us from realizing the expected benefits from acquisitions or divestitures and could result in the failure to realize the full economic value of a strategic transaction or the impairment of goodwill and/or intangible assets recognized at the time of an acquisition. These risks could be heightened if we complete a large acquisition or multiple acquisitions within a short period of time. 
 Legal, Regulatory and Tax Risks 
 Legal and regulatory actions are inherent in our businesses and could result in financial losses or harm our businesses. 
 We are, and in the future may be, subject to legal and regulatory actions in the ordinary course of our operations, both domestically and internationally. Actions brought against us may result in awards, settlements, penalties, injunctions or other adverse results, including reputational damage. In addition, we may incur significant expenses in connection with our defense against such actions regardless of their outcome. Various regulatory and governmental bodies have the authority to review our products and business practices and those of our employees and independent financial advisors and to bring regulatory or other legal actions against us if, in their view, our practices, or those of our employees or advisors, are improper. Pending legal and regulatory actions include proceedings relating to aspects of our businesses and operations that are specific to us and proceedings that are typical of the industries and businesses in which we operate. Some of these proceedings have been brought on behalf of various alleged classes of complainants. 
 Our businesses are regulated heavily, and changes to the laws and regulations applicable to our businesses may have an adverse effect on our operations, reputation and financial condition. 
 Virtually all aspects of our business, including the activities of our parent company and our various subsidiaries, are subject to various federal, state and international laws and regulations. For a discussion of the regulatory framework in which we operate, see Business - Regulation included in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Compliance with these applicable laws and regulations is time-consuming and personnel-intensive, and we have invested and will continue to invest substantial resources to ensure compliance by our parent company and our subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, registered representatives and agents. Further, any future legislation or changes to the laws and regulations applicable to our businesses, as well as changes to the interpretation and enforcement of such laws and regulations, may affect our operations and financial condition. Legislation could require changes to our business operations or our regulatory reporting relationships. Such changes may impact our business operations and profitability, increase our costs of doing business, increase compliance costs as well as have a material effect on fee rates, interest rates and foreign exchange rates, which could materially impact our products, services, investments, results of operations, products and liquidity in ways that we cannot predict. Ongoing changes to regulation and oversight of the financial industry may generate outcomes, the full impact of which cannot be immediately ascertained as government intervention could distort customary and expected commercial behavior. 
 26 

Certain examples of legislative and regulatory changes that may impact our businesses are described below. Some of the changes could present operational challenges and increase costs. Ultimately the complexities and increased costs of legislative and regulatory changes could have an impact on our ability to offer cost-effective and innovative products to our clients. 
 Regulation of Products and Services: Any mandated reductions or restructuring of the fees we charge for our products and services resulting from regulatory initiatives or proceedings could reduce our revenues and/or earnings. For example, the DOL could propose changes to regulations that define our advisors relationships with their clients, such as requiring a fiduciary relationship between our advisors and clients. 
 Insurance Regulation: Changes in the state regulatory requirements applicable to our insurance companies that are made for the benefit of the consumer sometimes lead to additional expense for the insurer and, thus, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Further, we cannot predict the effect that proposed federal legislation may have on our businesses or competitors, such as the option of federally chartered insurers, a mandated federal systemic risk regulator, future initiatives of the FIO within the Department of the Treasury or by any of the Domiciliary Regulators, the NAIC or the International Association of Insurance Supervisors with respect to insurance holding company supervision, capital standards or systemic risk regulation. As discussed earlier, the FRB s 2019 proposal for a new capital framework for ISLHCs, would create new capital requirements for us (even if there are any refinements to the proposal) which could potentially impact the way we structure our capital or manage our business. 
 International Regulation: Potential measures taken by foreign and international authorities regarding anti-bribery, the nationalization or expropriation of assets, the imposition of limits on foreign ownership of local companies, increased environmental sustainability or governance requirements, changes in laws (including tax laws and regulations) and in their application or interpretation, imposition of large fines, political instability, capital requirements or dividend limitations, price controls, changes in applicable currency, currency exchange controls, or other restrictions that prevent us from transferring funds from these operations out of the countries in which they operate or converting local currencies we hold to U.S. dollars or other currencies may negatively affect our business. 
 Employment Regulation: We have a global workforce and face expansion of employment laws in various states, cities, and countries. These regulations vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and we seek to provide a uniform employee experience, while simultaneously complying with unique or differing regulatory requirements. A portion of our advisor force consists of independent contractors. Legislative or regulatory action that redefines the criteria for determining whether a person is an employee or an independent contractor could materially impact our industry, our business and our relationships with (and ability to provide various types of support to) our advisors and their staff, resulting in an adverse effect on our results or operations. 
 Privacy and Data: Our business is subject to comprehensive legal requirements concerning the use and protection of personal information, including client and employee information, from a multitude of different functional regulators and law enforcement bodies. This regulatory framework is rapidly changing through an ever-increasing patchwork of state laws and regulation and international developments like GDPR. Further developments could negatively impact our business and operations. 
 As a Savings and Loan Holding Company, we are subject to supervision by the FRB and various prudential standards that may limit our activities and strategies. 
 Ameriprise Financial is subject to ongoing supervision by the FRB, including supervision and prudential standards, certain capital requirements, stress-testing, resolution planning, information security and privacy, and certain risk management requirements. Further, as a financial holding company, our activities are limited to those that are financial in nature, incidental to a financial activity or, with FRB approval, complementary to a financial activity. Our broker-dealers and bank subsidiary are limited in their ability to lend or transact with affiliates and are subject to minimum regulatory capital and other requirements, as well as limitations on their ability to use funds deposited with them in brokerage or bank accounts to fund their businesses. These requirements may hinder our ability to access funds from our subsidiaries. We may also become subject to a prohibition or limitations on our ability to pay dividends or repurchase our common stock. The federal banking regulators, including the OCC, the FRB and the FDIC, as well as the SEC (through FINRA) have the authority and under certain circumstances, the obligation, to limit or prohibit dividend payments and stock repurchases by the banking organizations they supervise, including Ameriprise and its bank subsidiaries. Any changes to regulations or changes to the supervisory approach may also result in increased compliance costs to the extent we are required to modify our existing compliance policies, procedures and practices. 
 Compliance with bank holding company laws and regulations, including the Volcker Rule, impacts the structure and availability of certain of our products and services and our costs in providing those products and services. Costs of compliance may be driven by how these laws and regulations and the scale of Ameriprise Bank evolves over the course of time as well as strategic acquisitions and other growth strategies we pursue in the future. 
 Failure to meet one or more of these requirements could, depending on the violation, limit Ameriprise s ability to undertake new activities, continue certain activities, or make acquisitions other than those permitted generally for bank holding companies. Execution of our business strategies also may require certain regulatory approvals or consents, which may include approvals of the FRB and other domestic and non-U.S. regulatory authorities. These regulatory authorities may impose conditions on the activities or transactions contemplated by our business strategies which may impact negatively our ability to realize fully the expected benefits of certain opportunities. 
 27 

Changes in corporate tax laws and regulations and changes in the interpretation of such laws and regulations, as well as adverse determinations regarding the application of such laws and regulations, could adversely affect our earnings and could make some of our products less attractive to clients. 
 We are subject to the income tax laws of the U.S., its states and municipalities and those of the foreign jurisdictions in which we have significant business operations. We must make judgments and interpretations about the application of these inherently complex tax laws when determining the provision for income taxes and must also make estimates about when in the future certain items affect taxable income in the various tax jurisdictions. In addition, changes to the Internal Revenue Code, state or foreign tax laws, administrative rulings or court decisions could increase our provision for income taxes and reduce our earnings. Furthermore, guidance issued by the U.S. Department of Treasury and others can be critical to the application and impact of new laws (such as the recently enacted Inflation Reduction Act of 2022) and in avoiding unintended impacts from legislation. The jurisdictions we operate in may not always provide clear guidance that is responsive to industry questions and concerns. If guidance is unclear, it could increase our taxes or create a potential for disagreement about interpretation of the tax code. 
 Many of the products we issue or on which our businesses are based (including both insurance products and non-insurance products) receive favorable treatment under current U.S. federal income or estate tax law. Changes in U.S. federal income or estate tax law could reduce or eliminate the tax advantages of certain of our products and thus make such products less attractive to clients or cause a change in client demand and activity. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property and may be subject to infringement claims. 
 We rely on a combination of contractual rights and copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws and registrations to establish and protect our intellectual property. Although we use a broad range of measures to protect our intellectual property rights, third parties may infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property or attempt to use the same to defraud others. We may have to litigate to enforce and protect our brand and reputation, copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets and know-how, or to determine their scope, validity or enforceability, which represents a diversion of resources that may be significant in amount and may not prove successful. The loss of intellectual property protection or the inability to secure or enforce the protection of our intellectual property assets could have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to compete. 
 We also may be subject to costly litigation in the event that another party alleges our operations or activities infringe upon, or constitute misappropriation of, such other party s intellectual property rights. Third parties may have, or may eventually be issued, patents or other protections that could be infringed by our products, methods, processes or services or could otherwise limit our ability to offer certain product features. Any party that holds a patent could make a claim of infringement against us. The threat of patent litigation from non-practicing entities could impact financial services firms and successful resolution could still have a significant financial impact. We may also be subject to claims by third parties for breach of copyright, trademark, license usage rights, or misappropriation of trade secret rights. Any such claims and any resulting litigation could result in significant liability for damages. If we were found to have infringed or misappropriated a third-party patent or other intellectual property rights, we could incur substantial liability, and in some circumstances could be enjoined from providing certain products or services to our customers or utilizing and benefiting from certain methods, processes, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets or licenses, or alternatively could be required to enter into costly licensing arrangements with third parties, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Changes in and the adoption of accounting standards could have a material impact on our financial statements. 
 Our accounting policies provide a standard for how we record and report our results of operations and financial condition. We prepare our financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. It is possible that accounting changes could have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition. The Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ), the SEC and other regulators often change the financial accounting and reporting standards governing the preparation of our financial statements. These changes are difficult to predict and could impose additional governance, internal control and disclosure demands. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retrospectively, resulting in our restating prior period financial statements. As an example, in August 2018, the FASB updated the accounting standard related to long-duration insurance and annuity contracts that is effective January 1, 2023 and is expected to result in significant changes to how we account for and report our insurance and annuity contracts (both in force and new business), including updating assumptions used to measure the liability for future policy benefits for traditional and limited-payment contracts, measurement of market risk benefits and amortization of DAC. See Note 3 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on recent accounting pronouncements. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 28 

Item 2. Properties 
 We operate our business from two principal locations, both of which are located in Minneapolis, Minnesota: the Ameriprise Financial Center, a 959,000 square foot building that we lease, and our Client Service Center, an 871,000 square foot building, that we own. We have announced that starting in 2023, we will be consolidating our Minneapolis office footprint, and we plan to move all our Minneapolis based employees to our Client Service Center by 2025. Generally, we lease the premises we occupy in other locations, including the 38,000 square foot executive offices that we lease in New York City and branch offices for our employee advisors throughout the U.S. 
 Our other principal leases are in the following locations: 
 As of December 31, 2022, Columbia Threadneedle occupies 82,000 square feet of offices in Boston. Columbia Threadneedle also leases approximately 66,000 square feet of a shared building in London plus an additional 73,000 square feet in four shared buildings in London following the acquisition of the BMO Global Asset Management (EMEA) business (as well as additional locations in Swindon, U.K., Dorking, U.K. and Edinburgh, U.K.), approximately 39,000 square feet of a shared building in New York and also leases property in a number of other cities to support its global operations; and 
 Las Vegas, Nevada (supporting aspects of our Advice Wealth Management businesses) and Gurugram and Noida India (supporting our broader business in the U.S.). 
 We believe that the facilities owned or occupied by our company suit our needs and are well maintained. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 For a discussion of material legal proceedings, see Note 25 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 29 

PART II. 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Our common stock trades principally on The New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol AMP. As of February 10, 2023, we had approximately 12,153 common shareholders of record. Information regarding our equity compensation plans can be found in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Information comparing the cumulative total shareholder return on our common stock to the cumulative total return for certain indices is set forth under the heading Performance Graph provided in our 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders and is furnished herewith. 
 We are primarily a holding company and, as a result, our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on receiving dividends from our subsidiaries. For information regarding our ability to pay dividends, see the information set forth under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources contained in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Share Repurchases 
 The following table presents the information with respect to purchases made by or on behalf of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. or any affiliated purchaser (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act), of our common stock during the fourth quarter of 2022: 
 (a) (b) (c) (d) Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 
 October 1 to October 31, 2022 Share repurchase program (1) 
 382,157 274.73 382,157 1,948,814,573 Employee transactions (2) 
 29,006 298.88 N/A N/A November 1 to November 30, 2022 Share repurchase program (1) 
 437,991 324.06 437,991 1,806,879,045 Employee transactions (2) 
 134,733 326.36 N/A N/A December 1 to December 31, 2022 Share repurchase program (1) 
 713,931 315.55 713,931 1,581,596,848 Employee transactions (2) 
 16,020 318.39 N/A N/A Totals Share repurchase program (1) 
 1,534,079 307.81 1,534,079 Employee transactions (2) 
 179,759 321.22 N/A 1,713,838 1,534,079 
 N/A Not applicable. 
 (1) In January 2022, our Board of Directors authorized an expenditure of up to 3.0 billion for the repurchase of our common stock through March 31, 2024. The share repurchase program does not require the purchase of any minimum number of shares, and depending on market conditions and other factors, these purchases may be commenced or suspended at any time without prior notice. Acquisitions under the share repurchase program may be made in the open market, through privately negotiated transactions or block trades or other means. 
 (2) Includes restricted shares withheld pursuant to the terms of awards under the Company s share-based compensation plans to offset tax withholding obligations that occur upon vesting and release of restricted shares. The value of the restricted shares withheld is the closing price of common stock of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. on the date the relevant transaction occurs. Also includes shares withheld pursuant to the net settlement of Non-Qualified Stock Option NQSO exercises to offset tax withholding obligations that occur upon exercise and to cover the strike price of the NQSO. The value of the shares withheld pursuant to the net settlement of NQSO exercises is the closing price of common stock of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. on the day prior to the date the relevant transaction occurs. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 30 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Forward-Looking Statements, our Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes that follow and the Risk Factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. References to Ameriprise Financial, Ameriprise, the Company, we, us, and our refer to Ameriprise Financial, Inc. exclusively, to our entire family of companies, or to one or more of our subsidiaries. 
 
 Overview 
 Ameriprise is a diversified financial services company with a more than 125-year history of providing financial solutions. We are a long-standing leader in financial planning and advice with 1.2 trillion in assets under management and administration as of December 31, 2022. We offer a broad range of products and services designed to achieve individual and institutional clients financial objectives. For additional discussion of our businesses, see Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The products and services we provide retail clients and, to a lesser extent, institutional clients, are the primary source of our revenues and net income. Revenues and net income are significantly affected by investment performance and the total value and composition of assets we manage and administer for our retail and institutional clients as well as the distribution fees we receive from other companies. These factors, in turn, are largely determined by overall investment market performance and the depth and breadth of our individual client relationships. 
 We operate our business in the broader context of the macroeconomic forces around us, including the global and U.S. economies, the coronavirus disease 2019 COVID-19 pandemic, changes in interest and inflation rates, financial market volatility, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, geopolitical strain, the competitive environment, client and customer activities and preferences, and the various regulatory and legislative developments. Financial markets and macroeconomic conditions have had and will continue to have a significant impact on our operating and performance results. In addition, the business, political and regulatory environments in which we operate are subject to elevated uncertainty and substantial, frequent change. Accordingly, we expect to continue focusing on our key strategic objectives and obtaining operational and strategic leverage from our core capabilities. The success of these and other strategies may be affected by the factors discussed in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K - Risk Factors - and other factors as discussed herein. 
 Equity price, credit market and interest rate fluctuations can have a significant impact on our results of operations, primarily due to the effects they have on the asset management and other asset-based fees we earn, the value of deferred acquisition costs DAC and deferred sales inducement costs DSIC assets, the values of liabilities for guaranteed benefits associated with our variable annuities and the values of derivatives held to hedge these benefits and the spread income generated on our deposit products, fixed insurance, the fixed portion of variable annuities and variable insurance contracts and fixed deferred annuities. We have been operating in a historically low interest rate environment but have recently experienced a substantial increase in rates with uncertainty about where rates will go in the future. A higher (lower) interest rate environment may result in decreases (increases) to our reserves and changes in various rate assumptions we use to amortize DAC and DSIC, which may impact our adjusted operating earnings after tax. For additional discussion on our interest rate risk, see Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 In the third quarter, we updated our market-related assumptions and implemented model changes related to our living benefit valuation. In addition, we conducted our annual review of life insurance and annuity valuation assumptions relative to current experience and management expectations including modeling changes. These aforementioned changes are collectively referred to as unlocking. We also reviewed our future policy benefit reserve adequacy for our long term care LTC business in the third quarter. See our Consolidated and Segment Results of Operations sections for the pretax impacts on our revenues and expenses attributable to unlocking and LTC loss recognition. 
 The following discussion includes a comparison of our 2022 and 2021 results. For a discussion of our 2020 results and for a comparison of results for 2021 and 2020, see Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022. 
 On June 2, 2021, we filed an application to convert Ameriprise Bank, FSB Ameriprise Bank to a state-chartered industrial bank regulated by the Utah Department of Financial Institutions and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. We also filed an application to transition the Ameriprise Bank s personal trust services business to a new limited purpose national trust bank regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. If the applications are approved, the proposed changes are not expected to impact our long-term strategy for the bank and should enable us to continue our strong lineup of banking solutions, including deposits, credit cards, mortgages and securities-based lending to our wealth management clients without interruption. 
 We consolidate certain variable interest entities for which we provide asset management services. These entities are defined as consolidated investment entities CIEs ). While the consolidation of the CIEs impacts our balance sheet and income statement, our exposure to these entities is unchanged and there is no impact to the underlying business results. For further information on CIEs, see Note 5 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. The results of operations of the CIEs are reflected in the Corporate Other segment. On a consolidated basis, the management fees we earn for the services we provide to the CIEs and the related general and administrative expenses are eliminated and the changes in fair value of assets and liabilities related to the CIEs, primarily syndicated 
 31 

loans and debt, are reflected in Net investment income. We include the fees from these entities in the Management and financial advice fees line within our Asset Management segment. 
 While our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), management believes that adjusted operating measures, which exclude net realized investment gains or losses, net of the related DSIC and DAC amortization, unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual; the market impact on non-traditional long-duration products (including variable and fixed deferred annuity contracts and universal life UL insurance contracts), net of hedges and the related DSIC and DAC amortization, unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual; mean reversion related impacts (the impact on variable annuity and variable universal life VUL products for the difference between assumed and updated separate account investment performance on DAC, DSIC, unearned revenue amortization, reinsurance accrual and additional insurance benefit reserves); the market impact of hedges to offset interest rate and currency changes on unrealized gains or losses for certain investments; block transfer reinsurance transaction impacts; gain or loss on disposal of a business that is not considered discontinued operations; integration and restructuring charges; income (loss) from discontinued operations; and the impact of consolidating CIEs, best reflect the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitate a more meaningful trend analysis. Management uses these non-GAAP measures to evaluate our financial performance on a basis comparable to that used by some securities analysts and investors. Also, certain of these non-GAAP measures are taken into consideration, to varying degrees, for purposes of business planning and analysis and for certain compensation-related matters. Throughout our Management s Discussion and Analysis, these non-GAAP measures are referred to as adjusted operating measures. These non-GAAP measures should not be viewed as a substitute for U.S. GAAP measures. 
 It is management s priority to increase shareholder value over a multi-year horizon by achieving our on-average, over-time financial targets. 
 Our financial targets are: 
 Adjusted operating earnings per diluted share growth of 12 to 15 , and 
 Adjusted operating return on equity excluding accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI of over 30 . 
 The following tables reconcile our GAAP measures to adjusted operating measures: 
 Per Diluted Share Years Ended December 31, Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2022 2021 (in millions, except per share amounts) Net income 2,559 2,760 22.51 23.00 Less: Net realized investment gains (losses) (1) 
 (97) 87 (0.85) 0.73 Add: Market impact on non-traditional long-duration products (1) 
 (211) 656 (1.86) 5.47 Add: Mean reversion related impacts (1) 
 268 (152) 2.36 (1.27) Add: Market impact of hedges on investments (1) 
 22 0.18 Less: Block transfer reinsurance transaction impacts (1) 
 521 4.34 Add: Integration/restructuring charges (1) 
 50 32 0.44 0.27 Less: Net income (loss) attributable to CIEs (4) (3) (0.04) (0.03) Add: Tax effect of adjustments (2) 
 (43) 11 (0.38) 0.09 Adjusted operating earnings 2,724 2,724 23.96 22.70 Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic 111.3 117.3 Diluted 113.7 120.0 
 (1) Pretax adjusted operating adjustments. 
 (2) Calculated using the statutory tax rate of 21 . 
 32 

The following table reconciles net income to adjusted operating earnings and the five-point average of quarter-end equity to adjusted operating equity: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions) Net income 2,559 2,760 Less: Adjustments (1) 
 (165) 36 Adjusted operating earnings 2,724 2,724 Total Ameriprise Financial, Inc. shareholders equity (2) 
 4,453 5,944 Less: AOCI, net of tax (2) 
 (1,487) 556 Total Ameriprise Financial, Inc. shareholders equity, excluding AOCI 5,940 5,388 Less: Equity impacts attributable to CIEs 2 Adjusted operating equity 5,940 5,386 Return on equity, excluding AOCI 43.1 51.2 Adjusted operating return on equity, excluding AOCI (3) 
 45.9 50.6 
 (1) Adjustments reflect the sum of after-tax net realized investment gains/losses, net of DSIC and DAC amortization, unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual; the market impact on non-traditional long-duration products (including variable and fixed deferred annuity contracts and UL insurance contracts), net of hedges and related DSIC and DAC amortization, unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual; mean reversion related impacts; block transfer reinsurance transaction impacts; the market impact of hedges to offset interest rate and currency changes on unrealized gains or losses for certain investments; gain or loss on disposal of a business that is not considered discontinued operations; integration and restructuring charges; income (loss) from discontinued operations; and net income (loss) from consolidated investment entities. After-tax is calculated using the statutory tax rate of 21 . 
 (2) We revised prior period Consolidated Financial Statements to correct shadow unearned revenue liability balances associated with universal life insurance products. See Note 28 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of the revision. 
 (3) Adjusted operating return on equity, excluding AOCI is calculated using adjusted operating earnings in the numerator and Ameriprise Financial shareholders equity, excluding AOCI and the impact of consolidating investment entities using a five-point average of quarter-end equity in the denominator. After-tax is calculated using the statutory rate of 21 . 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The accounting and reporting policies that we use affect our Consolidated Financial Statements. Certain of our accounting and reporting policies are critical to an understanding of our consolidated results of operations and financial condition and, in some cases, the application of these policies can be significantly affected by the estimates, judgments and assumptions made by management during the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements. The accounting and reporting policies and estimates we have identified as fundamental to a full understanding of our consolidated results of operations and financial condition are described below. See Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about our accounting policies. 
 Valuation of Investments 
 The most significant component of our investments is our Available-for-Sale securities, which we carry at fair value within our Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 15 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion of the fair value of our Available-for-Sale securities. Financial markets are subject to significant movements in valuation and liquidity, which can impact our ability to liquidate and the selling price that can be realized for our securities and increases the use of judgment in determining the estimated fair value of certain investments. We are unable to predict impacts and determine sensitivities in reported amounts reflecting such market movements on our aggregate Available-for-Sale portfolio. Changes to these assumptions do not occur in isolation and it is impracticable to predict such impacts at the individual security unit of measure which are predominately Level 2 fair value and based on observable inputs. 
 Deferred Acquisition Costs 
 See Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion of our DAC accounting policy. 
 Non-Traditional Long-Duration Products 
 For our non-traditional long-duration products (including variable, structured variable and fixed deferred annuity contracts, UL and VUL insurance products), our DAC balance at any reporting date is based on projections that show management expects there to be estimated gross profits EGPs after that date to amortize the remaining balance. These projections are inherently uncertain because they require management to make assumptions about financial markets, mortality levels and contractholder and policyholder behavior over periods extending well into the future. Projection periods used for our annuity products are typically 30 to 50 years and for our UL insurance products 50 years or longer. 
 33 

EGPs vary based on persistency rates (assumptions at which contractholders and policyholders are expected to surrender, make withdrawals from and make deposits to their contracts), mortality levels, client asset value growth rates (based on equity and bond market performance), variable annuity benefit utilization and interest margins (the spread between earned rates on invested assets and rates credited to contractholder and policyholder accounts). Changes in these assumptions can be offsetting and we are unable to predict their movement, sensitivities in reported amounts, offsetting impacts or future impacts to the Consolidated Financial Statements over time or in any given future period. When assumptions are changed, the percentage of EGPs used to amortize DAC might also change. A change in the required amortization percentage is applied retrospectively; an increase in amortization percentage will result in a decrease in the DAC balance and an increase in DAC amortization expense, while a decrease in amortization percentage will result in an increase in the DAC balance and a decrease in DAC amortization expense. The effect on the DAC balance that would result from the realization of unrealized gains (losses) on securities is recognized with an offset to AOCI on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The client asset value growth rates are the rates at which variable annuity and VUL insurance contract values invested in separate accounts are assumed to appreciate in the future. The rates used vary by equity and fixed income investments. The long-term client asset value growth rates are based on assumed gross annual returns of 9 for equity funds and 5.6 for fixed income funds. We typically use a five-year mean reversion process as a guideline in setting near-term equity fund growth rates based on a long-term view of financial market performance as well as recent actual performance. The suggested near-term equity fund growth rate is reviewed quarterly to ensure consistency with management s assessment of anticipated equity market performance. 
 A decrease of 100 basis points in separate account fund growth rate assumptions is likely to result in an increase in DAC amortization and an increase in benefits and claims expense for variable annuity and VUL insurance contracts. The following table presents the estimated impact to current period pretax income: 
 Estimated Impact to Pretax Income (1) 
 DAC Amortization Benefits and Claims Expense Total (in millions) Decrease in future near- and long-term fixed income fund growth returns by 100 basis points (32) (83) (115) Decrease in future near-term equity fund growth returns by 100 basis points (31) (61) (92) Decrease in future long-term equity fund growth returns by 100 basis points (19) (41) (60) Decrease in future near- and long-term equity fund growth returns by 100 basis points (50) (102) (152) 
 (1) An increase in the above assumptions by 100 basis points would result in an increase to pretax income for approximately the same amount. 
 An assessment of sensitivity associated with isolated changes of any single assumption is not an indicator of future results. 
 Traditional Long-Duration Products 
 For our traditional long-duration products (including traditional life and disability income DI insurance products), our DAC balance at any reporting date is based on projections that show management expects there to be adequate premiums after the reporting date to amortize the remaining balance. These projections are inherently uncertain because they require management to make assumptions over periods extending well into the future. These assumptions include interest rates, persistency rates and mortality and morbidity rates and are not modified (unlocked) unless recoverability testing determines that reserves are inadequate. Changes in these assumptions can be offsetting and we are unable to predict their movement, sensitivities in reported amounts, offsetting impacts, or future impacts to the Consolidated Financial Statements over time or in any given future period. Projection periods used for our traditional life insurance are up to 30 years. Projection periods for our DI products are up to 45 years. We may experience accelerated amortization of DAC if policies terminate earlier than projected or a slower rate of amortization of DAC if policies persist longer than projected. 
 For traditional life and DI insurance products, the assumptions provide for adverse deviations in experience and are revised only if management concludes experience will be so adverse that DAC are not recoverable. If management concludes that DAC are not recoverable, DAC are reduced to the amount that is recoverable based on best estimate assumptions. 
 Future Policy Benefits and Claims 
 We establish reserves to cover the benefits associated with non-traditional and traditional long-duration products. Non-traditional long-duration products include variable and structured variable annuity contracts, fixed annuity contracts and UL and VUL policies. Traditional long-duration products include term life, whole life, DI and LTC insurance products. 
 Guarantees accounted for as insurance liabilities include guaranteed minimum death benefits GMDB ), gain gross-up GGU ), guaranteed minimum income benefit GMIB and the life contingent benefits associated with guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefit GMWB ). In addition, UL and VUL policies with product features that result in profits followed by losses are accounted for as insurance liabilities. 
 34 

Guarantees accounted for as embedded derivatives include guaranteed minimum accumulation benefit GMAB and the non-life contingent benefits associated with GMWB. In addition, the portion of structured variable annuities, indexed annuities and IUL policies allocated to the indexed account is accounted for as an embedded derivative. 
 The establishment of reserves is an estimation process using a variety of methods, assumptions and data elements. If actual experience is better than or equal to the results of the estimation process, then reserves should be adequate to provide for future benefits and expenses. If actual experience is worse than the results of the estimation process, additional reserves may be required. 
 Non-Traditional Long-Duration Products, including Embedded Derivatives 
 UL and VUL 
 A portion of our UL and VUL policies have product features that result in profits followed by losses from the insurance component of the contract. These profits followed by losses can be generated by the cost structure of the product or secondary guarantees in the contract. The secondary guarantee ensures that, subject to specified conditions, the policy will not terminate and will continue to provide a death benefit even if there is insufficient policy value to cover the monthly deductions and charges. The liability for these future losses is determined using actuarial models to estimate the death benefits in excess of account value and recognizing the excess over the estimated life based on expected assessments (e.g. cost of insurance charges, contractual administrative charges, similar fees and investment margin). Significant assumptions made in projecting future benefits and assessments relate to client asset value growth rates, mortality, persistency and investment margins and are consistent with those used for DAC valuation for the same contracts. Changes in these assumptions can be offsetting and we are unable to predict their movement, sensitivities in reported amounts, offsetting impacts, or future impacts to the Consolidated Financial Statements over time or in any given future period. See Note 12 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding the liability for contracts with secondary guarantees. 
 Variable Annuities 
 We have approximately 74 billion of variable annuity account value that has been issued over a period of more than 50 years. The diversified variable annuity block consists of 32 billion of account value with no living benefit guarantees and 42 billion of account value with living benefit guarantees, primarily GMWB provisions. The business is predominately issued through the Ameriprise Financial advisor network. The majority of the variable annuity contracts offered by us contain GMDB provisions. We also offer variable annuities with death benefit provisions that gross up the amount payable by a certain percentage of contract earnings which are referred to as GGU benefits. We discontinued most new sales of GMWB and GMAB by the end of 2021 and new sales were completely discontinued as of mid-2022. We also previously offered contracts containing GMIB provisions. See Note 12 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of our variable annuity contracts. 
 In determining the liabilities for GMDB, GGU, GMIB and the life contingent benefits associated with GMWB, we project these benefits and contract assessments using actuarial models to simulate various equity market scenarios. Significant assumptions made in projecting future benefits and assessments relate to customer asset value growth rates, mortality, persistency, benefit utilization and investment margins and are consistent with those used for DAC valuation for the same contracts. As with DAC, management reviews, and where appropriate, adjusts its assumptions each quarter. Unless management identifies a material deviation over the course of quarterly monitoring, management reviews and updates these assumptions annually in the third quarter of each year. 
 Regarding the exposure to variable annuity living benefit guarantees, the source of behavioral risk is driven by changes in policyholder surrenders and utilization of guaranteed withdrawal benefits. We have extensive experience studies and analysis to monitor changes and trends in policyholder behavior. A significant volume of company-specific policyholder experience data is available and provides management with the ability to regularly analyze policyholder behavior. On a monthly basis, actual surrender and benefit utilization experience is compared to expectations. Experience data includes detailed policy information providing the opportunity to review impacts of multiple variables. The ability to analyze differences in experience, such as presence of a living benefit rider, existence of surrender charges, and tax qualifications provide us an effective approach in quickly detecting changes in policyholder behavior. 
 At least annually, we perform a thorough policyholder behavior analysis to validate the assumptions included in our benefit reserve, embedded derivative and DAC balances. The variable annuity assumptions and resulting reserve computations reflect multiple policyholder variables. Differentiation in assumptions by policyholder age, existence of surrender charges, guaranteed withdrawal utilization, and tax qualification are examples of factors recognized in establishing management s assumptions used in reserve calculations. The extensive data derived from our variable annuity block informs management in confirming previous assumptions and revising the variable annuity behavior assumptions. Changes in assumptions are governed by a review and approval process to ensure an appropriate measurement of all impacted financial statement balances. Changes in these assumptions can be offsetting and we are unable to predict their movement, sensitivities in reported amounts, offsetting impacts, or future impacts to the Consolidated Financial Statements over time or in any given future period. 
 See the table in the previous discussion of Deferred Acquisition Costs for the estimated impact to benefits and claims expense related to variable annuity and VUL insurance contracts resulting from a decrease of 100 basis points in separate account fund growth rate assumptions. 
 Embedded Derivatives 
 The fair value of embedded derivatives related to GMAB and the non-life contingent benefits associated with GMWB provisions 
 35 

fluctuates based on equity, interest rate and credit markets which can cause these embedded derivatives to be either an asset or a liability. The fair value of embedded derivatives related to structured variable annuities, indexed annuities and IUL fluctuates based on equity markets and interest rates and is a liability. In addition, the valuation of embedded derivatives is impacted by an estimate of our nonperformance risk adjustment. This estimate includes a spread over the U.S. Treasury curve as of the balance sheet date. As our estimate of this spread over the U.S. Treasury curve widens or tightens, the liability will decrease or increase. 
 Additionally, our Corporate Actuarial Department calculates the fair value of the embedded derivatives on a monthly basis. During this process, control checks are performed to validate the completeness of the data. Actuarial management approves various components of the valuation along with the final results. The change in the fair value of the embedded derivatives is reviewed monthly with senior management. 
 See Note 15 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding the fair value measurement of embedded derivatives. 
 Traditional Long-Duration Products 
 Liabilities for unpaid amounts on reported DI and LTC claims include any periodic or other benefit amounts due and accrued, along with estimates of the present value of obligations for continuing benefit payments. These unpaid amounts are calculated using anticipated claim continuance rates based on established industry tables, adjusted as appropriate for our experience. The discount rates used to calculate present values are based on average interest rates earned on assets supporting the liability for unpaid amounts. 
 Liabilities for estimates of benefits that will become payable on future claims on term life, whole life and DI policies are based on the net level premium and LTC policies are based on a gross premium valuation reflecting management s current best estimate assumptions. Net level premium includes anticipated premium payments, mortality and morbidity rates, policy persistency and interest rates earned on assets supporting the liability. Gross premium valuation includes expected premium rate increases, benefit reductions, morbidity rates, policy persistency and interest rates earned on assets supporting the liability. Anticipated mortality and morbidity rates are based on established industry mortality and morbidity tables, with modifications based on our experience. Anticipated premium payments and persistency rates vary by policy form, issue age, policy duration and certain other pricing factors. 
 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 We use derivative instruments to manage our exposure to various market risks. All derivatives are recorded at fair value. The fair value of our derivative instruments is determined using either market quotes or valuation models that are based upon the net present value of estimated future cash flows and incorporate current market observable inputs to the extent available. We are unable to predict impacts and determine sensitivities in reported amounts reflecting such market movements on our aggregate derivative portfolio. Changes to assumptions do not occur in isolation and it is impracticable to predict such impacts at the individual security unit of measure which are predominately Level 2 fair value and based on observable inputs. 
 For further details on the types of derivatives we use and how we account for them, see Note 2, Note 15 and Note 17 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. For discussion of our market risk exposures and hedging program and related sensitivity testing, see Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For information regarding recent accounting pronouncements and their expected impact on our future consolidated results of operations and financial condition, see Note 3 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Sources of Revenues and Expenses 
 Management and Financial Advice Fees 
 Management and financial advice fees relate primarily to fees earned from managing mutual funds, private funds, separate account and wrap account assets and institutional investments, as well as fees earned from providing financial advice, administrative services (including transfer agent and administration fees earned from providing services to retail mutual funds) and other custodial services. Management and financial advice fees include performance-based incentive management fees, which we may receive on certain management contracts. Management and financial advice fees also include mortality and expense risk fees. 
 Distribution Fees 
 Distribution fees primarily include point-of-sale fees (such as mutual fund front-end sales loads) and asset-based fees (such as 12b-1 distribution and shareholder service fees). Distribution fees also include amounts received under marketing support arrangements for sales of mutual funds and other companies products, such as through our wrap accounts, as well as surrender charges on annuities and UL and VUL insurance. Distribution fees also include revenue for placing clients deposits in its brokerage sweep program with third-party banks as well as revenue from brokerage clients for the execution of requested trades. 
 Net Investment Income 
 Net investment income primarily includes interest income on fixed maturity securities classified as Available-for-Sale, mortgage loans, policy loans, margin loans, pledged asset lines of credit, other investments, cash and cash equivalents and investments of CIEs; the changes in fair value of trading securities, certain derivatives and certain assets and liabilities of CIEs; the pro rata share of net 
 36 

income or loss on equity method investments; and realized gains and losses on the sale of investments and changes for the allowance for credit losses. 
 Premiums, Policy and Contract Charges 
 Premiums include premiums on traditional life, DI and LTC insurance and life contingent immediate annuities and are net of reinsurance premiums. Policy and contract charges include variable annuity rider charges and UL and VUL insurance charges, which consist of cost of insurance charges (net of reinsurance premiums and cost of reinsurance for UL and VUL insurance products) and administrative charges. 
 Other Revenues 
 Other revenues primarily include the accretion on the fixed annuities reinsurance deposit receivables and other miscellaneous revenues. 
 For discussion of our accounting policies on revenue recognition, see Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Banking and Deposit Interest Expense 
 Banking and deposit interest expense primarily includes interest expense related to investment certificates and banking deposits. The changes in fair value of stock market certificate embedded derivatives and the derivatives hedging stock market certificates are included within Banking and deposit interest expense. 
 Distribution Expenses 
 Distribution expenses primarily include compensation paid to our financial advisors, registered representatives, third-party distributors and wholesalers. The portion of these costs which are incremental and direct to the acquisition of a new or renewal insurance policy or annuity contract issued by the RiverSource Life companies are deferred. The amounts capitalized and amortized are based on actual distribution costs. The majority of these costs, such as advisor and wholesaler compensation, vary directly with the level of sales. Distribution expenses also include marketing support and other distribution and administration related payments made to affiliated and unaffiliated distributors of products provided by our affiliates. The majority of these expenses vary with the level of sales, or assets held, by these distributors, and the remainder is fixed. Distribution expenses also include wholesaling costs. 
 Interest Credited to Fixed Accounts 
 Interest credited to fixed accounts represents amounts earned by contractholders and policyholders on fixed account values associated with UL and VUL insurance and annuity contracts. The changes in fair value of fixed deferred indexed annuity and IUL embedded derivatives and the derivatives hedging these products are also included within Interest credited to fixed accounts. 
 Benefits, Claims, Losses and Settlement Expenses 
 Benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses consist of amounts paid and changes in liabilities held for anticipated future benefit payments under insurance policies and annuity contracts, along with costs to process and pay such amounts. Amounts are net of benefit payments recovered or expected to be recovered under reinsurance contracts. Benefits under variable annuity guarantees include the changes in fair value of GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives and the derivatives hedging these benefits, as well as the changes in fair value of derivatives hedging GMDB provisions. The changes in fair value of structured variable annuity embedded derivatives and the derivatives hedging this product, as well as the amortization of DSIC are also included in Benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses. 
 Amortization of DAC 
 Direct sales commissions and other costs capitalized as DAC are amortized over time. For annuity and UL/VUL contracts, DAC are amortized based on projections of EGPs over amortization periods equal to the approximate life of the business. For other insurance products, DAC are generally amortized as a percentage of premiums over amortization periods equal to the premium-paying period. 
 Interest and Debt Expense 
 Interest and debt expense primarily includes interest on corporate debt and CIE debt, the impact of interest rate hedging activities and amortization of debt issuance costs. 
 General and Administrative Expense 
 General and administrative expense includes compensation, share-based awards and other benefits for employees (other than employees directly related to distribution, such as financial advisors), professional and consultant fees, information technology, facilities and equipment, advertising and promotion, legal and regulatory and corporate related expenses. 
 37 

Economic Environment 
 Global equity market conditions and fluctuations affect our results of operations and financial condition. The following table presents relevant market indices: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change S P 500 Daily average 4,100 4,270 (4) Period end 3,840 4,766 (19) Weighted Equity Index WEI (1) 
 Daily average 2,699 2,894 (7) Period end 2,549 3,152 (19) 
 (1) Weighted Equity Index is an Ameriprise calculated proxy for equity market movements calculated using a weighted average of the S P 500, Russell 2000, Russell Midcap and MSCI EAFE indices based on North America distributed equity assets. 
 See our segment results of operations discussion below for additional information on how changes in the economic environment have and may continue to impact our results. For further information regarding the impact of the economic environment on our results of operations and financial condition, and potentially material effects, see Part 1 - Item 1A Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Assets Under Management and Administration 
 Assets under management AUM include external client assets for which we provide investment management services, such as the assets of the Columbia Threadneedle Investments funds, institutional clients and clients in our advisor platform held in wrap accounts as well as assets managed by sub-advisors selected by us. AUM also include certain assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets for which we provide investment management services and recognize management fees in our Asset Management segment, such as the assets of the general account and the variable product funds held in the separate accounts of our life insurance subsidiaries and CIEs. 
 Assets under administration AUA include assets for which we provide administrative services such as client assets invested in other companies products that we offer outside of our wrap accounts. These assets include those held in clients brokerage accounts. We generally record revenues received from administered assets as distribution fees. We do not exercise management discretion over these assets and do not earn a management fee. These assets are not reported on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. AUA also include certain assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets for which we do not provide investment management services and do not recognize management fees, such as investments in non-affiliated funds held in the separate accounts of our life insurance subsidiaries. 
 AUM and AUA do not include assets under advisement, for which we provide advisory services such as model portfolios but do not have full discretionary investment authority. 
 The following table presents detail regarding our AUM and AUA: 
 December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in billions) Assets Under Management and Administration Advice Wealth Management AUM 409.0 460.9 (51.9) (11) Asset Management AUM 584.0 754.1 (170.1) (23) Corporate AUM 0.2 0.1 0.1 NM Eliminations (36.9) (44.1) 7.2 16 Total Assets Under Management 956.3 1,171.0 (214.7) (18) Total Assets Under Administration 222.0 246.9 (24.9) (10) Total AUM and AUA 1,178.3 1,417.9 (239.6) (17) 
 NM Not Meaningful. 
 Total AUM decreased 214.7 billion, or 18 , to 956.3 billion as of December 31, 2022 compared to 1.2 trillion as of December 31, 2021 due to a 51.9 billion decrease in Advice Wealth Management AUM driven by market depreciation, partially offset by wrap account net inflows, and a 170.1 billion decrease in Asset Management AUM primarily driven by equity and bond market depreciation and an unfavorable foreign currency translation impact. See our segment results of operations discussion for additional information on changes in our AUM. 
 38 

Consolidated Results of Operations 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 The following table presents our consolidated results of operations: 
 Years Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in millions) Revenues Management and financial advice fees 9,033 9,275 (242) (3) Distribution fees 1,938 1,830 108 6 Net investment income 1,474 1,683 (209) (12) Premiums, policy and contract charges 1,411 273 1,138 NM Other revenues 491 382 109 29 Total revenues 14,347 13,443 904 7 Banking and deposit interest expense 76 12 64 NM Total net revenues 14,271 13,431 840 6 Expenses Distribution expenses 4,923 5,015 (92) (2) Interest credited to fixed accounts 665 600 65 11 Benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses 1,372 716 656 92 Amortization of deferred acquisition costs 208 124 84 68 Interest and debt expense 198 191 7 4 General and administrative expense 3,723 3,435 288 8 Total expenses 11,089 10,081 1,008 10 Pretax income 
 3,182 3,350 (168) (5) Income tax provision 623 590 33 6 Net income 2,559 2,760 (201) (7) NM Not Meaningful. 
 Overall 
 Pretax income decreased 168 million, or 5 , for 2022 compared to the prior year. The following impacts were significant drivers of the year-over-year change in pretax income: 
 The prior year impact of the block transfer reinsurance transaction resulted in 521 million of pretax income for 2021 primarily reflecting the net realized gains on investments sold to the reinsurer. 
 The mean reversion related impact was an expense of 268 million for 2022 compared to a benefit of 152 million for the prior year. 
 A negative impact from lower average equity markets compared to the prior year. Our average WEI, which is a proxy for equity movements on AUM, decreased 7 in 2022 compared to the prior year. The average S P 500 index was 4 lower for 2022 compared to the prior year. 
 The unfavorable impact of unlocking was 161 million for 2022 compared to a favorable impact of unlocking of 17 million for the prior year. 
 A favorable impact from the continued increase in short-term interest rates compared to the prior year. 
 The market impact on non-traditional long-duration products (including variable and fixed deferred annuity contracts and UL insurance contracts), net of hedges and the related DSIC and DAC amortization, unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual was a benefit of 211 million for 2022 compared to an expense of 656 million for the prior year. 
 
 39 

The following table presents the total pretax impacts on our revenues and expenses attributable to unlocking for the years ended December 31: 
 Pretax Increase (Decrease) 2022 2021 (in millions) Distribution fees 2 Premiums, policy and contract charges 1 17 Total revenues 1 19 Benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses: LTC unlocking 3 Unlocking impact, excluding LTC 170 59 Total benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses 170 62 Amortization of DAC (8) (60) Total expenses 162 2 Pretax income (1) 
 (161) 17 
 (1) Includes an 8 million net benefit and a 25 million net benefit related to the market impact on non-traditional long-duration products for 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is excluded from adjusted operating earnings. Refer to Results of Operations by Segment for the impact to pretax adjusted operating earnings attributable to unlocking and LTC loss recognition. 
 The primary drivers of the year-over-year unlocking impact include the following items: 
 Mortality assumption on variable annuities with living benefit guarantees resulted in a higher expense in the 2022 compared to the prior year. 
 Equity market volatility and correlation assumptions on variable annuities resulted in an unfavorable impact in 2022 compared to a favorable impact in the prior year. 
 Net Revenues 
 Management and financial advice fees decreased 242 million, or 3 , for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily reflecting market depreciation, an unfavorable foreign exchange impact, and a decrease in performance fees of 39 million, partially offset by revenue associated with the acquisition of the BMO Global Asset Management (EMEA) business and continued wrap account net inflows. 
 Distribution fees increased 108 million, or 6 , for 2022 compared to the prior year due to 264 million of higher fees on off-balance sheet brokerage cash primarily due to an increase in short-term interest rates, partially offset by lower average equity markets and decreased transactional activity. 
 Net investment income decreased 209 million, or 12 , for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to the following impacts: 
 Net realized investment losses of 87 million for 2022 compared to net realized investment gains of 636 million for the prior year period. Net realized losses for 2022 were primarily driven by the fixed maturity investment portfolio repositioning in the fourth quarter of 2022. Net realized gains for 2021 included net realized gains of 561 million on Available-for-Sale securities and a 58 million net gain related to commercial mortgage loans primarily due to the sale of securities and loans to the reinsurer as a result of the fixed deferred and immediate annuity reinsurance transaction that closed in the third quarter 2021, as well as a 15 million gain on a strategic investment. 
 The favorable impact of the recent trend in rising interest rates on the investment portfolio yield, including the fourth quarter of 2022 impact of portfolio repositioning. 
 The favorable impact of growth in Ameriprise Bank and certificate businesses as a result of the market environment and our strategic decision to invest in these businesses. 
 The unfavorable impact of lower average invested assets due to the sale of investments as a result of the fixed deferred and immediate annuity reinsurance transaction in the prior year. 
 The 22 million unfavorable market impact of hedges to offset interest rate and currency changes on certain investments in the prior year. 
 Premiums, policy and contract charges increased 1.1 billion for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily reflecting ceded premiums of 1.2 billion associated with the reinsurance transaction for life contingent immediate annuity policies in the prior year. 
 Other revenues increased 109 million, or 29 , for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily reflecting the yield on deposit receivables arising from reinsurance transactions. 
 Banking and deposit interest expense increased 64 million for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to higher average crediting rates on certificates and bank cash deposits and increased cash deposits at the bank. 
 
 40 

Expenses 
 Distribution expenses decreased 92 million, or 2 , for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily reflecting lower average equity markets and decreased transactional activity. 
 Interest credited to fixed accounts increased 65 million, or 11 , for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily reflecting the following items: 
 An 23 million decrease in expense from the unhedged nonperformance credit spread risk adjustment on IUL benefits. The favorable impact of the nonperformance credit spread was 13 million for 2022 compared to an unfavorable impact of 10 million for the prior year. 
 A 105 million increase in expense from other market impacts on IUL benefits, net of hedges, which was an expense of 51 million for 2022 compared to a benefit of 54 million for the prior year. The increase in expense was primarily due to an increase in the IUL embedded derivative in the current year period, which reflected higher option costs due to a higher new money rate, compared to a decrease in the IUL embedded derivative in the prior year period, which reflected lower option costs due to higher discount rates. 
 Benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses increased 656 million, or 92 , for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily reflecting the following items: 
 A 1.2 billion decrease in expense associated with the reinsurance transaction for life contingent immediate annuity policies in the prior year. 
 A 145 million increase in expense primarily reflecting the impact of year-over-year changes in the unhedged nonperformance credit spread risk adjustment on variable annuity guaranteed benefits. 
 A 1.0 billion decrease in expense from other market impacts on variable annuity guaranteed benefits, net of hedges in place to offset those risks and the related DSIC amortization. This decrease was the result of a favorable 1.2 billion change in the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed living benefits reserves, partially offset by an unfavorable 127 million change in the market impact on derivatives hedging the variable annuity guaranteed benefits. The main market drivers contributing to these changes are summarized below: 
 Equity market impact on the variable annuity guaranteed living benefits liability net of the impact on the corresponding hedge assets resulted in a benefit for 2022 compared to an expense in the prior year. 
 Interest rate impact on the variable annuity guaranteed living benefits liability net of the impact on the corresponding hedge assets resulted in a higher expense for 2022 compared to the prior year. 
 Volatility impact on the variable annuity guaranteed living benefits liability net of the impact on the corresponding hedge assets resulted in a lower expense for 2022 compared to the prior year. 
 Other unhedged items, including the difference between the assumed and actual underlying separate account investment performance, fixed income credit exposures, transaction costs and various contractholder behavioral items, were a lower net benefit for 2022 compared to the prior year. 
 The impact of unlocking was an expense of 170 million for 2022 compared to an expense of 59 million for the prior year. 
 The mean reversion related impact was an expense of 159 million for 2022 compared to a benefit of 91 million for the prior year. 
 Amortization of DAC increased 84 million, or 68 , for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily reflecting the following items: 
 The mean reversion related impact was an expense of 108 million for 2022 compared to a benefit of 60 million for the prior year. 
 The impact of unlocking in 2022 was a benefit of 8 million compared to a benefit of 60 million in the prior year period. 
 The DAC offset to the market impact on non-traditional long-duration products was a benefit of 106 million for 2022 compared to a benefit of 51 million for the prior year. 
 A decrease in amortization reflecting lower than expected client exit rates. 
 General and administrative expense increased 288 million, or 8 , for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily reflecting the operating expenses of the acquired BMO Global Asset Management (EMEA) business and higher integration related expenses, partially offset by disciplined expense management and reengineering, lower performance fee related compensation and a favorable foreign exchange impact. 
 Income Taxes 
 Our effective tax rate was 19.6 for 2022 compared to 17.6 for the prior year. See Note 23 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion on income taxes. 
 41 

Results of Operations by Segment 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Adjusted operating earnings is the measure of segment profit or loss management uses to evaluate segment performance. Adjusted operating earnings should not be viewed as a substitute for GAAP pretax income. We believe the presentation of segment adjusted operating earnings as we measure it for management purposes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitating a more meaningful trend analysis. See Note 27 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the presentation of segment results and our definition of adjusted operating earnings. 
 The following table presents summary financial information by segment: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions) Advice Wealth Management Net revenues 8,461 8,021 Expenses 6,269 6,278 Adjusted operating earnings 2,192 1,743 Asset Management Net revenues 3,506 3,682 Expenses 2,662 2,586 Adjusted operating earnings 844 1,096 Retirement Protection Solutions Net revenues 3,134 3,244 Expenses 2,504 2,509 Adjusted operating earnings 630 735 Corporate Other Net revenues 479 487 Expenses 754 757 Adjusted operating loss (275) (270) 
 The following table presents the segment pretax adjusted operating impacts on our revenues and expenses attributable to unlocking for the years ended December 31: 
 Segment Pretax Adjusted Operating Increase (Decrease) 2022 2021 Retirement Protection Solutions Corporate Retirement Protection Solutions Corporate (in millions) Distribution fees 2 Premiums, policy and contract charges 3 (2) 17 Total revenues 
 3 (2) 19 Benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses: LTC unlocking 3 Unlocking, excluding LTC 180 (1) 89 Total benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses 
 180 (1) 89 3 Amortization of DAC 
 (5) (4) (65) Total expenses 
 175 (5) 24 3 Pretax income (loss) (172) 3 (5) (3) 
 42 

Advice Wealth Management 
 The following table presents the changes in wrap account assets and average balances for the years ended December 31: 
 2022 2021 (in billions) Beginning balance 464.7 380.0 Net flows 27.5 40.4 Market appreciation (depreciation) and other (80.1) 44.3 Ending balance 412.1 464.7 Advisory wrap account assets ending balance (1) 
 407.8 459.5 Average advisory wrap account assets (2) 
 419.9 415.3 
 (1) Advisory wrap account assets represent those assets for which clients receive advisory services and are the primary driver of revenue earned on wrap accounts. Clients may hold non-advisory investments in their wrap accounts that do not incur an advisory fee. 
 (2) Average ending balances are calculated using an average of the prior period s ending balance and all months in the current period excluding the most recent month for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 Wrap account assets decreased 52.6 billion, or 11 , during 2022 primarily due to market depreciation of 80.1 billion, partially offset by net inflows of 27.5 billion. Average advisory wrap account assets increased 4.6 billion, or 1 , compared to the prior year primarily reflecting continued net inflows, partially offset by market depreciation. 
 The following table presents the results of operations of our Advice Wealth Management segment on an adjusted operating basis: 
 Years Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in millions) Revenues Management and financial advice fees 5,308 5,297 11 Distribution fees 2,249 2,253 (4) Net investment income 748 257 491 NM Other revenues 232 226 6 3 Total revenues 8,537 8,033 504 6 Banking and deposit interest expense 76 12 64 NM Total net revenues 8,461 8,021 440 5 Expenses Distribution expenses 4,719 4,842 (123) (3) Interest and debt expense 10 10 General and administrative expense 1,540 1,426 114 8 Total expenses 6,269 6,278 (9) Adjusted operating earnings 2,192 1,743 449 26 
 NM Not Meaningful. 
 Our Advice Wealth Management segment pretax adjusted operating earnings, which exclude net realized investment gains or losses, increased 449 million, or 26 , for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily reflecting the benefit from higher interest rates and client net inflows, partially offset by market depreciation and decreased transactional activity. Pretax adjusted operating margin was 25.9 for 2022 compared to 21.7 for the prior year. Adjusted operating net revenue per advisor increased to 827,000 for 2022, up 4 , from 796,000 for the prior year. 
 Ameriprise Bank is continuing its deposit growth trend, with cash sweep balances increasing 6.9 billion from the prior year period to 18.3 billion and brokerage client pledged asset lines of credit increasing 122 million from the prior year to 589 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 Net Revenues 
 Management and financial advice fees increased 11 million for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to an increase in financial planning fees, partially offset by lower advisory fees. Average advisory wrap account assets increased 4.6 billion, or 1 , compared to the prior year reflecting net inflows, partially offset by market depreciation. 
 43 

Distribution fees decreased 4 million for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily reflecting lower average equity markets and decreased transactional activity mostly offset by 264 million of higher fees on off-balance sheet brokerage cash due to an increase in short-term interest rates. 
 Net investment income increased 491 million for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to higher average invested assets due to increased bank deposits and higher investment yields on the investment portfolio supporting the bank and certificate products. 
 Banking and deposit interest expense increased 64 million for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to higher average crediting rates on certificates and bank cash deposits and increased cash deposits at the bank. 
 Expenses 
 Distribution expenses decreased 123 million, or 3 , for 2022 compared to the prior year reflecting market depreciation and decreased transactional activity. 
 General and administrative expense increased 114 million, or 8 , for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to higher volume related expenses and investments for business growth as well as lower staffing levels and limited travel and entertainment expenses in the prior year. 
 
 Asset Management 
 The following tables present the mutual fund performance of our retail Columbia Threadneedle Investments funds as of December 31, 2022: 
 Retail Fund Rankings in Top 2 Quartiles or Above Index Benchmark - Asset Weighted (1) 
 1 year 3 year 5 year 10 year Equity 56 75 75 90 Fixed Income 39 52 56 86 Asset Allocation 22 61 70 90 4- or 5-star Morningstar Rated Funds (2) 
 Overall 3 year 5 year 10 year Number of rated funds 131 91 86 99 Percent of rated assets 55 43 45 57 
 (1) Retail Fund performance rankings for each fund are measured on a consistent basis against the most appropriate peer group or index. Peer groupings of Columbia funds are defined by Lipper category and are based on the Primary Share Class (i.e., Institutional if available, otherwise Advisor or Instl3 share class) net of fees. Peer groupings of Threadneedle funds are defined by either IA or Morningstar index and based on the Primary Share Class. Comparisons to Index are measured gross of fees. 
 To calculate asset weighted performance, the sum of the total assets of the funds with above median ranking are divided by total assets of all funds. Funds with more assets will receive a greater share of the total percentage above or below median. 
 Aggregated Asset Allocation Funds may include funds that invest in other Columbia or Threadneedle branded mutual funds included in both equity and fixed income. 
 (2) Columbia funds are available for purchase by U.S. customers. Out of 104 Columbia funds rated (based on primary share class), 15 received a 5-star Overall Rating and 35 received a 4-star Overall Rating. Out of 157 Threadneedle funds rated (based on highest-rated share class), 27 received a 5-star Overall Rating and 54 received a 4-star Overall Rating. The Overall Morningstar Rating is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its 3-, 5- and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. 
 The following table presents managed assets by type: 
 December 31, Change Average (1) 
 Change December 31, 2022 2021 2022 2021 (in billions) (in billions) Equity 301.2 402.9 (101.7) (25) 333.1 338.3 (5.2) (2) Fixed income 210.0 277.0 (67.0) (24) 232.0 211.8 20.2 10 Money market 21.9 10.1 11.8 NM 17.1 6.5 10.6 NM Alternative 33.7 39.9 (6.2) (16) 37.3 25.8 11.5 45 Hybrid and other 17.2 24.2 (7.0) (29) 19.8 22.6 (2.8) (12) Total managed assets (2) 
 584.0 754.1 (170.1) (23) 639.3 605.0 34.3 6 
 NM Not Meaningful 
 (1) Average ending balances are calculated using an average of the prior period s ending balance and all months in the current period. 
 (2) In the fourth quarter of 2021, the definition of Alternative AUM was changed to now include real estate, CLOs, private equity, hedge funds (direct and fund of funds), infrastructure and commodities to better demonstrate our underlying business and the additional assets from the acquisition of the BMO Global Asset Management (EMEA) business. 
 44 

The following table presents the changes in global managed assets: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in billions) Global Retail Funds (1) 
 Beginning assets 409.4 323.5 Inflows 60.9 78.5 Outflows (84.7) (68.8) Net VP/VIT fund flows (4.3) (4.2) Net new flows (2) 
 (28.1) 5.5 Reinvested dividends 11.4 19.0 Net flows (16.7) 24.5 Distributions (12.9) (21.5) Acquired assets (3) 
 37.0 Market appreciation (depreciation) and other (65.6) 47.5 Foreign currency translation (4) 
 (4.9) (1.6) Total ending assets 309.3 409.4 Global Institutional (1) 
 Beginning assets 344.7 223.1 Inflows (5) 
 59.1 50.9 Outflows (5) 
 (49.0) (32.5) Net flows (2) 
 10.1 18.4 Acquired assets (3) 
 99.2 Market appreciation (depreciation) and other (6) 
 (65.0) 6.7 Foreign currency translation (4) 
 (15.1) (2.7) Total ending assets 274.7 344.7 Total managed assets 584.0 754.1 Total net flows (6.6) 42.9 Legacy insurance partners net flows (7) 
 (4.6) (4.9) 
 (1) The 2021 rollforwards for Global Retail Funds and Global Institutional were restated for a reclass between retail and institutional. Total AUM as of December 31, 2021 remained unchanged. 
 (2) Included in net flows are the amounts from the U.S. asset transfer from the BMO acquisition of 2.6 billion 2.5 billion retail and 0.1 billion institutional) in 2022 and 16.9 billion 2.9 billion retail and 14.0 billion institutional) in 2021. 
 (3) Reflects the acquisition of the BMO Global Asset Management (EMEA) business that closed on November 8, 2021. 
 (4) Amounts represent local currency to U.S. dollar translation for reporting purposes. 
 (5) Global Institutional inflows and outflows include net flows from our structured variable annuity product and Ameriprise Bank. 
 (6) Included in Market appreciation (depreciation) and other for Global Institutional is the change in affiliated general account balance, excluding net flows related to our structured variable annuity product and Ameriprise Bank. 
 (7) Legacy insurance partners assets and net flows are included in the rollforwards above. 
 Total segment AUM decreased 170.1 billion, or 23 , during 2022 primarily driven by equity and bond market depreciation and an unfavorable foreign exchange impact. Net outflows were 6.6 billion for 2022, compared to net inflows of 42.9 billion in the prior year which included the transfer of 16.9 billion of retail and institutional assets from U.S. BMO asset management clients that elected to move their assets to us during the fourth quarter of 2021, resulting from the transition of investment advisory services as part of an arrangement with BMO Financial Group for their U.S. business. 
 
 45 

The following table presents the results of operations of our Asset Management segment on an adjusted operating basis: 
 Years Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in millions) Revenues Management and financial advice fees 3,086 3,202 (116) (4) Distribution fees 397 471 (74) (16) Net investment income 9 6 3 50 Other revenues 14 3 11 NM Total revenues 3,506 3,682 (176) (5) Banking and deposit interest expense Total net revenues 3,506 3,682 (176) (5) Expenses Distribution expenses 995 1,132 (137) (12) Amortization of deferred acquisition costs 9 12 (3) (25) Interest and debt expense 5 5 General and administrative expense 1,653 1,437 216 15 Total expenses 2,662 2,586 76 3 Adjusted operating earnings 844 1,096 (252) (23) NM Not Meaningful. 
 Our Asset Management segment pretax adjusted operating earnings, which exclude net realized investment gains or losses, decreased 252 million, or 23 , for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to market depreciation, an unfavorable foreign exchange impact and the cumulative impact of net outflows. 
 Net Revenues 
 Management and financial advice fees decreased 116 million, or 4 , for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily driven by lower average markets, the cumulative impact of net outflows, the impact of foreign exchange rates and a decrease in performance fees, partially offset by revenue associated with the acquired BMO Global Asset Management (EMEA) business. 
 Distribution fees decreased 74 million, or 16 , for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to lower average markets and the cumulative impact from net outflows. 
 Other revenues increased 11 million for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to the acquired BMO Global Asset Management (EMEA) business. 
 Expenses 
 Distribution expenses decreased 137 million, or 12 , for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to market depreciation and the cumulative impact of net outflows. 
 General and administrative expense increased 216 million, or 15 , for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily reflecting the operating expenses of the acquired BMO Global Asset Management (EMEA) business, partially offset by the impact of foreign exchange rates and 17 million in lower performance fee related compensation. 
 46 

Retirement Protection Solutions 
 The following table presents the results of operations of our Retirement Protection Solutions segment on an adjusted operating basis: 
 Years Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in millions) Revenues Management and financial advice fees 788 932 (144) (15) Distribution fees 417 487 (70) (14) Net investment income 569 480 89 19 Premiums, policy and contract charges 1,348 1,338 10 1 Other revenues 12 7 5 71 Total revenues 3,134 3,244 (110) (3) Banking and deposit interest expense Total net revenues 3,134 3,244 (110) (3) Expenses Distribution expenses 436 531 (95) (18) Interest credited to fixed accounts 386 389 (3) (1) Benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses 1,130 1,042 88 8 Amortization of deferred acquisition costs 204 208 (4) (2) Interest and debt expense 39 37 2 5 General and administrative expense 309 302 7 2 Total expenses 2,504 2,509 (5) Adjusted operating earnings 630 735 (105) (14) 
 Our Retirement Protection Solutions segment pretax adjusted operating earnings, which excludes net realized investment gains or losses (net of the related DSIC and DAC amortization, unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual), the market impact on non-traditional long-duration products (including variable annuity contracts and IUL contracts, net of hedges and the related DSIC and DAC amortization, unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual), mean reversion related impacts, and block transfer reinsurance transaction impacts decreased 105 million, or 14 , for 2022 compared to the prior year. 
 Variable annuity account balances decreased 19 to 74.4 billion as of December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year due to market depreciation and net outflows of 2.1 billion. Variable annuity sales decreased 33 to 4.0 billion for 2022 compared to the prior year reflecting a decrease in sales of variable annuities with living benefit guarantees. The risk profile of our in force block continues to improve, with account values with living benefit riders down to 57 as of December 31, 2022 compared to 61 a year ago. This trend is expected to continue and meaningfully shift the mix of business away from products with living benefit guarantees over time. 
 We continue to optimize our risk profile and shift our business mix to lower risk offerings. During the fourth quarter of 2021, we made the decision to discontinue new sales of our variable annuities with living benefit guarantees at the end of 2021, and have stopped issuing new contracts as of mid-2022. In addition, we discontinued new sales of our universal life insurance with secondary guarantees and our single-pay fixed universal life with a long term care rider products at the end of 2021. 
 Net Revenues 
 Management and financial advice fees decreased 144 million, or 15 , for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily reflecting lower average equity markets and variable annuity net outflows. 
 Distribution fees decreased 70 million, or 14 , for 2022 compared to the prior year reflecting lower average equity markets and lower sales. 
 Net investment income, which excludes net realized investment gains or losses, increased 89 million, or 19 , for 2022 compared to the prior year reflecting higher fixed maturity investment yields and increased volume of invested assets partially driven by our portfolio repositioning in the fourth quarter. 
 Expenses 
 Distribution expenses decreased 95 million, or 18 , for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily reflecting lower variable annuity and insurance sales and market depreciation. 
 Benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses, which exclude the market impact on variable annuity contracts (net of hedges and the related DSIC amortization), mean reversion related impacts and the DSIC offset to net realized investment gains or losses, increased 
 47 

88 million, or 8 , for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to the impact of unlocking. The unlocking impact for 2022 was an expense of 180 million primarily reflecting continued lower surrender rates and updated mortality assumptions for variable annuities with living benefits compared to an expense of 89 million for the prior year which was also driven by lower surrender rates. 
 
 Corporate Other 
 The following table presents the results of operations of our Corporate Other segment on an adjusted operating basis: 
 Years Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in millions) Revenues Distribution fees 1 (1) NM Net investment income 155 242 (87) (36) Premiums, policy and contract charges 99 100 (1) (1) Other revenues 230 146 84 58 Total revenues 484 489 (5) (1) Banking and deposit interest expense 5 2 3 NM Total net revenues 479 487 (8) (2) Expenses Distribution expenses (10) (9) (1) 11 Interest credited to fixed accounts 242 250 (8) (3) Benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses 223 179 44 25 Amortization of deferred acquisition costs 3 9 (6) (67) Interest and debt expense 70 63 7 11 General and administrative expense 226 265 (39) (15) Total expenses 754 757 (3) Adjusted operating loss (275) (270) (5) (2) 
 NM Not Meaningful. 
 Our Corporate Other segment includes our closed blocks of LTC insurance and fixed annuity and fixed indexed annuity FA business. 
 Our Corporate Other segment pretax adjusted operating loss excludes net realized investment gains or losses, the market impact on fixed deferred annuity contracts (net of hedges and the related DAC amortization), the market impact of hedges to offset interest rate and currency changes on unrealized gains or losses for certain investments, block transfer reinsurance transaction impacts, gain or loss on disposal of a business that is not considered discontinued operations, integration and restructuring charges, and the impact of consolidating CIEs. Our Corporate Other segment pretax adjusted operating loss increased 5 million, or 2 , for 2022 compared to the prior year. 
 LTC insurance had pretax adjusted operating earnings of 15 million for 2022 compared to pretax adjusted operating earnings of 52 million for the prior year period primarily reflecting the favorable impacts in 2021 from COVID-19 effects on policyholder expenses. 
 FA business had a pretax adjusted operating loss of 16 million for 2022 compared to a pretax adjusted operating loss of 24 million for the prior year. Fixed deferred annuity account balances declined 6 to 7.1 billion as of December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year period as surrender trends continue. During the third quarter of 2021, we closed on a transaction to reinsure RiverSource Life s fixed deferred and immediate annuity policies. 
 Net Revenues 
 Net investment income, which excludes net realized investment gains or losses, the market impact of hedges to offset interest rate and currency changes on unrealized gains or losses for certain investments, integration and restructuring charges, and the impact of consolidating CIEs, decreased 87 million, or 36 , for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily reflecting lower average invested assets due to the sale of investments to the reinsurer as a result of the fixed deferred and immediate annuity reinsurance transaction and a 15 million gain on a strategic investment in the prior year. 
 Other revenues increased 84 million, or 58 , for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily reflecting the yield on deposit receivables arising from reinsurance transactions. 
 48 

Expenses 
 Benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses, which excludes DSIC offset to net realized investment gains or losses, increased 44 million, or 25 , for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily reflecting more normalized claims on LTC insurance, which benefited from COVID-19 related impacts in the prior year. 
 General and administrative expense, which excludes integration and restructuring charges and expenses attributable to CIEs, decreased 39 million, or 15 , for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to a larger unfavorable change in the mark-to-market impact on share-based compensation expense in the prior year due to share price appreciation. 
 Closed Block LTC Insurance 
 As of December 31, 2022, our nursing home indemnity LTC block had approximately 71 million in gross in force annual premium and future policyholder benefits and claim reserves of approximately 1.3 billion, net of reinsurance, which was 51 of GAAP reserves. This block has been shrinking over the last few years given the average attained age is 83 and the average attained age of policyholders on claim is 88. Fifty-four percent of daily benefits in force in this block come from policies that have a lifetime benefit period. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our comprehensive reimbursement LTC block had approximately 114 million in gross in force annual premium and future policyholder benefits and claim reserves of approximately 1.3 billion, net of reinsurance. This block has higher premiums per policy than the nursing home indemnity LTC policies. The average attained age is 79 and the average attained age of policyholders on claim is 85. Thirty-five percent of daily benefits in force in this block come from policies that have a lifetime benefit period. 
 We utilize three primary levers to manage our LTC business. First, we have taken an active approach of steadily increasing rates since 2005, with cumulative rate increases of 237 on our nursing home indemnity LTC block and 135 on our comprehensive reimbursement LTC block as of December 31, 2022. Second, we have a reserving process that reflects the policy features and risk characteristics of our blocks. As of December 31, 2022, we had 41,000 policies that were closed with claim activity, as well as 8,000 open claims. We apply this experience to our in force policies, which were 86,000 as of December 31, 2022, at a very granular level by issue year, attained age and benefit features. Our statutory reserves are 374 million higher than our GAAP reserves and include margins on key assumptions for morbidity and mortality, as well as 345 million in asset adequacy reserves as of December 31, 2022. Lastly, we have prudently managed our investment portfolio primarily through a liquid, investment grade portfolio. 
 We undertake an extensive review of active life future policy benefit reserve adequacy annually during the third quarter of each year, or more frequently if appropriate, using current best estimate assumptions as of the date of the review. Our annual review process includes an analysis of our key reserve assumptions, including those for morbidity, terminations (mortality and lapses), premium rate increases and investment yields. 
 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 We report certain assets and liabilities at fair value; specifically, separate account assets, derivatives, embedded derivatives and most investments and cash equivalents. Fair value assumes the exchange of assets or liabilities occurs in orderly transactions and is not the result of a forced liquidation or distressed sale. We include actual market prices, or observable inputs, in our fair value measurements to the extent available. Broker quotes are obtained when quotes from pricing services are not available. We validate prices obtained from third parties through a variety of means such as: price variance analysis, subsequent sales testing, stale price review, price comparison across pricing vendors and due diligence reviews of vendors. See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our fair value measurements. 
 Fair Value of Liabilities and Nonperformance Risk 
 Companies are required to measure the fair value of liabilities at the price that would be received to transfer the liability to a market participant (an exit price). Since there is not a market for our obligations of our variable annuity riders, fixed deferred indexed annuities, structured variable annuities, and IUL insurance, we consider the assumptions participants in a hypothetical market would make to reflect an exit price. As a result, we adjust the valuation of variable annuity riders, fixed deferred indexed annuities, structured variable annuities, and IUL insurance by updating certain contractholder assumptions, adding explicit margins to provide for risk, and adjusting the rates used to discount expected cash flows to reflect a current market estimate of our nonperformance risk. The nonperformance risk adjustment is based on observable market data adjusted to estimate the risk of our life insurance company subsidiaries not fulfilling these liabilities. Consistent with general market conditions, this estimate resulted in a spread over the U.S. Treasury curve as of December 31, 2022. As our estimate of this spread widens or tightens, the liability will decrease or increase. If this nonperformance credit spread moves to a zero spread over the U.S. Treasury curve, the reduction to future net income would be approximately 359 million, net of DAC, DSIC, unearned revenue amortization, the reinsurance accrual and income taxes (calculated at the statutory tax rate of 21 ), based on December 31, 2022 credit spreads. 
 49 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 We maintained substantial liquidity during the year ended December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 7.0 billion and 7.1 billion, respectively, in cash and cash equivalents excluding CIEs and other restricted cash on a consolidated basis. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the parent company had 389 million and 841 million, respectively, in cash, cash equivalents, and unencumbered liquid securities. Liquid securities predominantly include U.S. government agency mortgage back securities. Additional sources of liquidity include a line of credit with an affiliate up to 729 million and an unsecured revolving committed credit facility for up to 1.0 billion that expires in June 2026. Management s estimate of liquidity available to the parent company as of December 31, 2022 was 1.6 billion which includes cash, cash equivalents, unencumbered liquid securities, the line of credit with an affiliate and a portion of the committed credit facility. 
 Under the terms of the committed credit facility, we can increase the availability to 1.25 billion upon satisfaction of certain approval requirements. Available borrowings under this facility are reduced by any outstanding letters of credit. At December 31, 2022, we had no outstanding borrowings under this credit facility and had 1 million of letters of credit issued against the facility. Our credit facility contains various administrative, reporting, legal and financial covenants. We remain in compliance with all such covenants at December 31, 2022. 
 In addition, we have access to collateralized borrowings, which may include repurchase agreements and Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB advances. Our subsidiaries, RiverSource Life Insurance Company RiverSource Life ), and Ameriprise Bank are members of the FHLB of Des Moines, which provides access to collateralized borrowings. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had an estimated maximum borrowing capacity of 8.0 billion and 8.1 billion, respectively, under the FHLB facilities, of which 201 million and 200 million was outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is collateralized with commercial mortgage backed securities and residential mortgage backed securities. 
 Short-term contractual obligations for the year 2023 include investment certificate maturities of 8.9 billion and estimated insurance and annuity benefits of 1.8 billion in addition to operating liquidity needs and maturing long-term debt in October 2023 of 750 million. Long-term contractual obligations for years after 2023 include estimated insurance and annuity benefits of 49.3 billion. 
 We repaid 500 million principal amount of our 3.0 senior notes at maturity on March 22, 2022. We issued 500 million of 4.5 unsecured senior notes on May 13, 2022. See Note 14 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about our long-term debt maturities. 
 We believe cash flows from operating activities, available cash balances, our availability of revolver borrowings, access to debt markets, and dividends from our subsidiaries will be sufficient to fund our short-term and long-term operating liquidity needs and stress requirements. 
 On August 16, 2022, federal legislation commonly referred to as the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA was enacted. We have evaluated the tax provisions of the IRA, the most significant of which are the corporate alternative minimum tax CAMT and the share repurchase excise tax. Both the CAMT and share repurchase tax are effective beginning in 2023. We expect to be an applicable corporation required to compute the CAMT; however, we have not determined if we will be liable for the CAMT in 2023. We will be a covered corporation subject to the share repurchase excise tax. As the Internal Revenue Service issues additional guidance related to the IRA, we will continue to evaluate any impact to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Dividends from Subsidiaries 
 Ameriprise Financial is primarily a parent holding company for the operations carried out by our wholly-owned subsidiaries. Because of our holding company structure, our ability to meet our cash requirements, including the payment of dividends on our common stock, substantially depends upon the receipt of dividends or return of capital from our subsidiaries, particularly our life insurance subsidiary, RiverSource Life, our face-amount certificate subsidiary, Ameriprise Certificate Company ACC ), AMPF Holding, LLC, which is the parent company of our retail introducing broker-dealer subsidiary, Ameriprise Financial Services, LLC AFS and our clearing broker-dealer subsidiary, American Enterprise Investment Services, Inc. AEIS ), our transfer agent subsidiary, Columbia Management Investment Services Corp., our investment advisory company, Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC, TAM UK International Holdings Ltd., which includes Ameriprise International Holdings GmbH within its organizational structure, and Columbia Threadneedle Investments UK International Ltd. The payment of dividends by many of our subsidiaries is restricted and certain of our subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital requirements. 
 50 

Actual capital and regulatory capital requirements for our wholly owned subsidiaries subject to regulatory capital requirements were as follows: 
 Actual Capital Regulatory Capital Requirements December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 2022 2021 (in millions) RiverSource Life (1)(2) 
 3,103 3,419 571 502 RiverSource Life of NY (1)(2) 
 320 310 40 42 ACC (4)(5) 
 534 304 496 283 TAM UK International Holdings Ltd. (6) 
 437 330 214 248 Ameriprise Bank (4)(7) 
 1,542 853 999 589 AFS (3)(4) 
 90 103 # # Ameriprise Captive Insurance Company (3) 
 38 39 10 10 Ameriprise Trust Company (3) 
 54 47 38 44 AEIS (3)(4) 
 208 155 26 29 RiverSource Distributors, Inc. (3)(4) 
 12 10 # # Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc. (3)(4) 
 17 14 # # Columbia Threadneedle Investments UK International Ltd. (6) 
 330 348 152 170 
 # Amounts are less than 1 million. 
 (1) Actual capital is determined on a statutory basis. 
 (2) Regulatory capital requirement is the company action level and is based on the statutory risk-based capital filing. 
 (3) Regulatory capital requirement is based on the applicable regulatory requirement, calculated as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (4) Actual capital is determined on an adjusted GAAP basis. 
 (5) ACC is required to hold capital in compliance with the Minnesota Department of Commerce and SEC capital requirements. 
 (6) Actual capital and regulatory capital requirements are determined in accordance with U.K. regulatory legislation. 
 (7) Regulatory capital requirement is based on minimum requirements for well capitalized banks in accordance with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC ). 
 In addition to the particular regulations restricting dividend payments and establishing subsidiary capitalization requirements, we take into account the overall health of the business, capital levels and risk management considerations in determining a strategy for payments to our parent holding company from our subsidiaries, and in deciding to use cash to make capital contributions to our subsidiaries. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the parent holding company received cash dividends or a return of capital from its subsidiaries of 2.7 billion and contributed cash to its subsidiaries of 743 million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the parent holding company received cash dividends or a return of capital from its subsidiaries of 4.1 billion and contributed cash to its subsidiaries of 1.3 billion, which included a 973 million contribution to Columbia Threadneedle Investments UK International Ltd. and Ameriprise Asset Management Holdings Singapore Ltd. for the acquisition of the BMO Global Asset Management (EMEA) business. 
 51 

The table below presents the historical subsidiary capacity for dividends and return of capital to the parent holding company in each of the years ended December 31: 
 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) RiverSource Life (1) 
 600 1,900 1,505 Ameriprise Bank 359 78 74 ACC (2) 
 39 129 97 CMIA (3) 
 613 674 381 CMIS (3) 
 27 20 14 TAM UK International Holdings Ltd. 223 355 N/A Ameriprise International Holdings GmbH N/A N/A 254 Ameriprise Trust Company 15 3 Ameriprise Captive Insurance Company 28 34 48 RiverSource Distributors, Inc. 11 12 AMPF Holding, LLC 1,606 1,469 1,116 Columbia Threadneedle Investments UK International Ltd. (4) 
 178 178 N/A Total capacity 3,699 4,840 3,501 
 N/A Not applicable. 
 (1) RiverSource Life payments in excess of statutory unassigned funds require advanced notice to the Minnesota Department of Commerce, RiverSource Life s primary regulator, and are subject to potential disapproval. In addition, dividends and other distributions whose fair market value, together with that of other dividends or distributions made within the preceding 12 months, exceeds the greater of (1) the previous year s statutory net gain from operations or (2) 10 of the previous year-end statutory capital and surplus are referred to as extraordinary dividends. Extraordinary dividends also require advanced notice to the Minnesota Department of Commerce, and are subject to potential disapproval. For dividends exceeding these thresholds, RiverSource Life provided notice to the Minnesota Department of Commerce and received responses indicating that it did not object to the payment of these dividends. Total dividend capacity for RiverSource Life represents dividends paid during year ended December 31 along with any unpaid ordinary dividend capacity, subject to unassigned funds limitation. 
 (2) The capacity for dividends and return of capital for ACC is based on capital held in excess of regulatory requirements. 
 (3) The dividend capacity for CMIA and CMIS is based on available tangible capital net of regulatory non-allowable assets and internal requirements backing Seed Capital. 
 (4) Dividend capacity is subject to regulatory approval. 
 The following table presents cash dividends paid or return of capital to the parent holding company, net of cash capital contributions made by the parent holding company for the following subsidiaries for the years ended December 31: 
 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) RiverSource Life 600 1,900 800 Ameriprise Bank (395) (142) (300) ACC (168) 109 72 CMIA 480 510 324 TAM UK International Holdings Ltd. 256 N/A Ameriprise Advisor Capital, LLC 78 (172) (102) Ameriprise Captive Insurance Company 5 15 AMPF Holding, LLC 1,375 1,284 924 Ameriprise Trust Company (4) Ameriprise India 6 2 4 RiverSource Distributors, Inc. (3) Columbia Threadneedle Investments UK International Ltd. (966) Ameriprise Asset Management Holdings Singapore Ltd. (7) Total 1,976 2,776 1,733 
 N/A Not applicable. 
 52 

In 2009, RiverSource Life established an agreement to protect its exposure to Genworth Life Insurance Company GLIC for its reinsured LTC. In 2016, substantial enhancements to this reinsurance protection agreement were finalized. The terms of these confidential provisions within the agreement have been shared, in the normal course of regular reviews, with our domiciliary regulator and rating agencies. GLIC is domiciled in Delaware, so in the event GLIC were subjected to rehabilitation or insolvency proceedings, such proceedings would be located in (and governed by) Delaware laws. Delaware courts have a long tradition of respecting commercial and reinsurance affairs, as well as contracts among sophisticated parties. Similar credit protections to what we have with GLIC have been tested and respected in Delaware and elsewhere in the United States, and as a result we believe our credit protections would be respected even in the unlikely event that GLIC becomes subject to rehabilitation or insolvency proceedings in Delaware. Accordingly, while no credit protections are perfect, we believe the correct way to think about the risks represented by our counterparty credit exposure to GLIC is not the full amount of the gross liability that GLIC reinsures, but a much smaller net exposure to GLIC (if any that might exist after taking into account our credit protections). Thus, management believes that our agreement and offsetting non-LTC legacy arrangements with Genworth will enable RiverSource Life to recover on all net exposure in all material respects in the event of a rehabilitation or insolvency of GLIC. 
 
 Dividends Paid to Shareholders and Share Repurchases 
 We paid regular quarterly dividends to our shareholders totaling 553 million and 527 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. On January 25, 2023, we announced a quarterly dividend of 1.25 per common share. The dividend will be paid on February 28, 2023 to our shareholders of record at the close of business on February 10, 2023. 
 In January 2022, our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase up to 3.0 billion for the repurchase of our common stock through March 31, 2024. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.6 billion remaining under this share repurchase authorization. We intend to fund share repurchases through existing working capital, future earnings and other customary financing methods. The share repurchase program does not require the purchase of any minimum number of shares, and depending on market conditions and other factors, these purchases may be commenced or suspended at any time without prior notice. Acquisitions under the share repurchase program may be made in the open market, through privately negotiated transactions or block trades or other means. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased a total of 6.6 million shares of our common stock at an average price of 282.33 per share. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 Cash flows of CIEs and restricted and segregated cash are reflected in our cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities, investing activities and financing activities. Cash held by CIEs is not available for general use by Ameriprise Financial, nor is Ameriprise Financial cash available for general use by its CIEs. Cash segregated under federal and other regulations is held for the exclusive benefit of our brokerage customers and is not available for general use by Ameriprise Financial. 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities increased 1.1 billion to 4.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 3.3 billion for the prior year primarily reflecting a 885 million increase in derivatives, net of collateral, and a 564 million increase in receivables, partially offset by a 653 million decrease in policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims, net. 
 Investing Activities 
 Our investing activities primarily relate to our Available-for-Sale investment portfolio. This activity is significantly affected by the net flows of our brokerage cash and certificates businesses, fixed annuity and universal life products reflected in financing activities. 
 Net cash used in investing activities increased 9.2 billion to 13.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 4.4 billion for the prior year primarily reflecting a 7.3 billion increase in cash used for purchases of Available-for-Sale securities and a 3.9 billion decrease in proceeds from maturities, sinking fund payments and calls of Available-for-Sale securities. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities increased 6.7 billion to 8.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1.7 billion for the prior year primarily reflecting a 5.5 billion increase in net cash flows from investment certificates, a 2.9 billion increase in banking deposits, a 491 million increase in issuance of long-term debt and a 1.1 billion increase in repayments of debt by CIEs, partially offset by a 1.4 billion decrease in borrowings by CIEs, a 1.0 billion decrease due to lower deferred premium derivative transactions, and a 501 million increase in repayments of long-term debt. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This report contains forward-looking statements that reflect management s plans, estimates and beliefs. Actual results could differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements. Examples of such forward-looking statements include: 
 statements of the Company s plans, intentions, positioning, expectations, objectives or goals, including those relating to asset flows, mass affluent and affluent client acquisition strategy, client retention and growth of our client base, financial advisor productivity, retention, recruiting and enrollments, the introduction, cessation, terms or pricing of new or existing products and services, acquisition integration, benefits and claims expenses, general and administrative costs, consolidated tax rate, return of capital to shareholders, debt repayment and excess capital position and financial flexibility to capture additional growth 
 53 

opportunities; 
 statements about the expected trend in the shift to lower-risk products, including the exit from variable annuities with living benefit riders and the discontinuance of new sales of universal life insurance with secondary guarantees; 
 statements about the outcomes from the application to convert Ameriprise Bank to a state-chartered bank and national trust bank or the anticipated deposit growth or impacts from possible future interest rate increases; 
 other statements about future economic performance, the performance of equity markets and interest rate variations and the economic performance of the United States and of global markets; and 
 statements of assumptions underlying such statements. 
 The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, may, should, could, would, likely, forecast, on track, project, continue, able to remain, resume, deliver, develop, evolve, drive, enable, flexibility, scenario, case , appear , expand and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. 
 Such factors include, but are not limited to: 
 market fluctuations and general economic and political factors, including volatility in the U.S. and global market conditions, client behavior and volatility in the markets for our products; 
 changes in interest rates; 
 adverse capital and credit market conditions or any downgrade in our credit ratings; 
 effects of competition and our larger competitors economies of scale; 
 declines in our investment management performance; 
 our ability to compete in attracting and retaining talent, including financial advisors; 
 impairment, negative performance or default by financial institutions or other counterparties; 
 the ability to maintain our unaffiliated third-party distribution channels and the impacts of sales of unaffiliated products; 
 changes in valuation of securities and investments included in our assets; 
 the determination of the amount of allowances taken on loans and investments; 
 the illiquidity of our investments; 
 effects of the elimination of LIBOR on, and value of, securities and other assets and liabilities tied to LIBOR; 
 failures by other insurers that lead to higher assessments we owe to state insurance guaranty funds; 
 failures or defaults by counterparties to our reinsurance arrangements; 
 inadequate reserves for future policy benefits and claims or for future redemptions and maturities; 
 deviations from our assumptions regarding morbidity, mortality and persistency affecting our insurance profitability; 
 changes to our reputation arising from employee or advisor misconduct or otherwise; 
 direct or indirect effects of or responses to climate change; 
 interruptions or other failures in our operating systems and networks, including errors or failures caused by third-party service providers, interference or third-party attacks; 
 interruptions or other errors in our telecommunications or data processing systems; 
 identification and mitigation of risk exposure in market environments, new products, vendors and other types of risk; 
 ability of our subsidiaries to transfer funds to us to pay dividends; 
 changes in exchange rates and other risks in connection with our international operations and earnings and income generated overseas; 
 occurrence of natural or man-made disasters and catastrophes; 
 risks in acquisition transactions, such as the integration of the BMO Global Asset Management (EMEA) business, or other potential strategic acquisitions or divestitures; 
 legal and regulatory actions brought against us; 
 changes to laws and regulations that govern operation of our business; 
 supervision by bank regulators and related regulatory and prudential standards as a savings and loan holding company that may limit our activities and strategies; 
 changes in corporate tax laws and regulations and interpretations and determinations of tax laws impacting our products; 
 protection of our intellectual property and claims we infringe the intellectual property of others; and 
 changes in and the adoption of new accounting standards. 
 Management cautions the reader that the foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. There may also be other risks that management is unable to predict at this time that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements. Readers are 
 54 

cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. Management undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements. 
 Ameriprise Financial announces financial and other information to investors through the Company s investor relations website at ir.ameriprise.com, as well as SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. Investors and others interested in the company are encouraged to visit the investor relations website from time to time, as information is updated and new information is posted. The website also allows users to sign up for automatic notifications in the event new materials are posted. The information found on the website is not incorporated by reference into this report or in any other report or document the Company furnishes or files with the SEC. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Market Risk 
 Our primary market risk exposures are interest rate, equity price, foreign currency exchange rate and credit risk. Equity price and interest rate fluctuations can have a significant impact on our results of operations, primarily due to the effects they have on the asset management and other asset-based fees we earn, the spread income generated on our fixed deferred annuities, fixed insurance, brokerage client cash balances, banking deposits, face-amount certificate products, fixed portion of our variable annuities and variable insurance contracts, the value of deferred acquisition costs DAC and deferred sales inducement costs DSIC assets, the value of liabilities for guaranteed benefits associated with our variable annuities and the value of derivatives held to hedge these benefits. 
 RiverSource Life has the following variable annuity guarantee benefits: guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits GMWB ), guaranteed minimum accumulation benefits GMAB ), guaranteed minimum death benefits GMDB and guaranteed minimum income benefits GMIB ). Each of these benefits guarantees payouts to the annuity holder under certain specific conditions regardless of the performance of the underlying invested assets. 
 The variable annuity guarantees continue to be managed by utilizing a hedging program which attempts to match the sensitivity of the assets with the sensitivity of the liabilities. This approach works with the premise that matched sensitivities will produce a highly effective hedging result. Our comprehensive hedging program focuses mainly on first order sensitivities of assets and liabilities: Equity Market Level (Delta), Interest Rate Level (Rho) and Volatility (Vega). Additionally, various second order sensitivities are managed. We use various options, swaptions, swaps and futures to manage risk exposures. The exposures are measured and monitored daily, and adjustments to the hedge portfolio are made as necessary. 
 We have a macro hedge program to provide protection against the statutory tail scenario risk arising from variable annuity reserves on our statutory surplus and to cover some of the residual risks not covered by other hedging activities. We assess the residual risk under a range of scenarios in creating and executing the macro hedge program. As a means of economically hedging these risks, we may use a combination of futures, options, swaps and swaptions. Certain of the macro hedge derivatives used contain settlement provisions linked to both equity returns and interest rates; the remaining are interest rate contracts or equity contracts. The macro hedge program could result in additional earnings volatility as changes in the value of the macro hedge derivatives, which are designed to reduce statutory capital volatility, may not be closely aligned to changes in the variable annuity guarantee embedded derivatives. 
 To evaluate interest rate and equity price risk we perform sensitivity testing which measures the impact on pretax income from the sources listed below for a 12-month period following a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates or a hypothetical 10 decline in equity prices. The interest rate risk test assumes a sudden 100 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve, with rates then staying at those levels for the next 12 months. The equity price risk test assumes a sudden 10 drop in equity prices, with equity prices then staying at those levels for the next 12 months. In estimating the values of variable annuities, indexed annuities, stock market certificates, indexed universal life IUL insurance and the associated hedge assets, we assume no change in implied market volatility despite the 10 drop in equity prices. 
 55 

The following tables present our estimate of the impact on pretax income from the above defined hypothetical market movements as of December 31, 2022: 
 Equity Price Decline 10 Equity Price Exposure to Pretax Income Before Hedge Impact Hedge Impact Net Impact (in millions) Asset-based management and distribution fees (1) 
 (285) 2 (283) DAC and DSIC amortization (2)(3) 
 (43) (43) Variable annuities: 
 GMDB and GMIB (3) 
 (33) (33) GMWB (3) 
 (534) 489 (45) GMAB (31) 31 Structured variable annuities 494 (463) 31 DAC and DSIC amortization (4) 
 N/A N/A (4) Total variable annuities 
 (104) 57 (51) Macro hedge program (5) 
 230 230 Certificates 1 (1) IUL insurance 15 (30) (15) Total (416) 258 (162) (6) 
 
 N/A Not Applicable 
 
 Interest Rate Increase 100 Basis Points Interest Rate Exposure to Pretax Income Before Hedge Impact Hedge Impact Net Impact (in millions) Asset-based management and distribution fees (1) 
 (53) (53) Variable annuities: 
 GMWB 702 (766) (64) GMAB 1 (1) Structured variable annuities (29) 183 154 DAC and DSIC amortization (4) 
 N/A N/A (18) Total variable annuities 
 674 (584) 72 Macro hedge program (5) 
 (313) (313) Fixed annuities, fixed insurance and fixed portion of variable annuities and variable insurance products 
 57 57 Banking deposits 28 28 Brokerage client cash balances 146 146 Certificates (9) (9) IUL insurance 18 2 20 Total 861 (895) (52) 
 N/A Not Applicable. 
 (1) Excludes incentive income which is impacted by market and fund performance during the period and cannot be readily estimated. 
 (2) Market impact on DAC and DSIC amortization resulting from lower projected profits. 
 (3) In estimating the impact to pretax income on DAC and DSIC amortization and additional insurance benefit reserves, our assumed equity asset growth rates reflect what management would follow in its mean reversion guidelines. 
 (4) Market impact on DAC and DSIC amortization related to variable annuity riders and structured variable annuities is modeled net of hedge impact. 
 (5) The market impact of the macro hedge program is modeled net of any related impact to DAC and DSIC amortization. 
 (6) Represents the net impact to pretax income. The estimated net impact to pretax adjusted operating income is (283) million. 
 The above results compare to an estimated negative net impact to pretax income of 190 million related to a 10 equity price decline and an estimated positive net impact to pretax income of 80 million related to a 100 basis point increase in interest rates as of December 31, 2021. The change in interest rate exposure as of December 31, 2022 compared to prior year-end was primarily driven by additional downside rate protection added in the macro hedge program. 
 56 

Net impacts shown in the above table from GMWB riders result largely from differences between the liability valuation basis and the hedging basis. Liabilities are valued using fair value accounting principles, with risk margins incorporated in contractholder behavior assumptions and with discount rates increased to reflect a current market estimate of our risk of nonperformance specific to these liabilities. Our hedging is based on our determination of economic risk, which excludes certain items in the liability valuation including the nonperformance spread risk. 
 Actual results could differ materially from those illustrated above as they are based on a number of estimates and assumptions. These include assuming that implied market volatility does not change when equity prices fall by 10 and that the 100 basis point increase in interest rates is a parallel shift of the yield curve. Furthermore, we have not tried to anticipate changes in client preferences for different types of assets or other changes in client behavior, nor have we tried to anticipate all strategic actions management might take to increase revenues or reduce expenses in these scenarios. 
 The selection of a 100 basis point interest rate increase as well as a 10 equity price decline should not be construed as a prediction of future market events. Impacts of larger or smaller changes in interest rates or equity prices may not be proportional to those shown for a 100 basis point increase in interest rates or a 10 decline in equity prices. 
 Asset-Based Management and Distribution Fees 
 We earn asset-based management fees and distribution fees on our assets under management. As of December 31, 2022, the value of our assets under management was 1.0 trillion. These sources of revenue are subject to both interest rate and equity price risk since the value of these assets and the fees they earn fluctuate inversely with interest rates and directly with equity prices. We currently only hedge certain equity price risk for this exposure, primarily using futures and swaps. We currently do not hedge any of the interest rate risk for this exposure. 
 DAC and DSIC Amortization 
 For annuity and UL/variable universal life VUL products, DAC and DSIC are amortized on the basis of estimated gross profits EGPs ). EGPs are a proxy for pretax income prior to the recognition of DAC and DSIC amortization expense. When events occur that reduce or increase current period EGPs, DAC and DSIC amortization expense is typically reduced or increased as well, somewhat mitigating the impact of the event on pretax income. 
 Variable Annuity Riders 
 The total contract value of all variable annuities as of December 31, 2022 was 74.4 billion. These contract values include GMWB and GMAB contracts which were 41.1 billion and 1.4 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, reserves for GMWB were net liabilities of 1.9 billion and reserves for GMAB were net assets of 35 million. The GMWB and GMAB reserves include the fair value of embedded derivatives, which fluctuates based on equity, interest rate and credit markets which can cause these embedded derivatives to be either an asset or a liability. As of December 31, 2022, the reserve for GMDB and GMIB was a net liability of 56 million. 
 Equity Price Risk 
 The variable annuity guaranteed benefits guarantee payouts to the annuity holder under certain specific conditions regardless of the performance of the investment assets. For this reason, when equity prices decline, the returns from the separate account assets coupled with guaranteed benefit fees from annuity holders may not be sufficient to fund expected payouts. In that case, reserves must be increased with a negative impact to earnings. 
 The core derivative instruments with which we hedge the equity price risk of our GMWB and GMAB provisions are longer dated put and call options; these core instruments are supplemented with equity futures and total return swaps. See Note 17 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on our derivative instruments. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The GMAB and the non-life contingent benefits associated with the GMWB provisions create embedded derivatives which are carried at fair value separately from the underlying host variable annuity contract. The changes in fair value of the GMWB and GMAB liabilities are recorded through earnings with fair value calculated based on projected, discounted cash flows over the life of the contract, including projected, discounted benefits and fees. Increases in interest rates reduce the fair value of the GMWB and GMAB liabilities. The GMWB and GMAB interest rate exposure is hedged with a portfolio of longer dated put and call options, futures, interest rate swaps and swaptions. We have entered into interest rate swaps according to risk exposures along maturities, thus creating both fixed rate payor and variable rate payor terms. If interest rates were to increase, we would have to pay more to the swap counterparty, and the fair value of our equity puts would decrease, resulting in a negative impact to our pretax income. 
 Structured Variable Annuities 
 Structured variable annuities offer the contract-holder the ability to allocate premiums to either an account that earns fixed interest (fixed account) or an account that credits interest based on the performance of various equity indices (indexed account) subject to a cap, floor, or buffer. Our earnings are based upon the spread between investment income earned and the credits made to the fixed and indexed accounts of the structured variable annuities. As of December 31, 2022, we had 6.6 billion in liabilities related to structured variable annuities. 
 57 

Equity Price Risk 
 The equity-linked return to investors creates equity price risk as the amount credited depends on changes in equity prices. The equity price risk for structured variable annuities is evaluated together with the variable annuity riders as part of a hedge program using the derivative instruments consistent with our hedging on variable annuity riders. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The fair value of the embedded derivative associated with structured variable annuities is based on a discounted cash flow approach. Changes in interest rates impact the discounting of the embedded derivative liability. The spread between the investment income earned and amounts credited to contract-holders is also affected by changes in interest rates. These interest rate risks associated with structured variable annuities are not currently hedged. 
 Fixed Annuities, Fixed Insurance and Fixed Portion of Variable Annuities and Variable Insurance Contracts 
 Our earnings from fixed deferred annuities, fixed insurance, and the fixed portion of variable annuities and variable insurance contracts are based upon the spread between rates earned on assets held and the rates at which interest is credited to accounts. We primarily invest in fixed rate securities to fund the rate credited to clients. We guarantee an interest rate to the holders of these products. Investment assets and client liabilities generally differ as it relates to basis, repricing or maturity characteristics. Rates credited to clients accounts generally reset at shorter intervals than the yield on the underlying investments. Therefore, in an increasing interest rate environment, higher interest rates may be reflected in crediting rates to clients sooner than in rates earned on invested assets, which could result in a reduced spread between the two rates, reduced earned income and a negative impact on pretax income. While interest rates under the current environment have relieved some pressure from the liability guaranteed minimum interest rates GMIRs ), there are still some GMIRs above current levels. Hence, liability credited rates will move more slowly under a modest rise in interest rates while projected asset purchases would capture the full increase in interest rates. This dynamic would result in widening spreads under a modestly rising rate scenario given the current relationship between the current level of interest rates and the underlying GMIRs on the business. Of the 36.1 billion in Policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims as of December 31, 2022, 24.9 billion is related to liabilities created by these products. We do not hedge this exposure. 
 As a result of the current market environment, reinvestment yields are becoming more aligned with the current portfolio yield. We would expect the recent decline in our portfolio income yields to slow and begin to stabilize in future periods if the current environment continues. The carrying value and weighted average yield of non-structured fixed maturity securities and commercial mortgage loans that may generate proceeds to reinvest through 2024 due to prepayment, maturity or call activity at the option of the issuer, excluding securities with a make-whole provision, were 4.0 billion and 4.1 , respectively, as of December 31, 2022. In addition, residential mortgage backed securities, which can be subject to prepayment risk under a low interest rate environment, totaled 15.7 billion and had a weighted average yield of 3.5 as of December 31, 2022. While these amounts represent investments that could be subject to reinvestment risk, it is also possible that these investments will be used to fund liabilities or may not be prepaid and will remain invested at their current yields. In addition to the interest rate environment, the mix of benefit payments versus product sales as well as the timing and volumes associated with such mix may impact our investment yield. Furthermore, reinvestment activities and the associated investment yield may also be impacted by corporate strategies implemented at management s discretion. The average yield for investment purchases during the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 4.3 . 
 The reinvestment of proceeds from maturities, calls and prepayments at rates near the current portfolio yield will have a limited impact to future operating results. In this volatile rate environment, we assess reinvestment risk in our investment portfolio and monitor this risk in accordance with our asset/liability management framework. In addition, we may update the crediting rates on our fixed products when warranted, subject to guaranteed minimums. 
 58 

The following table presents the account values of fixed deferred annuities, fixed insurance, and the fixed portion of variable annuities and variable insurance contracts by range of GMIRs and the range of the difference between rates credited to policyholders and contractholders as of December 31, 2022 and the respective guaranteed minimums, as well as the percentage of account values subject to rate reset in the time period indicated. Rates are reset at our discretion, subject to guaranteed minimums. 
 Account Values with Crediting Rates At Guaranteed Minimum 1-49 bps above Guaranteed Minimum 50-99 bps above Guaranteed Minimum 100-150 bps above Guaranteed Minimum Total (in billions, except percentages) Range of Guaranteed Minimum Crediting Rates 
 1 - 1.99 0.6 0.5 0.2 0.1 1.4 2 - 2.99 0.5 0.5 3 - 3.99 7.0 7.0 4 - 5.00 5.5 5.5 Total 13.6 0.5 0.2 0.1 14.4 Percentage of Account Values That Reset In: 
 Next 12 months (1) 
 100 95 93 100 100 > 12 months to 24 months (2) 
 4 6 > 24 months (2) 
 1 1 Total 100 100 100 100 100 
 (1) Includes contracts with annual discretionary crediting rate resets and contracts with 12 or less months until the crediting rate becomes discretionary on an annual basis. 
 (2) Includes contracts with more than 12 months remaining until the crediting rate becomes an annual discretionary rate. 
 Equity Indexed Annuities 
 Our equity indexed annuity EIA product is a single premium annuity issued with an initial term of seven years. The annuity guarantees the contractholder a minimum return of 3 on 90 of the initial premium or end of prior term accumulation value upon renewal plus a return that is linked to the performance of the S P 500 Index. The equity-linked return is based on a participation rate initially set at between 50 and 90 of the S P 500 Index, which is guaranteed for the initial seven-year term when the contract is held to full term. As of December 31, 2022, we had 16 million in liabilities related to EIAs. We discontinued new sales of EIAs in 2007. 
 Equity Price Risk 
 The equity-linked return to investors creates equity price risk as the amount credited depends on changes in equity prices. To hedge this exposure, we purchase futures, which generate returns to replicate what we must credit to client accounts. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Most of the proceeds received from EIAs are invested in fixed income securities with the return on those investments intended to fund the 3 guarantee. We earn income from the difference between the return earned on invested assets and the 3 guarantee rate credited to customer accounts. The spread between return earned and amount credited is affected by changes in interest rates. This risk is not currently hedged and was immaterial as of December 31, 2022. 
 Banking Deposits and Brokerage Client Cash Balances 
 We pay interest on banking deposits and certain brokerage client cash balances and have the ability to reset these rates from time to time based on prevailing economic and business conditions. We earn revenue to fund the interest paid from interest-earning assets or fees from off-balance sheet deposits at Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insured institutions, which are indexed to short-term interest rates. In general, the change in interest paid lags the change in revenues earned. 
 Certificate Products 
 Fixed Rate Certificates 
 We have interest rate risk from our investment certificates generally ranging in amounts from 1 thousand to 2 million with interest crediting rate terms ranging from 3 to 36 months. We guarantee an interest rate to the holders of these products. Payments collected from clients are primarily invested in fixed income securities to fund the client credited rate with the spread between the rate earned from investments and the rate credited to clients recorded as earned income. Client liabilities and investment assets generally differ as it relates to basis, repricing or maturity characteristics. Rates credited to clients generally reset at shorter intervals than the yield on underlying investments. This exposure is not currently hedged although we monitor our investment strategy and make modifications based on our changing liabilities and the expected interest rate environment. Of the 30.8 billion in customer deposits as of December 31, 2022, 9.1 billion related to reserves for our fixed rate certificate products. 
 59 

Stock Market Certificates 
 Stock market certificates are purchased for amounts generally from 1 thousand to 2 million for terms of 52 weeks, 104 weeks or 156 weeks, which can be extended to a maximum of 15 years depending on the term. For each term the certificate holder can choose to participate 100 in any percentage increase in the S P 500 Index up to a maximum return or choose partial participation in any increase in the S P 500 Index plus a fixed rate of interest guaranteed in advance. If partial participation is selected, the total of equity-linked return and guaranteed rate of interest cannot exceed the maximum return. Liabilities for our stock market certificates are included in Customer deposits. As of December 31, 2022, we had 221 million in reserves related to stock market certificates. The equity-linked return to investors creates equity price risk exposure. We seek to minimize this exposure with purchased futures and call spreads that replicate what we must credit to client accounts. This risk continues to be fully hedged. Stock market certificates have some interest rate risk as changes in interest rates affect the fair value of the payout to be made to the certificate holder. This risk is not currently hedged and was immaterial as of December 31, 2022. 
 Indexed Universal Life 
 IUL insurance is similar to UL in many regards, although the rate of credited interest above the minimum guarantee for funds allocated to an indexed account is linked to the performance of the specified index for the indexed account (subject to stated account parameters, which include a cap and floor, or a spread and floor). We offer an S P 500 Index account option and a blended multi-index account option comprised of the S P 500 Index, the MSCI EAFE Index and the MSCI EM Index. Both options offer two crediting durations, one-year and two-year. The policyholder may allocate all or a portion of the policy value to a fixed or any available indexed account. As of December 31, 2022, we had 2.5 billion in liabilities related to the indexed accounts of IUL, with the vast majority in the S P 500 Index account option. 
 Equity Price Risk 
 The equity-linked return to investors creates equity price risk as the amount credited depends on changes in equity prices. Most of the proceeds received from IUL insurance are invested in fixed income securities. To hedge the equity exposure, a portion of the investment earnings received from the fixed income securities is used to purchase call spreads which generate returns to replicate what we must credit to client accounts. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 As mentioned above, most of the proceeds received from IUL insurance are invested in fixed income securities with the return on those investments intended to fund the purchase of call spreads and options. There are two risks relating to interest rates. First, we have the risk that investment returns are such that we do not have enough investment income to purchase the needed call spreads. Second, in the event the policy is surrendered we pay out a book value surrender amount and there is a risk that we will incur a loss upon having to sell the fixed income securities backing the liability (if interest rates have risen). This risk is not currently hedged. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We have foreign currency risk through our net investment in foreign subsidiaries and our operations in foreign countries. We are primarily exposed to changes in British Pounds related to our net investment in Threadneedle and BMO Global Asset Management (EMEA), which was approximately 1.4 billion as of December 31, 2022. We also have exposure related to operations in foreign countries to Euros, Indian Rupees and other currencies. We monitor the foreign exchange rates that we have exposure to and enter into foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate risk when economically prudent. As of December 31, 2022, the notional value of outstanding contracts and our remaining foreign currency risk related to operations in foreign countries were not material. 
 Interest Rate Risk on External Debt 
 The stated interest rate on the 2.8 billion of our senior unsecured notes is fixed. We did not enter into interest rate swap agreements to effectively convert the fixed interest rate on any of the senior unsecured notes to floating interest rates. 
 Credit Risk 
 We are exposed to credit risk within our investment portfolio, including our loan portfolio, and through our derivative and reinsurance activities. Credit risk relates to the uncertainty of an obligor s continued ability to make timely payments in accordance with the contractual terms of the financial instrument or contract. We consider our total potential credit exposure to each counterparty and its affiliates to ensure compliance with pre-established credit guidelines at the time we enter into a transaction which would potentially increase our credit risk. These guidelines and oversight of credit risk are managed through a comprehensive enterprise risk management program that includes members of senior management. 
 We manage the risk of credit-related losses in the event of nonperformance by counterparties by applying disciplined fundamental credit analysis and underwriting standards, prudently limiting exposures to lower-quality, higher-yielding investments, and diversifying exposures by issuer, industry, region and underlying investment type. We remain exposed to occasional adverse cyclical economic downturns during which default rates may be significantly higher than the long-term historical average used in pricing. 
 We manage our credit risk related to over-the-counter derivatives by entering into transactions with creditworthy counterparties, maintaining collateral arrangements and through the use of master netting arrangements that provide for a single net payment to be made by one counterparty to another at each due date and upon termination. Generally, our current credit exposure on over-the- 
 60 

counter derivative contracts is limited to a derivative counterparty s net positive fair value of derivative contracts after taking into consideration the existence of netting arrangements and any collateral received. This exposure is monitored and managed to an acceptable threshold level. 
 The counterparty risk for centrally cleared over-the-counter derivatives is transferred to a central clearing party through contract novation. Because the central clearing party monitors open positions and adjusts collateral requirements daily, we have minimal credit exposure from such derivative instruments. 
 Exchange-traded derivatives are effected through regulated exchanges that require contract standardization and initial margin to transact through the exchange. Because exchange-traded futures are marked to market and generally cash settled on a daily basis, we have minimal exposure to credit-related losses in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to such derivative instruments. Other exchange-traded derivatives would be exposed to nonperformance by counterparties for amounts in excess of initial margin requirements only if the exchange is unable to fulfill the contract. 
 We manage our credit risk related to reinsurance treaties by evaluating the financial condition of reinsurance counterparties prior to entering into new reinsurance treaties. In addition, we regularly evaluate their financial strength during the terms of the treaties. As of December 31, 2022, our largest reinsurance credit risks are related to coinsurance treaties with Commonwealth and with life insurance subsidiaries of Genworth Financial, Inc. See Note 7 and Note 8 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on reinsurance. 
 61 

Ameriprise Financial, Inc. 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID 
 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations Years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 66 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 66 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 67 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity Years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 69 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 71 
 1. Basis of Presentation 
 71 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 71 
 3. Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 80 
 4. Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
 82 
 5. Variable Interest Entities 
 86 
 6. Investments 
 91 
 7. Financing Receivables 
 95 
 8. Reinsurance 
 98 
 9. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 99 
 10. Deferred Acquisition Costs and Deferred Sales Inducement Costs 
 100 
 11. Policyholder Account Balances, Future Policy Benefits and Claims and Separate Account Liabilities 
 101 
 12. Variable Annuity and Insurance Guarantees 
 103 
 13. Customer Deposits 
 105 
 14. Debt 
 106 
 15. Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities 
 107 
 16. Offsetting Assets and Liabilities 
 118 
 17. Derivatives and Hedging Activities 
 119 
 18. Leases 
 124 
 19. Share-Based Compensation 
 125 
 20. Shareholders Equity 
 128 
 21. Earnings per Share 
 131 
 22. Regulatory Requirements 
 131 
 23. Income Taxes 
 133 
 24. Retirement Plans and Profit Sharing Arrangements 
 135 
 25. Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies 
 139 
 26. Related Party Transactions 
 140 
 27. Segment Information 
 140 
 28. Revision of Prior Period Financial Statements 
 144 
 
 62 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 63 

Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Valuation of the embedded derivatives in certain variable annuity riders 
 As described in Notes 2, 11, 12, and 15 to the consolidated financial statements, management values the embedded derivatives attributable to the provisions of certain variable annuity riders using internal valuation models. As there is no active market for the transfer of these embedded derivatives, such internal valuation models estimate fair value by discounting expected cash flows. As of December 31, 2022, the net embedded derivative liability in certain variable annuity riders was 608 million, and is included in policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims on the consolidated balance sheet. Management s discounted cash flow model for estimating fair value includes observable capital market assumptions and incorporates significant unobservable inputs related to implied volatility, nonperformance risk and contractholder behavior assumptions that include margins for risk, all of which management believes a market participant would expect. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of the embedded derivatives in certain variable annuity riders is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment used by management to estimate the fair value of the embedded derivatives in certain variable annuity riders, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to the significant unobservable inputs used to determine implied volatility, nonperformance risk and contractholder behavior assumptions that include margins for risk. Also, the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls related to the Company s estimate of the fair value of embedded derivatives in certain variable annuity riders, including controls over the significant unobservable inputs. These procedures also included, among others, evaluating and testing management s process for developing the fair value estimate. Testing management s process included evaluating the reasonableness of the significant unobservable inputs related to implied volatility, nonperformance risk and contractholder behavior assumptions that include margins for risk and testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used by management in the development of the significant unobservable inputs. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in (i) evaluating the reasonableness of certain significant unobservable inputs related to implied volatility, nonperformance risk and contractholder behavior assumptions that include margins for risk based on industry knowledge and data as well as historical Company data and experience, and (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of management s models. 
 Valuation of certain guarantees on variable annuity and certain life insurance policies accounted for as insurance liabilities 
 As described in Notes 2, 11, and 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company issues universal life, variable universal life and variable annuity policies that have product features that are accounted for as insurance liabilities. As disclosed by management, the liability for these policies, which is included in policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims on the consolidated balance sheet, is determined using actuarial models to estimate the present value of the projected benefits in excess of account value and recognizing the excess over the estimated life based on expected assessments. Significant assumptions used by management in projecting the present value of future benefits and assessments include customer asset value growth rates, mortality, persistency, and investment margins, and additionally for variable annuity policies, benefit utilization. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of certain guarantees on variable annuity and certain life insurance policies accounted for as insurance liabilities is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment used by management when developing the estimate of certain guarantees on variable annuity and certain life insurance policies accounted for as insurance liabilities, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions used to determine customer asset value growth rates, persistency, investment margins, and, for variable annuity policies, benefit utilization. Also, the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the Company s valuation of certain guarantees on variable annuity and certain life insurance policies accounted for as insurance liabilities, including controls over management s development of the significant assumptions. These procedures also included, among others, evaluating and testing management s process for developing the estimate of certain guarantees on variable annuity and certain life insurance policies accounted for as insurance liabilities, testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used by management and testing that assumptions are accurately reflected in the models. Evaluating and testing management s process also included the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in (i) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant 
 64 

assumptions related to customer asset value growth rates, persistency, benefit utilization and investment margins based on industry knowledge and data as well as historical Company data and experience, and (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of management s models. 
 /s/ 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 

65 

Ameriprise Financial, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions, except per share amounts) Revenues Management and financial advice fees Distribution fees Net investment income Premiums, policy and contract charges Other revenues Total revenues Banking and deposit interest expense Total net revenues Expenses Distribution expenses Interest credited to fixed accounts Benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses Amortization of deferred acquisition costs Interest and debt expense General and administrative expense Total expenses Pretax income Income tax provision Net income Earnings per share Basic Diluted 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 
 Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities 
 ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives 
 ) ) ) Defined benefit plans 
 ) Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 66 

Ameriprise Financial, Inc. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions, except share amounts) Assets Cash and cash equivalents 
 Cash of consolidated investment entities 
 Investments (allowance for credit losses: 2022, ; 2021, 
 Investments of consolidated investment entities, at fair value 
 Separate account assets 
 Receivables (allowance for credit losses: 2022, ; 2021, 
 Receivables of consolidated investment entities, at fair value 
 Deferred acquisition costs 
 Restricted and segregated cash, cash equivalents and investments 
 Other assets 
 Other assets of consolidated investment entities, at fair value Total assets 
 Liabilities and Equity Liabilities: Policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims 
 Separate account liabilities 
 Customer deposits 
 Short-term borrowings 
 Long-term debt 
 Debt of consolidated investment entities, at fair value 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 Other liabilities 
 Other liabilities of consolidated investment entities, at fair value 
 Total liabilities 
 Equity: Common shares par value; shares authorized, ; shares issued, and , respectively) 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury shares, at cost and shares, respectively) 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Total equity 
 Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 67 

Ameriprise Financial, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 Number of Outstanding Shares Common Shares Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Shares Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total (in millions, except share data) Balances at January 1, 2020 
 ) Cumulative effect of adoption of current expected credit losses guidance ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Dividends to shareholders ) ) Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) Share-based compensation plans Balances at December 31, 2020 
 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Dividends to shareholders ) ) Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) Share-based compensation plans Balances at December 31, 2021 
 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Dividends to shareholders ) ) Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) Share-based compensation plans Balances at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 68 

Ameriprise Financial, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation, amortization and accretion, net ) Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) Share-based compensation Net realized investment (gains) losses 
 ) ) ) Net trading (gains) losses 
 ) Loss from equity method investments 
 Impairments and provision for loan and credit losses Net (gains) losses of consolidated investment entities ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities Restricted and segregated investments ) ) Deferred acquisition costs ) Policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims, net Derivatives, net of collateral ) ) Receivables ) ) Brokerage deposits ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Current income tax, net ) Deferred taxes, net Other operating assets and liabilities of consolidated investment entities, net ) Other, net Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities Available-for-Sale securities: Proceeds from sales Maturities, sinking fund payments and calls Purchases ) ) ) Proceeds from sales, maturities and repayments of mortgage loans Funding and purchases of mortgage loans ) ) ) Proceeds from sales, maturities and collections of other investments Purchase of other investments ) ) ) Purchase of investments by consolidated investment entities ) ) ) Proceeds from sales, maturities and repayments of investments by consolidated investment entities Purchase of land, buildings, equipment and software ) ) ) Cash paid for written options with deferred premiums ) ) ) Cash received from written options with deferred premiums Cash returned (paid) for acquisition of business, net of cash acquired ) Cash paid for deposit receivables ) ) ) Cash received for deposit receivables Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) ) See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 69 

Ameriprise Financial, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Investment certificates: 
 Proceeds from additions 
 Maturities, withdrawals and cash surrenders 
 ) ) ) Policyholder account balances: 
 Deposits and other additions 
 Net transfers from (to) separate accounts 
 ) ) ) Surrenders and other benefits 
 ) ) ) Change in banking deposits, net 
 Cash paid for purchased options with deferred premiums 
 ) ) ) Cash received from purchased options with deferred premiums 
 Issuance of long-term debt, net of issuance costs Repayments of long-term debt 
 ) ) ) Dividends paid to shareholders 
 ) ) ) Repurchase of common shares 
 ) ) ) Exercise of stock options 
 Borrowings of consolidated investment entities Repayments of debt by consolidated investment entities ) ) ) Other, net 
 ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents, including amounts restricted 
 ) Cash and cash equivalents, including amounts restricted at beginning of period 
 Cash and cash equivalents, including amounts restricted at end of period 
 Supplemental Disclosures: 
 Interest paid excluding consolidated investment entities 
 Interest paid by consolidated investment entities 
 Income taxes paid, net 
 Leased assets obtained in exchange for finance lease liabilities 
 Leased assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 
 Non-cash investing activities: 
 Investments transferred in connection with fixed annuity reinsurance transaction Exchange of an investment that resulted in a realized gain and an increase to amortized cost December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions) Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents, including amounts restricted: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Cash of consolidated investment entities 
 Restricted and segregated cash, cash equivalents and investments 
 Less: Restricted and segregated investments 
 ) ) Total cash and cash equivalents, including amounts restricted per consolidated statements of cash flows 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 70 

Ameriprise Financial, Inc. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. 
 
 During 2022, the Company identified an error related to the shadow unearned revenue liability balance associated with universal life insurance products. The Company evaluated the error and determined that the impact was not material to the Company s results for any prior period, but that correcting the cumulative impact of the error in the current period would be material to total comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2022. Accordingly, and for comparability, the Company revised the prior period Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures impacted. A summary of the revision to the Company s previously reported Consolidated Financial Statements is presented in Note 28. 
 
 The Company evaluated events or transactions that may have occurred after the balance sheet date for potential recognition or disclosure through the date the financial statements were issued. Other than disclosed in Note 19 and Note 22, no other subsequent events or transactions requiring recognition or disclosure were identified. 
 
 2. 
 
 71 

days past due or earlier based on management s evaluation of the facts and circumstances of each security under review. All previously accrued interest is reversed through Net investment income. 
 72 

73 

days past due or is otherwise considered doubtful of collection. Advisor loans are placed on nonaccrual status upon the advisor s termination. When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, unpaid accrued interest is reversed. Interest payments received on loans on nonaccrual status are generally applied to principal unless the remaining principal balance has been determined to be fully collectible. Management has elected to exclude accrued interest in its measurement of the allowance for credit losses for commercial mortgage loans, syndicated loans, and consumer loans. 
 Restructured Loans 
 A loan is classified as a restructured loan when the Company makes certain concessionary modifications to contractual terms for borrowers experiencing financial difficulties. When the interest rate, minimum payments, and/or due dates have been modified in an attempt to make the loan more affordable to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties, the modification is considered a troubled debt restructuring TDR ). Modifications to loan terms do not automatically result in TDRs. Generally, performance prior to the restructuring or significant events that coincide with the restructuring are considered in assessing whether the borrower can meet the new terms which may result in the loan being returned to accrual status at the time of the restructuring or after a performance period. If the borrower s ability to meet the revised payment schedule is not reasonably assured, the loan remains on nonaccrual status. 
 Charge-off and Foreclosure 
 Commercial Loans 
 Charge-offs are recorded when the Company concludes that all or a portion of the commercial mortgage loan or syndicated loan is uncollectible. Factors used by the Company to determine whether all amounts due on commercial mortgage loans will be collected, include but are not limited to, the financial condition of the borrower, performance of the underlying properties, collateral and/or guarantees on the loan, and the borrower s estimated future ability to pay based on property type and geographic location. Factors used by the Company to determine whether all amounts due on syndicated loans will be collected, include but are not limited to the borrower s financial condition, industry outlook, and internal risk ratings based on rating agency data and internal analyst expectations. 
 If it is determined that foreclosure on a commercial mortgage loan is probable and the fair value is less than the current loan balance, expected credit losses are measured as the difference between the amortized cost basis of the asset and fair value less estimated costs to sell, if applicable. Upon foreclosure, the commercial mortgage loan and related allowance are reversed, and the foreclosed property is recorded as real estate owned within Other assets. 
 Concerns regarding the recoverability of loans to advisors primarily arise in the event that the financial advisor is no longer affiliated with the Company. When the review of these factors indicates that further collection activity is highly unlikely, the outstanding balance of the loan is written-off and the related allowance is reduced. 
 74 

days past due. 

years. 
 million and million, respectively, net of accumulated depreciation of billion and billion, respectively. Depreciation and amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 to years. The exercise of any lease renewal option is at the sole discretion of the Company. Renewal options are included in the ROU assets and lease liabilities when they either provide an economic incentive to renew or when the costs related to the termination of a lease outweigh the benefits of signing a new lease. 
 
 75 

76 

77 

78 

79 

3. 
 80 

billion to billion, of which a significant portion will be reflected in AOCI. However, as of December 31, 2022, the impact on total equity is estimated to be an increase of million to million as a result of changes in the equity, credit, and rate environment subsequent to the transition date. 
 The Company utilizes a governance framework to guide our adoption process and is managing a detailed implementation plan to support the timely application of the standard in the first quarter of 2023. The Company continues to refine its internal controls environment. These activities include, but are not limited to, execution of controls surrounding actuarial valuations, and accounting and financial reporting controls. The estimated adoption impact at transition date and the impact to periods subsequent to transition date is subject to change as the Company completes its adoption process by the first quarter of 2023 reporting. 
 81 

4. 
 Institutional 
 Advisory fees 
 Financial planning fees 
 Transaction and other fees 
 Total management and financial advice fees Distribution fees: Mutual funds Insurance and annuity 
 Off-balance sheet brokerage cash Other products 
 Total distribution fees Other revenues Total revenue from contracts with customers Revenue from other sources (1) 
 Total segment gross revenues 
 Banking and deposit interest expense ) ) ) ) Total segment net revenues 
 Elimination of intersegment revenues ) ) ) ) ) ) Total net revenues 
 82 

Institutional 
 Advisory fees 
 Financial planning fees 
 Transaction and other fees 
 Total management and financial advice fees Distribution fees: Mutual funds Insurance and annuity 
 Off-balance sheet brokerage cash (2) 
 Other products 
 Total distribution fees Other revenues Total revenue from contracts with customers Revenue from other sources (1) 
 ) Total segment gross revenues 
 ) Banking and deposit interest expense ) ) ) ) Total segment net revenues 
 ) Elimination of intersegment revenues ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Total net revenues ) 
 83 

Institutional 
 Advisory fees 
 Financial planning fees 
 Transaction and other fees 
 Total management and financial advice fees Distribution fees: Mutual funds Insurance and annuity 
 Off-balance sheet brokerage cash (2) 
 Other products Total distribution fees Other revenues Total revenue from contracts with customers Revenue from other sources (1) 
 Total segment gross revenues 
 Banking and deposit interest expense ) ) ) ) Total segment net revenues 
 Elimination of intersegment revenues ) ) ) ) ) ) Total net revenues 
 (1) Revenues not included in the scope of the revenue from contracts with customers standard. The amounts primarily consist of revenue associated with insurance and annuity products or financial instruments. 
 (2) Prior to the fourth quarter of 2022, Off-balance sheet brokerage cash was included in Other products. Prior periods presented have been updated to be comparative. 
 The following discussion describes the nature, timing, and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows arising from the Company s contracts with customers on a consolidated basis. 
 Management and Financial Advice Fees 
 Asset Management Fees 
 The Company earns revenue for performing asset management services for retail and institutional clients. The revenue is earned based on a fixed or tiered rate applied, as a percentage, to assets under management. Assets under management vary with market fluctuations and client behavior. The asset management performance obligation is considered a series of distinct services that are substantially the same and are satisfied each day over the contract term. Asset management fees are accrued, invoiced and collected on a monthly or quarterly basis. 
 The Company s asset management contracts for Open Ended Investment Companies OEICs in the United Kingdom U.K. and Soci t d'Investissement Capital Variable SICAVs in Europe include performance obligations for asset management and fund distribution services. The amounts received for these services are reported as Management and financial advice fees. The revenue recognition pattern is the same for both performance obligations as the fund distribution services revenue is variably constrained due to factors outside the Company s control including market volatility and client behavior (such as how long clients hold their investment) and not recognized until assets under management are known. 
 The Company may also earn performance-based management fees on institutional accounts, hedge funds, collateralized loan obligations CLOs ), OEICs, SICAVs and property and other funds based on a percentage of account returns in excess of either a benchmark index or a contractually specified level. This revenue is variable and impacted primarily by the performance of the assets being managed compared to the benchmark index or contractually specified level. The revenue is not recognized until it is probable that a significant reversal will not occur. Performance-based management fees are invoiced on a quarterly or annual basis. 
 84 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company pays sales commissions to advisors when a new financial planning contract is obtained or when an existing contract is renewed. The sales commissions paid to the advisors prior to financial plan delivery are considered costs to obtain a contract with a customer and are initially capitalized. When the performance obligation to deliver the financial plan is satisfied, the commission is recognized as distribution expense. Capitalized costs to obtain these contracts are reported in Other assets, and were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Transaction and Other Fees 
 The Company earns revenue for providing customer support, shareholder and administrative services (including transfer agent services) for affiliated mutual funds and networking, sub-accounting and administrative services for unaffiliated mutual funds. The Company also receives revenue for providing custodial services and account maintenance services on brokerage and retirement accounts that are not included in an advisory relationship. Transfer agent and administrative revenue is earned based on either a fixed rate applied, as a percentage, to assets under management or an annual fixed fee for each fund position. Networking and sub-accounting revenue is earned based on either an annual fixed fee for each account or an annual fixed fee for each fund position. Custodial and account maintenance revenue is generally earned based on a quarterly or annual fixed fee for each account. Each of the customer support and administrative services performance obligations are considered a series of distinct services that are substantially the same and are satisfied each day over the contract term. Transaction and other fees (other than custodial service fees) are invoiced or charged to brokerage accounts on a monthly or quarterly basis. Custodial service fees are invoiced or charged to brokerage accounts on an annual basis. 
 The Company earns revenue for providing trade execution services to franchise advisors. The trade execution performance obligation is satisfied at the time of each trade and the revenue is primarily earned based on a fixed fee per trade. These fees are invoiced and collected on a semi-monthly basis. 
 Distribution Fees 
 Mutual Funds and Insurance and Annuity Products 
 The Company earns revenue for selling affiliated and unaffiliated mutual funds, fixed and variable annuities and insurance products. The performance obligation is satisfied at the time of each individual sale. A portion of the revenue is based on a fixed rate applied, as a percentage, to amounts invested at the time of sale. The remaining revenue is recognized over the time the client owns the investment or holds the contract and is generally earned based on a fixed rate applied, as a percentage, to the net asset value of the fund, or the value of the insurance policy or annuity contract. The ongoing revenue is not recognized at the time of sale because it is variably constrained due to factors outside the Company s control including market volatility and client behavior (such as how long clients hold their investment, insurance policy or annuity contract). This ongoing revenue may be recognized for many years after the initial sale. The revenue will not be recognized until it is probable that a significant reversal will not occur. 
 The Company earns revenue for providing unaffiliated partners an opportunity to educate the Company s advisors or to support availability and distribution of their products on the Company s platforms. These payments allow the outside parties to train and 
 85 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the transition of investment advisory services under an arrangement with BMO Financial Group for clients that elected to transfer U.S. retail and institutional assets to the Company. 
 Receivables 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 5. 
 obligation to provide financial or other support to the non-consolidated VIEs beyond its initial investment and existing future funding commitments, and the Company has not provided any other support to these entities. The Company has unfunded commitments related to consolidated CLOs of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 25 for information on future funding commitments of other VIEs. 
 See Note 2 for further discussion of the Company s accounting policy on consolidation. 
 86 

million as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company classifies these investments as Available-for-Sale securities. See Note 6 for additional information on these investments. 
 Property Funds 
 The Company provides investment advice and related services to property funds, some of which are considered VIEs. For investment management services, the Company generally earns management fees based on the market value of assets under management, and in certain instances may also receive performance-based fees. The fee arrangement is at market and commensurate with the level of effort required to provide those services. The Company does not have a significant economic interest and is not required to consolidate any of the property funds. The Company s maximum exposure to loss with respect to its investment in these entities is limited to its carrying value. The carrying value of the Company s investment in property funds is reflected in other investments and was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Hedge Funds and other Private Funds 
 The Company does not consolidate hedge funds and other private funds which are sponsored by the Company and considered VIEs. For investment management services, the Company earns management fees based on the market value of assets under management, and in certain instances may also receive performance-based fees. The fee arrangement is at market and commensurate with the level of effort required to provide those services and the Company does not have a significant economic interest in any fund. The Company's maximum exposure to loss with respect to its investment in these entities is limited to its carrying value. The carrying value of the Company s investment in these entities is reflected in other investments and was as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Non-U.S. Series Funds 
 The Company manages non-U.S. series funds, which are considered VIEs. For investment management services, the Company earns management fees based on the market value of assets under management, and in certain instances may also receive performance-based fees. The fee arrangement is at market and commensurate with the level of effort required to provide those services. The Company does not consolidate these funds and its maximum exposure to loss is limited to its carrying value. The carrying value of the Company s investment in these funds is reflected in other investments and was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Affordable Housing Partnerships and Other Real Estate Partnerships 
 The Company is a limited partner in affordable housing partnerships that qualify for government-sponsored low income housing tax credit programs and partnerships that invest in multi-family residential properties that were originally developed with an affordable housing component. The Company has determined it is not the primary beneficiary and therefore does not consolidate these partnerships. 
 A majority of the limited partnerships are VIEs. The Company s maximum exposure to loss as a result of its investment in the VIEs is limited to the carrying value. The carrying value is reflected in other investments and was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company had a liability of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to original purchase commitments not yet remitted to the VIEs. The Company has not provided any additional support and is not contractually obligated to provide additional support to the VIEs beyond the funding commitments. 
 Structured Investments 
 The Company invests in structured investments which are considered VIEs for which it is not the sponsor. These structured investments typically invest in fixed income instruments and are managed by third parties and include asset backed securities, and commercial and residential mortgage backed securities. The Company classifies these investments as Available-for-Sale securities. The Company has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of these structures due to the size of the Company s investment in the entities and position in the capital structure of these entities. The Company's maximum exposure to loss as a result of its investment in these structured investments is limited to its amortized cost. See Note 6 for additional information on these structured investments. 
 87 

Common stocks Syndicated loans Total investments Receivables Other assets Total assets at fair value Liabilities Debt (1) 
 Other liabilities Total liabilities at fair value 
 December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total (in millions) Assets Investments: Common stocks Syndicated loans Total investments Receivables Other assets Total assets at fair value Liabilities Debt (1) 
 Other liabilities Total liabilities at fair value 
 (1) The carrying value of the CLOs debt is set equal to the fair value of the CLOs assets. The estimated fair value of the CLOs debt was billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 88 

Total gains (losses) included in: 
 Net income ) (1) Purchases 
 Sales 
 ) Settlements 
 ) Transfers into Level 3 
 Transfers out of Level 3 
 ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in net income relating to assets held at December 31, 2022 
 ) (1) 
 Syndicated Loans Other Assets (in millions) Balance at January 1, 2021 
 Total gains (losses) included in: 
 Net income (1) (1) Purchases 
 Sales 
 ) Settlements 
 ) Transfers into Level 3 
 Transfers out of Level 3 
 ) ) Deconsolidation of consolidated investment entities 
 ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in net income relating to assets held at December 31, 2021 
 (1) 
 Syndicated Loans Other Assets (in millions) Balance at January 1, 2020 
 Total gains (losses) included in: 
 Net income ) (1) Purchases 
 Sales 
 ) Settlements 
 ) Transfers into Level 3 
 Transfers out of Level 3 
 ) Balance at December 31, 2020 
 Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in net income relating to assets held at December 31, 2020 
 ) (1) 
 (1) Included in Net investment income. 
 Securities and loans transferred from Level 3 primarily represent assets with fair values that are now obtained from a third-party pricing service with observable inputs or priced in active markets. Securities and loans transferred to Level 3 represent assets with fair values that are now based on a single non-binding broker quote. 
 All Level 3 measurements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were obtained from non-binding broker quotes where unobservable inputs utilized in the fair value calculation are not reasonably available to the Company. 
 89 

Excess unpaid principal over fair value ) ) Fair value Fair value of loans more than 90 days past due Fair value of loans in nonaccrual status Difference between fair value and unpaid principal of loans more than 90 days past due, loans in nonaccrual status or both Debt Unpaid principal balance Excess unpaid principal over fair value ) ) Carrying value (1) 
 
 (1) The carrying value of the CLOs debt is set equal to the fair value of the CLOs assets. The estimated fair value of the CLOs debt was billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 During the third quarter of 2022, the Company launched new CLO and issued debt of million. 
 Interest income from syndicated loans, bonds and structured investments is recorded based on contractual rates in Net investment income. Gains and losses related to the changes in fair value of investments and gains and losses on sales of investments are also recorded in Net investment income. Interest expense on debt is recorded in Interest and debt expense with gains and losses related to the changes in fair value of debt recorded in Net investment income. 
 Total net gains (losses) recognized in Net investment income related to the changes in fair value of investments the Company owns in the consolidated CLOs where it has elected the fair value option and collateralized financing entity accounting were immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 90 

to . The interest rates on the debt of CLOs are weighted average rates based on the outstanding principal and contractual interest rates. 
 
 6. 
 Mortgage loans (allowance for credit losses: 2022, ; 2021, 
 Policy loans Other investments (allowance for credit losses: 2022, ; 2021, 
 Total 
 Other investments primarily reflect the Company s interests in affordable housing partnerships, trading securities, equity securities, seed money investments in proprietary funds, syndicated loans, credit card receivables and certificates of deposit with original or remaining maturities at the time of purchase of more than 90 days. 
 Net realized gains (losses) ) ) Affordable housing partnerships ) ) ) Other Consolidated investment entities Total 
 ) ) Residential mortgage backed securities ) Commercial mortgage backed securities ) Asset backed securities ) State and municipal obligations ) ) U.S. government and agency obligations ) Foreign government bonds and obligations ) Other securities Total ) ) 
 91 

) Residential mortgage backed securities ) Commercial mortgage backed securities ) Asset backed securities ) State and municipal obligations ) ) U.S. government and agency obligations Foreign government bonds and obligations ) Other securities Total ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued interest of million and million, respectively, is excluded from the amortized cost basis of Available-for-Sale securities in the tables above and is recorded in Receivables . 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, investment securities with a fair value of billion and billion, respectively, were pledged to meet contractual obligations under derivative contracts and short-term borrowings, of which million and million, respectively, may be sold, pledged or rehypothecated by the counterparty. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, fixed maturity securities comprised approximately and , respectively, of Ameriprise Financial investments. Rating agency designations are based on the availability of ratings from Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations NRSROs ), including Moody s Investors Service Moody s ), Standard Poor s Ratings Services S P and Fitch Ratings Ltd. Fitch ). The Company uses the median of available ratings from Moody s, S P and Fitch, or if fewer than three ratings are available, the lower rating is used. When ratings from Moody s, S P and Fitch are unavailable, the Company may utilize ratings from other NRSROs or rate the securities internally. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s internal analysts rated million and million, respectively, of securities using criteria similar to those used by NRSROs. 
 AA A BBB Below investment grade (1) 
 Total fixed maturities 
 (1) The amortized cost of below investment grade securities includes interest in non-consolidated CLOs managed by the Company of million as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021 The fair value of below investment grade securities includes interest in non-consolidated CLOs managed by the Company of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These securities are not rated but are included in below investment grade due to their risk characteristics. 
 As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately of securities rated AAA were GNMA, FNMA and FHLMC mortgage backed securities. holdings of any issuer were greater than 10 of the Company s total equity as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 92 

) ) ) Residential mortgage backed securities ) ) ) Commercial mortgage backed securities ) ) ) Asset backed securities ) ) ) State and municipal obligations ) ) ) U.S. government and agency obligations 
 ) ) Foreign government bonds and obligations ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 December 31, 2021 Less than 12 months 12 months or more Total Description of Securities Number of Securities Fair Value Unrealized Losses Number of Securities Fair Value Unrealized Losses Number of Securities Fair Value Unrealized Losses (in millions, except number of securities) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) Residential mortgage backed securities 
 ) ) ) Commercial mortgage backed securities 
 ) ) ) Asset backed securities ) ) State and municipal obligations ) ) Foreign government bonds and obligations 
 ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 As part of the Company s ongoing monitoring process, management determined that the change in gross unrealized losses on its Available-for-Sale securities for which an allowance for credit losses has not been recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily attributable to the impact of higher interest rates and wider credit spreads driven by continued market volatility, with no specific credit concerns. The Company did not recognize these unrealized losses in earnings because it was determined that such losses were due to non-credit factors. The Company does not intend to sell these securities and does not believe that it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell these securities before the anticipated recovery of the remaining amortized cost basis. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately and , respectively, of the total of Available-for-Sale securities with gross unrealized losses were considered investment grade. 
 93 

Additions for which credit losses were not previously recorded Additional increases (decreases) on securities that had an allowance recorded in a previous period ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 
 Additions for which credit losses were not previously recorded Charge-offs ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Additions for which credit losses were not previously recorded Additional increases (decreases) on securities that had an allowance recorded in a previous period Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 Gross realized investment losses ) ) ) Credit losses ) ) ) Other impairments ) ) Total ) 
 Credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily related to recording an allowance for credit losses on a corporate debt security in the communications industry. Credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily related to recording an allowance for credit losses on certain state and municipal securities. Credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2020 primarily related to recording an allowance for credit losses on certain corporate debt securities, primarily in the oil and gas industry. Other impairments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 related to Available-for-Sale securities which the Company intended to sell. 
 See Note 20 for a rollforward of net unrealized investment gains (losses) included in AOCI. 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through 10 years Due after 10 years Residential mortgage backed securities Commercial mortgage backed securities Asset backed securities Total 
 
 94 

7. 
 Cumulative effect of adoption of current expected credit losses guidance Balance at January 1, 2020 
 Provisions Charge-offs ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 
 Provisions ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Other Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Provisions Charge-offs ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 (1) Prior to January 1, 2020, the allowance for credit losses was based on an incurred loss model that did not require estimating expected credit losses over the expected life of the asset. 
 The decrease in the allowance for credit losses provision for commercial loans in 2021 reflected the sale of certain commercial mortgage loans and syndicated loans in conjunction with the fixed deferred and immediate annuity reinsurance transaction in 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued interest on commercial loans was million and million, respectively, and is recorded in Receivables and excluded from the amortized cost basis of commercial loans. 
 Purchases and Sales 
 There were commercial mortgage loans sold for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold million of commercial mortgage loans. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company purchased million, million and million, respectively, of syndicated loans, and sold million, million and million, respectively, of syndicated loans. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company purchased million, million and million, respectively, of residential mortgage loans, and sold , million and , respectively, of residential mortgage loans. The allowance for credit losses for residential mortgage loans was not material as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The Company has acquired any loans with deteriorated credit quality as of the acquisition date. 
 Credit Quality Information 
 Nonperforming loans were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. All other loans were considered to be performing. 
 Commercial Loans 
 Commercial Mortgage Loans 
 The Company reviews the credit worthiness of the borrower and the performance of the underlying properties in order to determine the risk of loss on commercial mortgage loans. Loan-to-value ratio is the primary credit quality indicator included in this review. 
 Based on this review, the commercial mortgage loans are assigned an internal risk rating, which management updates when credit risk changes. Commercial mortgage loans which management has assigned its highest risk rating were less than of total commercial mortgage loans as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. Loans with the highest risk rating represent distressed loans which the Company has identified as impaired or expects to become delinquent or enter into foreclosure within the next six months. There were commercial mortgage loans past due as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 95 

80 - 100 60 - 80 40 - 60 100 80 - 100 60 - 80 40 - 60 Loan-to-value ratio is based on income and expense data provided by borrowers at least annually and long-term capitalization rate assumptions based on property type. 
 In addition, the Company reviews the concentrations of credit risk by region and property type. 
 East South Central Middle Atlantic Mountain New England Pacific South Atlantic West North Central West South Central Less: allowance for credit losses Total 
 96 

Hotel Industrial Mixed use Office Retail Other Less: allowance for credit losses Total 
 Syndicated Loans 
 The recorded investment in syndicated loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. The Company s syndicated loan portfolio is diversified across industries and issuers. There were syndicated loans past due as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company assigns an internal risk rating to each syndicated loan in its portfolio ranging from 1 through 5, with 5 reflecting the lowest quality. 
 Risk 4 Risk 3 Risk 2 Risk 1 Total 
 December 31, 2021 Internal Risk Rating 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Prior Total (in millions) Risk 5 Risk 4 Risk 3 Risk 2 Risk 1 Total 
 Financial Advisor Loans 
 The Company offers loans to financial advisors for transitional cost assistance and practice operations. Repayment of the loan is highly dependent on the retention of the financial advisor. In the event a financial advisor is no longer affiliated with the Company, any unpaid balances become immediately due. Accordingly, the primary risk factor for advisor loans is termination status. The allowance for credit losses related to loans to advisors that have terminated their relationship with the Company was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Terminated Total 
 97 

Terminated Total 
 Consumer Loans 
 Credit Card Receivables 
 The credit cards are co-branded with Ameriprise Financial, Inc. and issued to the Company s customers by a third party. FICO scores and delinquency rates are the primary credit quality indicators for the credit card portfolio. Delinquency rates are measured based on the number of days past due. Credit card receivables over 30 days past due were of total credit card receivables as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 750 - 799 700 - 749 650 - 699 Policy Loans 
 Policy loans do not exceed the cash surrender value at origination. As there is minimal risk of loss related to policy loans, there is allowance for credit losses. 
 Margin Loans 
 The margin loans balance was billion as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company monitors collateral supporting margin loans and requests additional collateral when necessary in order to mitigate the risk of loss. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was allowance for credit losses on margin loans. 
 Pledged Asset Lines of Credit 
 The pledged asset lines of credit balance was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company monitors collateral supporting pledged asset lines of credit and requests additional collateral when necessary in order to mitigate the risk of loss. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was allowance for credit losses on pledged asset lines of credit. 
 Deposit Receivables 
 Deposit receivables were billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Deposit receivables are collateralized by the fair value of the assets held in trusts. Based on management s evaluation of the collateral value relative to the deposit receivables, the allowance for credit losses for deposit receivables was not material as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 There were loans accounted for as a troubled debt restructuring by the Company during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. There are commitments to lend additional funds to borrowers whose loans have been restructured. 
 
 8. 
 of its insurance risk associated with its life contingent immediate annuity policies in force as of June 30, 2021 through a reinsurance agreement with Commonwealth. Policies issued on or after July 1, 2021 and policies issued by RiverSource Life of NY are not subject to this reinsurance agreement. 
 Reinsurance contracts do not relieve the Company from its primary obligation to policyholders. 
 98 

of the death benefit liability for new term life insurance policies beginning in 2001 and new individual UL and VUL insurance policies beginning in 2002. Policies issued prior to these dates are not subject to these same reinsurance levels. 
 However, for IUL policies issued after September 1, 2013 and VUL policies issued after January 1, 2014, the Company generally reinsures of the death benefit liability. Similarly, the Company reinsures of the death benefit and morbidity liabilities related to its UL product with LTC benefits. 
 The maximum amount of life insurance risk the Company will retain is million on a single life and million on any flexible premium survivorship life policy; however, reinsurance agreements are in place such that retaining more than million of insurance risk on a single life or a flexible premium survivorship life policy is very unusual. Risk on UL and VUL policies is reinsured on a yearly renewable term basis. Risk on most term life policies starting in 2001 is reinsured on a coinsurance basis, a type of reinsurance in which the reinsurer participates proportionally in all material risks and premiums associated with a policy. 
 For existing LTC policies, the Company has continued ceding of the risk on a coinsurance basis to subsidiaries of Genworth Financial, Inc. Genworth and retains the remaining risk. For RiverSource Life Insurance Co. of New York RiverSource Life of NY ), this reinsurance arrangement applies for 1996 and later issues only. Under these agreements, the Company has the right, but never the obligation, to recapture some, or all, of the risk ceded to Genworth. 
 Generally, the Company retains at most per month of risk per life on DI policies sold on policy forms introduced in most states starting in 2007 and reinsures the remainder of the risk on a coinsurance basis with unaffiliated reinsurance companies. The Company retains all risk for new claims on DI contracts sold on other policy forms introduced prior to 2007. The Company also retains all risk on accidental death benefit claims and substantially all risk associated with waiver of premium provisions. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, traditional life and UL insurance policies in force were billion and billion, respectively, of which billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were reinsured at the respective year ends. 
 Reinsurance ceded ) ) ) Net premiums ) 
 Cost of insurance and administrative charges for non-traditional long-duration products are reflected in Premiums, policy and contract charges and were net of reinsurance ceded of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The amount of claims recovered through reinsurance on all contracts was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Receivables included billion and billion of reinsurance recoverables as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, including billion and billion related to LTC risk ceded to Genworth, respectively. 
 Policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims include million and million related to previously assumed reinsurance arrangements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 9. 
 , and million of impairments of indefinite-lived intangible assets recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 99 

Acquisitions Foreign currency translation ) ) Other adjustments ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Foreign currency translation ) ) Other adjustments ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 On November 8, 2021, the Company completed its acquisition of the European-based asset management business of BMO Financial Group for million, excluding an estimated million reduction due to customary deferred and contingent adjustments. The all-cash transaction added billion of assets under management in EMEA. Goodwill of million arising from acquisition consists largely of the synergies and economies of scale expected from combining the Company s EMEA operations. All goodwill was assigned to the Asset Management segment. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company finalized its purchase accounting and measurement period adjustments, reported within Other adjustments above. 
 In addition to our annual impairment evaluation for goodwill as of July 1, we evaluated goodwill for impairment in the fourth quarter 2022 due to the current macroeconomic conditions and concluded our goodwill was not impaired. 
 Trade names Total 
 ) ) Contracts ) ) Other ) ) Total ) ) 
 The aggregate amortization expense for definite-lived intangible assets during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company did not record any impairment charges on definite-lived intangible assets. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 
 10. 
 million increase from lower 
 100 

million decrease from updating mortality assumptions for variable annuities and a million decrease from updating the discount rate for variable annuities. The impact of unlocking to DAC for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily reflected a favorable impact from lower surrenders on variable annuities with living benefits and UL and VUL insurance products. The impact of unlocking to DAC for the year ended December 31, 2020 primarily reflected updates to interest rate assumptions, partially offset by a favorable impact from lower surrenders on annuity contracts with a withdrawal benefit. 
 Capitalization of acquisition costs Amortization ) ) ) Amortization, impact of valuation assumptions review ) Impact of change in net unrealized (gains) losses on securities ) Balance at December 31 
 Capitalization of sales inducement costs Amortization ) ) ) Amortization, impact of valuation assumptions review ) Impact of change in net unrealized (gains) losses on securities ) Balance at December 31 
 
 11. 
 Variable annuity fixed sub-accounts UL/VUL insurance IUL insurance Structured variable annuities Other life insurance Total policyholder account balances Future policy benefits Variable annuity GMWB 
 Variable annuity GMAB (2) 
 
 ) Other annuity liabilities (3) 
 Fixed annuity life contingent liabilities Life and DI insurance LTC insurance UL/VUL and other life insurance additional liabilities Total future policy benefits Policy claims and other policyholders funds Total policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims 
 (1) Includes fixed deferred annuities, non-life contingent fixed payout annuities and fixed deferred indexed annuity host contracts. 
 101 

Fixed Annuities 
 Fixed annuities include deferred, payout and fixed deferred indexed annuity contracts. In 2020, the Company discontinued sales of fixed deferred and fixed deferred indexed annuities. 
 Deferred contracts offer a guaranteed minimum rate of interest and security of the principal invested. Payout contracts guarantee a fixed income payment for life or the term of the contract. Liabilities for fixed annuities in a benefit or payout status are based on future estimated payments using established industry mortality tables and interest rates, ranging from to as of December 31, 2022, depending on year of issue, with an average rate of approximately . The Company generally invests the proceeds from the annuity contracts in fixed rate securities. 
 The Company s equity indexed annuity EIA product is a single premium fixed deferred annuity. The Company discontinued new sales of EIAs in 2007. This annuity has a minimum interest rate guarantee of on of the initial premium, adjusted for any surrenders. The Company generally invests the proceeds from the annuity contracts in fixed rate securities and hedges the equity risk with derivative instruments. 
 The Company s fixed index annuity product is a fixed annuity that includes an indexed account. The rate of interest credited above the minimum guarantee for funds allocated to the indexed account is linked to the performance of the specific index for the indexed account (subject to a cap). The contractholder could allocate all or a portion of the policy value to a fixed or indexed account. The portion of the policy allocated to the indexed account is accounted for as an embedded derivative. The Company hedges the interest credited rate including equity and interest rate risk related to the indexed account with derivative instruments. The contractholder could choose to add a GMWB for life rider for an additional fee. 
 See Note 17 for additional information regarding the Company s derivative instruments used to hedge the risk related to indexed annuities. 
 Variable Annuities 
 Purchasers of variable annuities can select from a variety of investment options and can elect to allocate a portion to a fixed account. A vast majority of the premiums received for variable annuity contracts are held in separate accounts where the assets are held for the exclusive benefit of those contractholders. 
 See Note 2 and Note 12 for information regarding the Company s variable annuity guarantees. See Note 15 and Note 17 for additional information regarding the Company s derivative instruments used to hedge risks related to GMWB, GMAB and GMDB provisions. The Company does not currently hedge its risk under the GGU and GMIB provisions. 
 Structured Variable Annuities 
 The Company offers structured variable annuities which give contractholders the option to allocate a portion of their account value to an indexed account with the contractholder s rate of return, which may be positive or negative, tied to selected indices. The portion of the policy allocated to the indexed account is accounted for as an embedded derivative. 
 Insurance Liabilities 
 UL/VUL is the largest group of insurance policies written by the Company. Purchasers of UL accumulate cash value that increases by a fixed interest rate. Purchasers of VUL can select from a variety of investment options and can elect to allocate a portion to a fixed account or a separate account. A vast majority of the premiums received for VUL policies are held in separate accounts where the assets are held for the exclusive benefit of those policyholders. 
 IUL is a UL policy that includes an indexed account. The rate of credited interest above the minimum guarantee for funds allocated to the indexed account is linked to the performance of the specific index for the indexed account (subject to stated account parameters, which include a cap and floor, or a spread ). The policyholder may allocate all or a portion of the policy value to a fixed or any available indexed account. The portion of the policy allocated to the indexed account is accounted for as an embedded derivative at fair value. The Company hedges the interest credited rate including equity and interest rate risk related to the indexed account with derivative instruments. See Note 17 for additional information regarding the Company s derivative instruments used to hedge the risk related to IUL. 
 The Company also offers term life insurance as well as DI products. The Company no longer offers standalone LTC products and whole life insurance but has in force policies from prior years. 
 Insurance liabilities include accumulation values, incurred but not reported claims, obligations for anticipated future claims, unpaid reported claims and claim adjustment expenses. 
 The liability for estimates of benefits that will become payable on future claims on term life, whole life and DI policies is based on the net level premium and LTC policies is based on a gross premium valuation reflecting management s current best estimate assumptions. Both include the anticipated interest rates earned on assets supporting the liability. Anticipated interest rates for term and 
 102 

to as of December 31, 2022. Anticipated interest rates for DI policies ranged from to as of December 31, 2022 and for LTC policies ranged from to as of December 31, 2022. 
 The liability for unpaid reported claims on DI and LTC policies includes an estimate of the present value of obligations for continuing benefit payments. The discount rates used to calculate present values are based on average interest rates earned on assets supporting the liability for unpaid amounts and were and for DI and LTC claims, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. 
 Portions of the Company s UL and VUL policies have product features that result in profits followed by losses from the insurance component of the policy. These profits followed by losses can be generated by the cost structure of the product or secondary guarantees in the policy. The secondary guarantee ensures that, subject to specified conditions, the policy will not terminate and will continue to provide a death benefit even if there is insufficient policy value to cover the monthly deductions and charges. 
 Separate Account Liabilities 
 VUL insurance Other insurance Threadneedle investment liabilities Total 
 Threadneedle Investment Liabilities 
 Threadneedle provides a range of unitized pooled pension funds, which invest in property, stocks, bonds and cash. The investments are selected by the clients and are based on the level of risk they are willing to assume. All investment performance, net of fees, is passed through to the investors. The value of the liabilities represents the fair value of the pooled pension funds. 
 
 12. 
 or younger at contract issue could obtain a principal-back guarantee by purchasing the optional GMAB rider for an additional charge. The GMAB rider guarantees that, regardless of market performance at the end of the -year waiting period, the contract value will be no less than the original investment or a specified percentage of the highest anniversary value, adjusted for withdrawals. If the contract value is less than the guarantee at the end of the -year period, a lump sum will be added to the contract value to make the contract value equal to the guarantee value. 
 103 

Five/six-year reset One-year ratchet Five-year ratchet Other Total GMDB GGU death benefit GMIB GMWB: GMWB GMWB for life Total GMWB GMAB 
 (1) Individual variable annuity contracts may have more than one guarantee and therefore may be included in more than one benefit type. Variable annuity contracts for which the death benefit equals the account value are not shown in this table. 
 The net amount at risk for GMDB, GGU and GMAB is defined as the current guaranteed benefit amount in excess of the current contract value. The net amount at risk for GMIB is defined as the greater of the present value of the minimum guaranteed annuity payments less the current contract value or zero. The net amount at risk for GMWB is defined as the greater of the present value of the minimum guaranteed withdrawal payments less the current contract value or zero. 
 Structured variable annuity GMDB 
 The net amount at risk for UL secondary guarantees and structured variable annuity GMDB is defined as the current guaranteed death benefit amount in excess of the current policyholder account balance. 
 104 

) Incurred claims Paid claims ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 
 Incurred claims ) ) Paid claims ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 ) Incurred claims ) Paid claims ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 (1) The incurred claims for GMWB and GMAB include the change in the fair value of the liabilities (contra liabilities) less paid claims. 
 The liabilities for guaranteed benefits are supported by general account assets. 
 Bond Other Total mutual funds 
 No gains or losses were recognized on assets transferred to separate accounts for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 13. 
 Stock market certificates Stock market embedded derivatives Other Less: accrued interest classified in Other liabilities ) ) Total investment certificate reserves Banking and brokerage deposits Total 
 Investment Certificates 
 The Company offers fixed rate investment certificates primarily in amounts ranging from thousand to million with interest crediting rate terms ranging from to months. Investment certificates may be purchased either with a lump sum payment or installment payments. Certificate owners are entitled to receive a fixed sum at either maturity or upon demand depending on the type of certificate. Payments from certificate owners are credited to investment certificate reserves, which generally accumulate interest at specified percentage rates. Certain investment certificates allow for a surrender charge on premature surrenders. Reserves for certificates that do not allow for a surrender charge were billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company generally invests the proceeds from investment certificates in fixed and variable rate securities. The interest paid to certificate owners is included in Banking and deposit interest expense. 
 Certain investment certificate products have returns tied to the performance of equity markets. The Company guarantees the principal for purchasers who hold the certificate for the full term and purchasers may participate in increases in the stock market based on the S P 500 Index, up to a maximum return. Purchasers can choose participation in the market index up to the cap or 
 105 

to , depending on the term length. The equity component of these certificates is considered an embedded derivative and is accounted for separately. See Note 17 for additional information about derivative instruments used to economically hedge the equity price risk related to the Company s stock market certificates. 
 Banking and Brokerage Deposits 
 Banking and brokerage deposits are amounts due on demand to customers related to free credit balances, funds deposited by customers and funds accruing to customers as a result of trades or contracts. The Company pays interest on certain customer credit balances and the interest is included in Banking and deposit interest expense. 
 
 14. 
 Senior notes due 2023 Senior notes due 2024 Senior notes due 2025 Senior notes due 2026 Senior notes due 2032 Finance lease liabilities N/A N/A Other (1) 
 ) ) N/A N/A Total long-term debt Short-term borrowings: Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB advances Total 
 (1) Includes adjustments for net unamortized discounts, debt issuance costs and other lease obligations. 
 N/A Not Applicable 
 Long-Term Debt 
 The Company s senior notes may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at any time prior to maturity at a price equal to the greater of the principal amount and the present value of remaining scheduled payments, discounted to the redemption date, plus accrued interest. 
 The Company repaid million principal amount of its senior notes at maturity on March 22, 2022. 
 On May 13, 2022, the Company issued million of unsecured senior notes due May 13, 2032 and incurred debt issuance costs of million. Interest payments are due semi-annually in arrears on May 13 and November 13, which commenced on November 13, 2022. 
 Short-Term Borrowings 
 The Company s life insurance and bank subsidiaries are members of the FHLB of Des Moines which provides access to collateralized borrowings. The Company has pledged Available-for-Sale securities consisting of commercial mortgage backed securities and residential mortgage backed securities as collateral to access these borrowings. The fair value of the securities pledged is recorded in Investments and was billion of commercial mortgage backed securities as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, and million and million of residential mortgage backed securities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The remaining maturity of outstanding FHLB advances was less than as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. The stated interest rate of the FHLB advances is a weighted average annualized interest rate on the outstanding borrowings as of the balance sheet date. 
 In June 2021, the Company entered into an amended and restated credit agreement that provides for an unsecured revolving credit facility of up to billion that expires in June 2026. Under the terms of the credit agreement for the facility, the Company may increase the amount of this facility up to billion upon satisfaction of certain approval requirements. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had borrowings outstanding and million of letters of credit issued against the facility. The Company s credit facility contains various administrative, reporting, legal and financial covenants. The Company was in compliance with all such covenants as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 106 

million. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, AEIS had borrowings outstanding . 
 
 15. 

107 

Available-for-Sale securities: Corporate debt securities Residential mortgage backed securities Commercial mortgage backed securities Asset backed securities State and municipal obligations U.S. government and agency obligations Foreign government bonds and obligations Other securities Total Available-for-Sale securities Investments at net asset value NAV (1) Trading and other securities Separate account assets at NAV (1) Investments and cash equivalents segregated for regulatory purposes Receivables: Fixed deferred indexed annuity ceded embedded derivatives Other assets: Interest rate derivative contracts Equity derivative contracts Credit derivative contracts Foreign exchange derivative contracts Total other assets Total assets at fair value Liabilities Policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims: Fixed deferred indexed annuity embedded derivatives 
 IUL embedded derivatives GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives (2) Structured variable annuity embedded derivatives 
 ) ) (3) Total policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims (4) Customer deposits Other liabilities: Interest rate derivative contracts Equity derivative contracts Credit derivative contracts Foreign exchange derivative contracts Other Total other liabilities Total liabilities at fair value 
 108 

Available-for-Sale securities: Corporate debt securities Residential mortgage backed securities Commercial mortgage backed securities Asset backed securities State and municipal obligations U.S. government and agency obligations Foreign government bonds and obligations Other securities Total Available-for-Sale securities Investments at NAV (1) Trading and other securities Separate account assets at NAV (1) Investments and cash equivalents segregated for regulatory purposes Receivables: Fixed deferred indexed annuity ceded embedded derivatives Other assets: Interest rate derivative contracts Equity derivative contracts Credit derivative contracts Foreign exchange derivative contracts Total other assets Total assets at fair value Liabilities Policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims: Fixed deferred indexed annuity embedded derivatives IUL embedded derivatives GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives (5) Structured variable annuity embedded derivatives 
 Total policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims (6) Customer deposits Other liabilities: Interest rate derivative contracts Equity derivative contracts Foreign exchange derivative contracts Other Total other liabilities Total liabilities at fair value 
 (1) Amounts are comprised of certain financial instruments that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient and have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. 
 (2) The fair value of the GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives included million of individual contracts in a liability position and million of individual contracts in an asset position (recorded as a contra liability) as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) The fair value of the structured variable annuity embedded derivatives was a net asset as of December 31, 2022 and the amount is presented as a contra liability. 
 109 

million cumulative decrease to the embedded derivatives as of December 31, 2022. 
 (5) The fair value of the GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives included billion of individual contracts in a liability position and million of individual contracts in an asset position (recorded as a contra liability) as of December 31, 2021. 
 (6) The Company s adjustment for nonperformance risk resulted in a million cumulative decrease to the embedded derivatives as of December 31, 2021 . 
 Total gains (losses) included in: 
 Net income ) ) (1) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Purchases Settlements ) ) ) Transfers out of Level 3 ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Changes in unrealized gains (losses) in net income relating to assets held at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) (1) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) in other comprehensive income (loss) relating to assets held at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) 
 Policyholder Account Balances, Future Policy Benefits and Claims Other Liabilities Fixed Deferred Indexed Annuity Embedded Derivatives IUL Embedded Derivatives GMWB and GMAB Embedded Derivatives Structured Variable Annuity Embedded Derivatives Total (in millions) Balance at January 1, 2022 
 Total (gains) losses included in: Net income ) (2) ) (2) ) (3) ) (3) ) (4) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Issues Settlements ) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) (5) Changes in unrealized (gains) losses in net income relating to liabilities held at December 31, 2022 
 ) (2) ) (3) ) (3) ) 
 110 

Total gains (losses) included in: 
 Net income ) ) (1) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Purchases 
 Sales ) ) Issues Settlements 
 ) ) ) ) Transfers into Level 3 
 Transfers out of Level 3 
 ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Changes in unrealized gains (losses) in net income relating to assets held at December 31, 2021 
 ) ) ) (1) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) in other comprehensive income (loss) relating to assets held at December 31, 2021 
 ) ) 
 Policyholder Account Balances, Future Policy Benefits and Claims Other Liabilities Fixed Deferred Indexed Annuity Embedded Derivatives IUL Embedded Derivatives GMWB and GMAB Embedded Derivatives Structured Variable Annuity Embedded Derivatives Total (in millions) Balance at January 1, 2021 
 Total (gains) losses included in: Net income (2) (2) ) (3) (3) ) ) (4) Issues ) Settlements ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Changes in unrealized (gains) losses in net income relating to liabilities held at December 31, 2021 
 (2) ) (3) ) 
 111 

Total gains (losses) included in: 
 Net income ) ) (1) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Purchases 
 Settlements 
 ) ) Transfers into Level 3 
 Transfers out of Level 3 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 
 Changes in unrealized gains (losses) in net income relating to assets held at December 31, 2020 
 ) ) ) (1) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) in other comprehensive income (loss) relating to assets held at December 31, 2020 ) 
 Policyholder Account Balances, Future Policy Benefits and Claims Other Liabilities Fixed Deferred Indexed Annuity Embedded Derivatives IUL Embedded Derivatives GMWB and GMAB Embedded Derivatives Structured Variable Annuity Embedded Derivatives Total (in millions) Balance at January 1, 2020 
 Total (gains) losses included in: 
 Net income 
 (2) (2) (3) (3) ) (4) Issues 
 ) Settlements 
 ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 
 Changes in unrealized (gains) losses in net income relating to liabilities held at December 31, 2020 
 (2) (3) 
 (1) Included in Net investment income. 
 (2) Included in Interest credited to fixed accounts . 
 (3) Included in Benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses . 
 (4) Included in General and administrative expense. 
 (5) The fair value of the structured variable annuity embedded derivatives was a net asset as of December 31, 2022 and the amount is presented as a contra liability. 
 The increase (decrease) to pretax income of the Company s adjustment for nonperformance risk on the fair value of its embedded derivatives was ) million, ) million and million, net of DAC, DSIC, unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Securities transferred from Level 3 primarily represent securities with fair values that are now obtained from a third-party pricing service with observable inputs or fair values that were included in an observable transaction with a market participant. Securities transferred to Level 3 represent securities with fair values that are now based on a single non-binding broker quote. 
 112 

Discounted cash flow Yield/spread to U.S. Treasuries (1) 
 Asset backed securities Discounted cash flow Annual short-term default rate (2) 
 Annual long-term default rate (2) 
 Discount rate Constant prepayment rate Loss recovery Fixed deferred indexed annuity ceded embedded derivatives Discounted cash flow Surrender rate (3) 
 Fixed deferred indexed annuity embedded derivatives Discounted cash flow Surrender rate (3) 
 Nonperformance risk (4) 
 bps bps IUL embedded derivatives Discounted cash flow Nonperformance risk (4) 
 bps bps GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives Discounted cash flow Utilization of guaranteed withdrawals (5) (6) 
 Surrender rate (3) 
 Market volatility (7) (8) 
 Nonperformance risk (4) 
 bps bps Structured variable annuity embedded derivatives ) (10) 
 Discounted cash flow Surrender rate (3) 
 Nonperformance risk (4) 
 bps bps Contingent consideration liabilities Discounted cash flow Discount rate (9) 
 
 December 31, 2021 Fair Value Valuation Technique Unobservable Input Range Weighted Average (in millions) Corporate debt securities (private placements) Discounted cash flow Yield/spread to U.S. Treasuries (1) 
 Asset backed securities Discounted cash flow Annual short-term default rate (2) 
 Annual long-term default rate (2) 
 Discount rate Constant prepayment rate Loss recovery Fixed deferred indexed annuity ceded embedded derivatives Discounted cash flow Surrender rate (3) 
 Fixed deferred indexed annuity embedded derivatives Discounted cash flow Surrender rate (3) 
 Nonperformance risk (4) 
 bps bps IUL embedded derivatives Discounted cash flow Nonperformance risk (4) 
 bps bps GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives Discounted cash flow Utilization of guaranteed withdrawals (5) (6) 
 Surrender rate (3) 
 Market volatility (7) (8) 
 Nonperformance risk (4) 
 bps bps Structured variable annuity embedded derivatives Discounted cash flow Surrender rate (3) 
 Nonperformance risk (4) 
 bps bps Contingent consideration liabilities Discounted cash flow Discount rate (9) 
 
 (1) The weighted average for the yield/spread to U.S. Treasuries for corporate debt securities (private placements) is weighted based on the security s market value as a percentage of the aggregate market value of the securities. 
 (2) The weighted average annual default rates of asset backed securities is weighted based on the security s market value as a percentage of the aggregate market value of the securities. 
 113 

Level 3 measurements not included in the tables above are obtained from non-binding broker quotes where unobservable inputs utilized in the fair value calculation are not reasonably available to the Company. 
 Uncertainty of Fair Value Measurements 
 Significant increases (decreases) in the yield/spread to U.S. Treasuries used in the fair value measurement of Level 3 corporate debt securities in isolation would have resulted in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. 
 Significant increases (decreases) in the annual default rate and discount rate used in the fair value measurement of Level 3 asset backed securities in isolation, generally, would have resulted in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement and significant increases (decreases) in loss recovery in isolation would have resulted in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. 
 Significant increases (decreases) in the constant prepayment rate in isolation would have resulted in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. 
 Significant increases (decreases) in the surrender rate used in the fair value measurement of the fixed deferred indexed annuity ceded embedded derivatives in isolation would have resulted in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. 
 Significant increases (decreases) in nonperformance risk used in the fair value measurement of the IUL embedded derivatives in isolation would have resulted in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. 
 Significant increases (decreases) in nonperformance risk and surrender rate used in the fair value measurements of the fixed deferred indexed annuity embedded derivatives and structured variable annuity embedded derivatives in isolation would have resulted in a significantly lower (higher) liability value. 
 Significant increases (decreases) in utilization and volatility used in the fair value measurement of the GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives in isolation would have resulted in a significantly higher (lower) liability value. 
 Significant increases (decreases) in nonperformance risk and surrender rate used in the fair value measurement of the GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives in isolation would have resulted in a significantly lower (higher) liability value. Utilization of guaranteed withdrawals and surrender rates vary with the type of rider, the duration of the policy, the age of the contractholder, the distribution channel and whether the value of the guaranteed benefit exceeds the contract accumulation value. 
 Significant increases (decreases) in the discount rate used in the fair value measurement of the contingent consideration liability in isolation would have resulted in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. 
 Determination of Fair Value 
 The Company uses valuation techniques consistent with the market and income approaches to measure the fair value of its assets and liabilities. The Company s market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. The Company s income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future projected cash flows to a single discounted present value amount. When applying either approach, the Company maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs. 
 The following is a description of the valuation techniques used to measure fair value and the general classification of these instruments pursuant to the fair value hierarchy. 
 Assets 
 Cash Equivalents 
 Cash equivalents include time deposits and other highly liquid investments with original or remaining maturities at the time of purchase of 90 days or less. Actively traded money market funds are measured at their NAV and classified as Level 1. U.S. Treasuries are also classified as Level 1. The Company s remaining cash equivalents are classified as Level 2 and measured at amortized cost, 
 114 

115 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 116 

Policy loans Receivables Restricted and segregated cash Other investments and assets Financial Liabilities Policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims 
 Investment certificate reserves Banking and brokerage deposits Separate account liabilities investment contracts Debt and other liabilities 
 December 31, 2021 Carrying Value Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total (in millions) Financial Assets Mortgage loans, net Policy loans Receivables Restricted and segregated cash Other investments and assets Financial Liabilities Policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims 
 Investment certificate reserves Banking and brokerage deposits Separate account liabilities investment contracts Debt and other liabilities 
 Receivables include deposit receivables, brokerage margin loans, securities borrowed, pledged asset lines of credit and loans to financial advisors. Restricted and segregated cash includes cash segregated under federal and other regulations held in special reserve bank accounts for the exclusive benefit of the Company s brokerage customers. Other investments and assets primarily include syndicated loans, credit card receivables, certificate of deposits with original or remaining maturities at the time of purchase of more than 90 days, the Company s membership in the FHLB and investments related to the Community Reinvestment Act. See Note 7 for additional information on mortgage loans, policy loans, syndicated loans, credit card receivables and deposit receivables. 
 Policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims include fixed annuities in deferral status, non-life contingent fixed annuities in payout status, indexed and structured variable annuity host contracts, and the fixed portion of a small number of variable annuity contracts classified as investment contracts. See Note 11 for additional information on these liabilities. Investment certificate reserves represent customer deposits for fixed rate certificates and stock market certificates. Banking and brokerage deposits are amounts payable to customers related to free credit balances, funds deposited by customers and funds accruing to customers as a result of trades or contracts. Separate account liabilities are primarily investment contracts in pooled pension funds offered by Threadneedle. Debt and other liabilities include the Company s long-term debt, short-term borrowings, securities loaned and future funding commitments to affordable housing partnerships and other real estate partnerships. See Note 14 for further information on the Company s long-term debt and short-term borrowings. 
 117 

16. 
 ) ) ) OTC cleared ) Exchange-traded ) Total derivatives ) ) ) Securities borrowed ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 December 31, 2021 Gross Amounts of Recognized Assets Gross Amounts Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Amounts of Assets Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Net Amount Financial Instruments (1) 
 Cash Collateral Securities Collateral (in millions) Derivatives: OTC ) ) ) OTC cleared ) Exchange-traded ) Total derivatives ) ) ) Securities borrowed ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 ) ) ) OTC cleared ) Exchange-traded ) ) Total derivatives ) ) ) Securities loaned ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 118 

) ) ) OTC cleared ) Exchange-traded ) Total derivatives ) ) ) Securities loaned ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 (1) Represents the amount of liabilities that could be offset by assets with the same counterparty under master netting or similar arrangements that management elects not to offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 In the tables above, the amount of assets or liabilities presented are offset first by financial instruments that have the right of offset under master netting or similar arrangements, then any remaining amount is reduced by the amount of cash and securities collateral. The actual collateral may be greater than amounts presented in the tables. 
 When the fair value of collateral accepted by the Company is less than the amount due to the Company, there is a risk of loss if the counterparty fails to perform or provide additional collateral. To mitigate this risk, the Company monitors collateral values regularly and requires additional collateral when necessary. When the value of collateral pledged by the Company declines, it may be required to post additional collateral. 
 Freestanding derivative instruments are reflected in Other assets and Other liabilities. Cash collateral pledged by the Company is reflected in Other assets and cash collateral accepted by the Company is reflected in Other liabilities. Securities borrowing and lending agreements are reflected in Receivables and Other liabilities, respectively. See Note 17 for additional disclosures related to the Company s derivative instruments and Note 5 for information related to derivatives held by consolidated investment entities. 
 
 17. 
 119 

Foreign exchange contracts - net investment hedges Total qualifying hedges Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Interest rate contracts Equity contracts Credit contracts Foreign exchange contracts Total non-designated hedges Embedded derivatives GMWB and GMAB (4) 
 N/A N/A IUL N/A N/A Fixed deferred indexed annuities and deposit receivables N/A N/A Structured variable annuities (5) 
 N/A ) N/A SMC N/A N/A Total embedded derivatives N/A N/A Total derivatives 
 N/A Not applicable. 
 (1) The fair value of freestanding derivative assets is included in Other assets and the fair value of ceded embedded derivative assets related to deposit receivables is included in Receivables . 
 (2) The fair value of freestanding derivative liabilities is included in Other liabilities . The fair value of GMWB and GMAB, IUL, fixed deferred indexed annuity and structured variable annuity embedded derivatives is included in Policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims . The fair value of the SMC embedded derivative liability is included in Customer deposits . 
 (3) The fair value of the Company s derivative liabilities after considering the effects of master netting arrangements, cash collateral held by the same counterparty and the fair value of net embedded derivatives was billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 16 for additional information related to master netting arrangements and cash collateral. 
 (4) The fair value of the GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives as of December 31, 2022 included million of individual contracts in a liability position and million of individual contracts in an asset position. The fair value of the GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives as of December 31, 2021 included billion of individual contracts in a liability position and million of individual contracts in an asset position. 
 (5) The fair value of the structured variable annuity embedded derivatives as of December 31, 2022 included million of individual contracts in a liability position and million of individual contracts in an asset position. The fair value of the structured variable annuity embedded derivatives as of December 31, 2021 included million of individual contracts in a liability position and million of individual contracts in an asset position. 
 See Note 15 for additional information regarding the Company s fair value measurement of derivative instruments. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, investment securities with a fair value of million and million, respectively, were received as collateral to meet contractual obligations under derivative contracts, of which million and million, respectively, may be sold, pledged or rehypothecated by the Company. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had sold, pledged or rehypothecated of these securities. In addition, as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, non-cash collateral accepted was held in separate custodial accounts and was not included in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 120 

) ) ) Equity contracts ) ) ) ) Credit contracts ) Foreign exchange contracts ) GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives IUL embedded derivatives Fixed deferred indexed annuity and deposit receivables embedded derivatives Structured variable annuity embedded derivatives Total gain (loss) ) ) ) ) ) Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Interest rate contracts ) ) ) Equity contracts ) ) Credit contracts Foreign exchange contracts GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives IUL embedded derivatives Fixed deferred indexed annuity and deposit receivables embedded derivatives ) Structured variable annuity embedded derivatives ) SMC embedded derivatives ) Total gain (loss) ) ) Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Interest rate contracts ) Equity contracts ) ) Credit contracts ) Foreign exchange contracts ) GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives ) IUL embedded derivatives Fixed deferred indexed annuity embedded derivatives ) Structured variable annuity embedded derivatives ) SMC embedded derivatives ) Total gain (loss) ) ) 
 121 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 - 2029 Total 
 Actual timing and payment amounts may differ due to future settlements, modifications or exercises of the contracts prior to the full premium being paid or received. 
 The Company has a macro hedge program to provide protection against the statutory tail scenario risk arising from variable annuity reserves on its statutory surplus and to cover some of the residual risks not covered by other hedging activities. As a means of economically hedging these risks, the Company may use a combination of futures, options, swaps and swaptions. Certain of the macro hedge derivatives may contain settlement provisions linked to both equity returns and interest rates. The Company s macro hedge derivatives that contain settlement provisions linked to both equity returns and interest rates, if any, are shown in other contracts in the tables above. 
 Structured variable annuity, IUL and stock market certificate products have returns tied to the performance of equity markets. As a result of fluctuations in equity markets, the obligation incurred by the Company related to structured variable annuity, IUL and stock market certificate products will positively or negatively impact earnings over the life of these products. The equity component of structured variable annuity, IUL and stock market certificate product obligations are considered embedded derivatives, which are bifurcated from their host contracts for valuation purposes and reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value with changes in fair value reported in earnings. As a means of economically hedging its obligations under the provisions of these products, the Company enters into interest rate swaps, index options and futures contracts. 
 The Company enters into futures, credit default swaps, commodity swaps, total return swaps and foreign currency forwards to manage its exposure to price risk arising from seed money investments in proprietary investment products. The Company enters into foreign currency forward contracts to economically hedge its exposure to certain foreign transactions. The Company enters into futures contracts, total return swaps and foreign currency forwards to economically hedge its exposure related to compensation plans. The Company enters into interest rate swaps to offset interest rate changes on unrealized gains or losses for certain investments. 
 Cash Flow Hedges 
 The Company has designated derivative instruments as a cash flow hedge for equity exposure of certain compensation-related liabilities and interest rate exposure on forecasted debt interest payments. For derivative instruments that qualify as cash flow hedges, the gains or losses on the derivative instruments is reported in AOCI and reclassified into earnings when the hedged item or transaction impacts earnings. The amount that is reclassified into earnings is presented within the same line item as the earnings impact of the hedged item in Interest and debt expense. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the amounts reclassified from AOCI to earnings related to cash flow hedges were immaterial. The estimated net amount recorded in AOCI as of December 31, 2022 that the Company expects to reclassify within the next twelve months to earnings as a reduction to Interest and debt expense is million and as an increase to General and administrative expense is million. Currently, the longest period of time over which the Company is hedging exposure to the 
 122 

years and relates to forecasted debt interest payments. See Note 20 for a rollforward of net unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives included in AOCI related to cash flow hedges. 
 Fair Value Hedges 
 The Company entered into and designated as fair value hedges an interest rate swap to convert senior notes due 2020 from fixed rate debt to floating rate debt. The interest rate swap related to the senior notes due March 2020 was settled during the first quarter of 2020 when the debt was repaid. The swap had identical terms as the underlying debt being hedged. The Company recognized gains and losses on the derivatives and the related hedged items within Interest and debt expense. The Company has not had any fair value hedges since March 2020. 
 Gains (losses) on interest rate contracts designated as fair value hedges: Hedged items Derivatives designated as fair value hedges ) Gains (losses) on interest rate contracts designated as cash flow hedges: Amount of gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI into income 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 The Company entered into, and designated as net investment hedges in foreign operations, forward contracts to hedge a portion of the Company s foreign currency exchange rate risk associated with its investment in Threadneedle. As the Company determined that the forward contracts are effective, the change in fair value of the derivatives is recognized in AOCI as part of the foreign currency translation adjustment. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , the Company recognized a gain of million, a loss of million and a gain of million, respectively, in OCI. 
 Credit Risk 
 Credit risk associated with the Company s derivatives is the risk that a derivative counterparty will not perform in accordance with the terms of the applicable derivative contract. To mitigate such risk, the Company has established guidelines and oversight of credit risk through a comprehensive enterprise risk management program that includes members of senior management. Key components of this program are to require preapproval of counterparties and the use of master netting and collateral arrangements whenever practical. See Note 16 for additional information on the Company s credit exposure related to derivative assets. 
 Certain of the Company s derivative contracts contain provisions that adjust the level of collateral the Company is required to post based on the Company s debt rating (or based on the financial strength of the Company s life insurance subsidiaries for contracts in which those subsidiaries are the counterparty). Additionally, certain of the Company s derivative contracts contain provisions that allow the counterparty to terminate the contract if the Company s debt does not maintain a specific credit rating (generally an investment grade rating) or the Company s life insurance subsidiary does not maintain a specific financial strength rating. If these termination provisions were to be triggered, the Company s counterparty could require immediate settlement of any net liability position. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate fair value of derivative contracts in a net liability position containing such credit contingent provisions was million and million, respectively. The aggregate fair value of assets posted as collateral for such instruments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. If the credit contingent provisions of derivative contracts in a net liability position as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were triggered, the aggregate fair value of additional assets that would be required to be posted as collateral or needed to settle the instruments immediately would have been million and , respectively. 
 123 

18. 
 Finance lease assets Other assets Total lease assets Liabilities Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Finance lease liabilities Long-term debt Total lease liabilities 
 Finance lease cost: Amortization of ROU assets General and administrative expense Interest on lease liabilities Interest and debt expense Total lease cost 
 Weighted-average discount rate 
 Cash paid for amounts included in measurement of finance lease liabilities Financing cash flows: Cash paid for amounts included in measurement of finance lease liabilities 
 124 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: interest 
 Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 19. 
 Restricted stock Restricted stock units Liability awards Total 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, total income tax benefit recognized by the Company related to share-based compensation expense was million, million and million, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested awards under the Company s share-based compensation plans, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Amended and Restated Ameriprise Financial 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan 
 The 2005 ICP, which was amended and approved by shareholders on April 30, 2014, provides for the grant of cash and equity incentive awards to directors, employees and independent contractors, including stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, performance shares and similar awards designed to comply with the applicable federal regulations and laws of jurisdiction. Under the 2005 ICP, a maximum of million shares may be issued. Of this total, no more than million shares may be issued after April 30, 2014 for full value awards, which are awards other than stock options and stock appreciation rights. Shares issued under the 2005 ICP may be authorized and unissued shares or treasury shares. 
 Ameriprise Financial 2008 Employment Incentive Equity Award Plan 
 The 2008 Plan is designed to align employees interests with those of the shareholders of the Company and attract and retain new employees. The 2008 Plan provides for the grant of equity incentive awards to new employees, primarily those, who became employees in connection with a merger or acquisition, including stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, and other equity-based awards designed to comply with the applicable federal and foreign regulations and laws of jurisdiction. Under the 2008 Plan, a maximum of million shares may be issued. Effective February 23, 2023, the 2008 Plan has been terminated by the Company and shares may no longer be issued under the 2008 Plan. 
 Stock Options 
 Stock options granted under the 2005 ICP and the 2008 Plan have an exercise price not less than of the current fair market value of a share of the Company s common stock on the grant date and a maximum term of years. Stock options granted generally vest ratably over three to . Vesting of option awards may be accelerated based on age and length of service. Stock options granted are expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period based on the fair value of the awards on the date of grant. The grant date fair value of the options is calculated using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model. 
 125 

Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected life of stock option (years) 
 The dividend yield assumption represents the Company s expected dividend yield based on its historical dividend payouts and management s expectations. The expected volatility is based on the Company s historical and implied volatilities. The risk-free interest rate for periods within the expected option life is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve at the grant date. The expected life of the option is based on the Company s past experience and other considerations. 
 The weighted average grant date fair value for options granted during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 Granted Exercised ) Outstanding at December 31 Exercisable at December 31 
 The intrinsic value of a stock option is the amount by which the fair value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of the option. The total intrinsic value of options exercised was million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 Restricted stock awards granted under the 2005 ICP and 2008 Plan generally vest ratably over three to or at the end of . Compensation expense for restricted stock awards is based on the market price of Ameriprise Financial common stock on the date of grant and is amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. Quarterly dividends are paid on restricted stock, as declared by the Company s Board of Directors, during the vesting period and are not subject to forfeiture. 
 Restricted Stock Units and Deferred Share Units 
 The 2005 ICP provides for the grant of deferred share units to non-employee directors of the Company and the 2005 ICP and 2008 Plan provide for the grant of restricted stock units or deferred share units to employees. The director awards are fully vested upon issuance and are settled for Ameriprise Financial common stock upon the director s termination of service. The employee awards generally vest ratably over three to . Compensation expense for deferred share units and restricted stock units is based on the market price of Ameriprise Financial stock on the date of grant. Restricted stock units and deferred stock units granted to employees are expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period or on an accelerated basis if certain age and length of service requirements are met. Deferred share units granted to non-employee directors are expensed immediately. Dividends are paid on restricted stock units, as declared by the Company s Board of Directors, during the vesting period and are not subject to forfeiture. Dividend equivalents are issued on deferred share units, as dividends are declared by the Company's Board of Directors, and are not paid until distribution of the award. Dividend equivalents on the director awards are not subject to forfeiture, but on employee awards they are forfeited if the award is forfeited. 
 Ameriprise Financial Deferred Compensation Plan 
 The Ameriprise Financial Deferred Compensation Plan DCP under the 2005 ICP gives certain employees the choice to defer a portion of their eligible compensation, which can be invested in investment options as provided by the DCP, including the Ameriprise Financial Stock Fund. The DCP is an unfunded non-qualified deferred compensation plan under section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. The Company provides a match on certain deferrals. Participant deferrals vest immediately and the Company match vests after . Distributions are made in shares of the Company s common stock for the portion of the deferral invested in the Ameriprise Financial Stock Fund and the Company match, for which the Company has recorded in equity. The DCP does allow for accelerated vesting of the share-based awards in cases of death, disability and qualified retirement. Compensation expense related to the Company match is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period or on an accelerated basis if certain age and length of service requirements are met. Dividend equivalents are issued on deferrals into the Ameriprise Financial Stock Fund and the Company match. Dividend equivalents related to deferrals are not subject to forfeiture, whereas dividend equivalents related to the Company match are subject to forfeiture until fully vested. 
 126 

million Company shares may be issued. 
 The AFG Deferral Plan allows participants to voluntarily defer a portion of their cash commissions and elect crediting rate alternatives that includes a fund based on Ameriprise Financial stock or other investment options in lieu of receiving the applicable cash compensation. Amounts a participant chooses to invest in the fund tracking Ameriprise Financial stock will be settled in Ameriprise shares; all voluntary deferrals invested in other investment options will be settled in cash. From 2006-2010, the Company provided advisors with a matching contribution with respect to these voluntary deferred amounts; however, the Company has not provided a match since 2010 and has amended the AFG Deferral Plan to remove any matching contributions. There are approximately shares outstanding under this prior matching contribution. Other than this historical matching contribution, the Company does not provide any additional premium in connection with the deferred compensation. 
 
 In addition to the voluntary deferral of cash commissions, certain participants are eligible to earn amounts in recognition of certain performance achievements that vest ratably over three or . When earned, award amounts are credited to a participant s account and receive a crediting rate based on Ameriprise Financial stock, and a participant elects (when an award is granted) whether to receive payout of these awards in cash or stock. The Company does not provide any additional premium or matching contribution in connection with the deferred compensation. Share units receive dividend equivalents, as dividends are declared by the Company s Board of Directors, until distribution and are subject to forfeiture until vested. 
 Ameriprise Advisor Group Deferred Compensation Plan 
 The Advisor Group Deferred Compensation Plan (the AAG Deferral Plan was established in 2009 as an unfunded, non-qualified deferred compensation plan that provides benefits to certain employee advisors and field leaders of the Company. The AAG Deferral Plan was not approved by the Company s shareholders and is considered a value-neutral plan (as that term is used by proxy advisory firms) and there will be no additional premium or matching contributions. Under the AAG Deferral Plan, a maximum of million Company shares may be issued. 
 The AAG Deferral Plan allows eligible employees to voluntarily defer a portion of their base salary, bonus and/or commissions and elect crediting rate alternatives that include a fund based on Ameriprise Financial stock or other investment options in lieu of receiving the applicable cash compensation. Such deferrals are fully vested and not subject to future service requirements or forfeitures and the Company does not provide any additional premium or matching contribution in connection with the deferred compensation. Amounts a participant chooses to invest in the fund tracking Ameriprise Financial stock will be settled in Ameriprise shares; all voluntary deferrals invested in other investment options will be settled in cash. 
 
 In addition to the voluntary deferral component, participants may earn amounts in recognition of certain performance achievements. These amounts receive a crediting rate based on Ameriprise Financial stock or other investment options, at the participant s election where applicable. For amounts allocated in the fund that tracks the performance of Ameriprise Financial stock, a participant elects (when an award is granted) whether to receive payout of these awards in cash or Company shares. For amounts allocated to other options, the participant receives payout in cash. These award types are subject to future service requirements and forfeitures, and the Company does not provide any additional premium or matching contribution in connection with the deferred compensation. Share units receive dividend equivalents, as dividends are declared by the Company s Board of Directors, until distribution and are subject to forfeiture until vested. 
 BMO Share Plans 
 As part of the acquisition of the BMO Global Asset Management (EMEA) business in 2021, the Company maintains certain legacy BMO Financial Group share-based awards that were granted prior to the acquisition. All relevant awards are cash settled with the last vesting date in 2023. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the liability related to these awards was million and million, respectively, and is included in Other liabilities. 
 127 

Granted Deferred Vested ) Forfeited Non-vested shares at December 31 
 The deferred shares in the table above primarily relate to franchise advisor voluntary deferrals of their commissions into Ameriprise Financial stock under the Franchise Advisor Deferral Plan that are fully vested at the deferral date. 
 The fair value of full value share awards vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 The weighted average grant date fair value for restricted shares, restricted stock units and deferred share units during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The weighted average grant date fair value for franchise advisor and advisor group deferrals during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 Performance Share Units 
 Under the 2005 ICP, the Company s Executive Leadership Team may be awarded a target number of performance share units PSUs ). PSUs will be earned only to the extent that the Company attains certain goals relating to the Company s performance and relative total shareholder returns against peers over a period. The awards also have a service condition with cliff vesting with an accelerated service condition based on age and length of service. The actual number of PSUs ultimately earned could vary from , if performance goals are not met, to as much as of the target for awards made prior to 2018 and of the target for awards made in 2018 or later, if performance goals are significantly exceeded. The value of each target PSU is equal to the value of share of Ameriprise Financial common stock. The total number of target PSUs outstanding at the end of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. The PSUs are liability awards. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the value of shares settled for PSU awards was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 20.) ) Reclassification of net (gains) losses on securities included in net income (2) 
 ) Impact of DAC, DSIC, unearned revenue, benefit reserves and reinsurance recoverables ) Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities 
 ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives: 
 Reclassification of net (gains) losses on derivatives included in net income (3) 
 ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives 
 ) ) Defined benefit plans: 
 Prior service credits and costs ) ) Net gains (losses) ) Defined benefit plans 
 ) Foreign currency translation 
 ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) 
 128 

) Reclassification of net (gains) losses on securities included in net income (2) 
 ) ) Impact of DAC, DSIC, unearned revenue, benefit reserves and reinsurance recoverables (4) 
 ) Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities 
 ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives: 
 Reclassification of net (gains) losses on derivatives included in net income (3) 
 ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives 
 ) ) Defined benefit plans: 
 Prior service credits and costs ) ) Net gains (losses) ) Defined benefit plans 
 ) Foreign currency translation 
 ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Pretax Income Tax Benefit (Expense) Net of Tax (in millions) Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities: 
 Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities arising during the period (1) 
 ) Reclassification of net (gains) losses on securities included in net income (2) 
 ) ) Impact of DAC, DSIC, unearned revenue, benefit reserves and reinsurance recoverables (4) 
 ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities 
 ) Net unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives: 
 Reclassification of net (gains) losses on derivatives included in net income (3) 
 ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives 
 ) ) Defined benefit plans: 
 Prior service credits ) ) Net gains (losses) ) ) Defined benefit plans 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation 
 ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) 
 (1) Includes impairments on Available-for-Sale securities related to factors other than credit that were recognized in OCI during the period. 
 (2) Reclassification amounts are recorded in Net investment income. 
 (3) Includes a million, million and million pretax gain reclassified to Interest and debt expense and pretax loss reclassified to Net investment income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (4) See Note 28 for a summary of the revision to the Company s previously reported Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) related to net unrealized gains (losses) on securities includes three components: (i) unrealized gains (losses) that arose from changes in the market value of securities that were held during the period; (ii) (gains) losses that were previously unrealized, but have been recognized in current period net income due to sales of Available-for-Sale securities and due to the reclassification of noncredit losses to credit losses; and (iii) other adjustments primarily consisting of changes in insurance and annuity asset and liability balances, such as DAC, DSIC, unearned revenue, benefit reserves and reinsurance recoverables, to reflect the expected impact on their carrying values had the unrealized gains (losses) been realized as of the respective balance sheet dates. 
 129 

) ) ) OCI before reclassifications 
 ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
 ) ) ) Total OCI ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 
 ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications 
 ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
 ) ) ) Total OCI ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications 
 ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
 ) Total OCI ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) ) ) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company repurchased a total of million shares, million shares and million shares, respectively, of its common stock for an aggregate cost of billion, billion and billion, respectively. In February 2019, the Company s Board of Directors authorized an additional repurchase up to billion of the Company s common stock through March 31, 2021, which was exhausted in the fourth quarter of 2020. In August 2020, the Company s Board of Directors authorized an additional expenditure of up to billion for the repurchase of shares of the Company s common stock through September 30, 2022, which was exhausted in the second quarter of 2022. In January 2022, the Company s Board of Directors authorized an additional billion for the repurchase of the Company s common stock through March 31, 2024. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had billion remaining under this share repurchase authorization. 
 The Company may also reacquire shares of its common stock under its share-based compensation plans related to restricted stock awards and certain option exercises. The holders of restricted shares may elect to surrender a portion of their shares on the vesting date to cover their income tax obligation. These vested restricted shares are reacquired by the Company and the Company s payment of the holders income tax obligations are recorded as a treasury share purchase. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company reacquired million shares, million shares and million shares, respectively, of its common stock through the surrender of shares upon vesting and paid in the aggregate million, million and million, respectively, related to the holders income tax obligations on the vesting date. Option holders may elect to net settle their vested awards resulting in the surrender of the number of shares required to cover the strike price and tax obligation of the options exercised. These shares are reacquired by the Company and recorded as treasury shares. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company reacquired million shares, million shares and million shares, respectively, of its common stock through the net settlement of options for an aggregate value of million, million and million, respectively. 
 million, million and million, respectively, treasury shares for restricted stock award grants, performance share units, and issuance of shares vested under advisor deferred compensation plans. 
 130 

21. 
 Denominator: 
 Basic: Weighted-average common shares outstanding 
 Effect of potentially dilutive nonqualified stock options and other share-based awards 
 Diluted: Weighted-average common shares outstanding 
 Earnings per share attributable to Ameriprise Financial, Inc. common shareholders: 
 Basic 
 Diluted 
 
 The calculation of diluted earnings per share excludes the incremental effect of million, and options for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, due to their anti-dilutive effect. 
 
 22. 
 billion. 
 Insurance subsidiaries 
 The National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAIC defines Risk-Based Capital RBC requirements for insurance companies. The RBC requirements are used by the NAIC and state insurance regulators to identify companies that merit regulatory actions designed to protect policyholders. These requirements apply to the Company s life insurance companies. The Company s life insurance companies each met their respective minimum RBC requirements. 
 The Company s life insurance companies are required to prepare statutory financial statements in accordance with the accounting practices prescribed or permitted by the insurance departments of their respective states of domicile, which vary materially from GAAP. Prescribed statutory accounting practices include publications of the NAIC, as well as state laws, regulations and general administrative rules. The more significant differences from GAAP include charging policy acquisition costs to expense as incurred, establishing annuity and insurance reserves using different actuarial methods and assumptions, valuing investments on a different basis and excluding certain assets from the balance sheet by charging them directly to surplus, such as a portion of the net deferred income tax assets. 
 State insurance statutes contain limitations as to the amount of dividends that insurers may make without providing prior notification to state regulators. For RiverSource Life, payments in excess of unassigned surplus, as determined in accordance with accounting practices prescribed by the State of Minnesota, require advance notice to the Minnesota Department of Commerce, RiverSource Life s primary regulator, and are subject to potential disapproval. RiverSource Life s statutory unassigned (deficit)/surplus was ) million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 In addition, dividends whose fair market value, together with that of other dividends made within the preceding 12 months, exceed the greater of the previous year s statutory net gain from operations or of the previous year-end statutory capital and surplus are referred to as extraordinary dividends. Extraordinary dividends also require advance notice to the Minnesota Department of Commerce, and are subject to potential disapproval. Statutory capital and surplus for RiverSource Life was billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. On February 17, 2023, RiverSource Life s Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of up to million to Ameriprise Financial, Inc., payable on or after March 20, 2023. 
 131 

Statutory net income 
 Government debt securities of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, held by the Company s life insurance subsidiaries were on deposit with various states as required by law. 
 Broker-dealer subsidiaries 
 The Company s broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to the Uniform Net Capital Rule (Rule 15c3-1) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Rule 15c3-1 provides an alternative net capital requirement which AEIS and Ameriprise Financial Services, LLC AFS (significant broker dealers) have elected. Regulations require that minimum net capital, as defined, be equal to the greater of thousand or of aggregate debit items arising from client balances. Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA may impose certain restrictions, such as restricting withdrawals of equity capital, if a member firm were to fall below a certain threshold or fail to meet minimum net capital requirements. 
 Net capital Less: required net capital Excess net capital AFS Net capital Less: required net capital Excess net capital 
 On February 15, 2023, AEIS and AFS paid cash dividends of million and million, respectively, to AMPF Holding, LLC. 
 Bank subsidiary 
 The Company is a savings and loan holding company that is subject to various banking regulations. However, the Company is not currently subject to the risk-based capital requirements of the Federal Reserve Bank because it is substantially engaged in insurance activities. 
 Ameriprise Bank is subject to regulation by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation in its role as insurer of its deposits. Ameriprise Bank is required to maintain minimum amounts and ratios of Total and Tier 1 capital (as defined in the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined), Tier 1 Capital to average assets (as defined), and under rules defined under the Basel III capital framework, Common equity Tier 1 capital CEIT to risk-weighted assets. Ameriprise Bank calculates these ratios under the Basel III standardized approach in order to assess compliance with both regulatory requirements and Ameriprise Bank s internal capital policies. Ameriprise Bank s requirements to maintain adequate capital ratios in relation to its risk-weighted asset levels could affect its ability to take capital actions, such as the payment of dividends. As of December 31, 2022, Ameriprise Bank s capital levels exceeded the capital conservation buffer requirement and was categorized as well-capitalized. 
 132 

Tier 1 capital Total capital Tier 1 leverage At December 31, 2021 
 Common equity Tier 1 capital Tier 1 capital Total capital Tier 1 leverage 
 Other subsidiaries 
 Ameriprise Certificate Company ACC is registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act ). ACC markets and sells investment certificates to clients. ACC is subject to various capital requirements under the 1940 Act, laws of the State of Minnesota and understandings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and the Minnesota Department of Commerce. The terms of the investment certificates issued by ACC and the provisions of the 1940 Act also require the maintenance by ACC of qualified assets. Under the provisions of its certificates and the 1940 Act, ACC was required to have qualified assets (as that term is defined in Section 28(b) of the 1940 Act) in the amount of billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. ACC had qualified assets of billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Ameriprise Trust Company is subject to capital adequacy requirements under the laws of the State of Minnesota as enforced by the Minnesota Department of Commerce. 
 Required capital for Columbia Threadneedle Investments UK International Ltd. is predominantly based on the requirements specified by its regulator, the Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), under its Capital Adequacy Requirements for investment firms. 
 
 23. 
 State and local Foreign Total current income tax Deferred income tax Federal ) ) ) State and local ) ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred income tax ) ) ) Total income tax provision 
 133 

Foreign Total 
 Changes in taxes resulting from: State taxes, net of federal benefit Low income housing tax credits ) ) ) Incentive compensation ) ) ) Dividends received deduction ) ) ) Other, net ) Income tax provision 
 The increase in the Company s effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 is primarily the result of a decrease in low income housing tax credits and an increase in state taxes, net of federal benefit, and various other adjustments. 
 The increase in the Company s effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020 is primarily the result of a decrease in the dividends received deduction and low income housing tax credits, partially offset by various other adjustments. 
 Deferred income tax assets and liabilities result from temporary differences between the assets and liabilities measured for GAAP reporting versus income tax return purposes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the statutory rate of as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Net unrealized losses on Available-for-Sale securities Deferred compensation Other Gross deferred income tax assets Less: valuation allowance Total deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities Investment related Deferred acquisition costs Intangible assets Goodwill Net unrealized gains on Available-for-Sale securities (1) 
 Other Gross deferred income tax liabilities Net deferred income tax assets 
 (1) See Note 28 for a summary of the revision to the Company s previously reported Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 134 

million, net of federal benefit, which will expire beginning December 31, 2023 and foreign net operating losses of million. Based on analysis of the Company s tax position as of December 31, 2022, management believes it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize certain state net operating losses of million, state deferred tax assets of million and foreign net operating losses of million; therefore, a valuation allowance of million has been established. 
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Reductions based on tax positions related to the current year ) ) ) Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) ) Reductions due to lapse of statute of limitations ) ) Audit settlements ) ) ) Balance at December 31 
 If recognized, approximately million, million and million, net of federal tax benefits, of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, would affect the effective tax rate. 
 It is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will change in the next 12 months. The Company estimates that the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits may decrease by approximately million in the next 12 months primarily due to Internal Revenue Service IRS settlements and state exams. 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of the income tax provision. The Company recognized a net increase of million, and a net increase of million in interest and penalties for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a payable of million and million, respectively, related to accrued interest and penalties. 

24. 
 to depending on several factors including years of service as of April 2020 and will no longer increase with more years of service. Employees balances are also credited with a fixed rate of interest that is updated each January 1 and is based on the average of the daily U.S. Treasury Note yields for the previous October 1 through November 30, with a minimum crediting rate of and maximum crediting rate of . Employees are fully vested after years of service or upon retirement at or after age 65, disability or death while employed. Employees have the option to receive annuity payments or a lump sum payout of vested balance at termination or retirement. 
 In addition, the Company sponsors the Ameriprise Financial Supplemental Retirement Plan (the SRP ), an unfunded non-qualified deferred compensation plan subject to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. This plan is for certain highly compensated employees to replace the benefit that cannot be provided by the Retirement Plan due to IRS limits. The SRP generally parallels the Retirement Plan but offers different payment options. 
 The Company also sponsors unfunded defined benefit postretirement plans that provide health care and life insurance to retired U.S. employees. On December 31, 2016, the access to retiree health care coverage was closed to all active employees who had previously 
 135 

Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of prior service credits ) ) ) Amortization of net loss Other Net periodic benefit cost 
 The prior service costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the average remaining service period of active participants. Actuarial gains and losses in excess of 10 of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the market-related value of assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the expected average remaining service period of active participants. 
 Service cost Interest cost Plan change Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) Acquisitions Settlements ) ) Foreign currency rate changes ) ) Benefit obligation at December 31 
 The actuarial (gain) loss for pension plans were primarily due to changes in the discount rate assumption as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) Acquisitions Settlements ) ) Foreign currency rate changes ) ) Fair value of plan assets, December 31 
 136 

) ) ) Benefit asset Net amount recognized ) ) ) ) 
 The accumulated benefit obligation for all pension plans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was billion and billion, respectively. 
 Fair value of plan assets Pension plans with projected benefit obligations in excess of plan assets Projected benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 Rates of increase in compensation levels N/A N/A Interest crediting rates for cash balance plans N/A N/A 
 N/A Not Applicable 
 The weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost of pension plans were as follows: 
 2022 2021 2020 Discount rates Rates of increase in compensation levels Expected long-term rates of return on assets Interest crediting rates for cash balance plans 
 In developing the expected long-term rate of return on assets, management evaluated input from an external consulting firm, including their projection of asset class return expectations and long-term inflation assumptions. The Company also considered historical returns on the plans assets. Discount rates are based on yields available on high-quality corporate bonds that would generate cash flows necessary to pay the benefits when due. 
 The Company s pension plans assets are invested in an aggregate diversified portfolio to minimize the impact of any adverse or unexpected results from a security class on the entire portfolio. Diversification is interpreted to include diversification by asset type, performance and risk characteristics and number of investments. When appropriate and consistent with the objectives of the plans, derivative instruments may be used to mitigate risk or provide further diversification, subject to the investment policies of the plans. Asset classes and ranges considered appropriate for investment of the plans assets are determined by each plan s investment committee. The target allocations are equity securities, debt securities and all other types of investments, except for the assets in pooled pension funds and certain collective funds described below, and additional voluntary contribution assets outside the U.S. which are allocated at the discretion of the individual and will be converted at retirement into the defined benefit pension plan. Actual allocations will generally be within of these targets. In addition, assets in pooled pension funds and certain collective funds reflect allocations between growth and liability matching portfolios and may shift based on manager discretion. These funds invest primarily in debt securities, equity securities, and certain derivatives, either directly or through other collective funds. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no significant holdings of any single issuer and the exposure to derivative instruments was not significant. 
 137 

Registered investment companies Insurance contracts Cash equivalents at NAV (1) 
 Collective investment funds at NAV (1) 
 Real estate investment trusts at NAV (1) 
 Hedge funds at NAV (1) 
 Pooled pension funds at NAV (1) 
 Total 
 December 31, 2021 Asset Category Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total (in millions) Equity securities: U.S. small cap stocks Non-U.S. large cap stocks Debt securities: U.S. investment grade bonds Non-U.S. investment grade bonds Insurance contracts Cash equivalents at NAV (1) 
 Collective investment funds at NAV (1) 
 Real estate investment trusts at NAV (1) 
 Hedge funds at NAV (1) 
 Pooled pension funds at NAV (1) 
 Total 
 
 Equity securities are managed to track the performance of common market indices for both U.S. and non-U.S. securities, primarily across large cap, small cap and emerging market asset classes. Debt securities are managed to track the performance of common market indices for both U.S. and non-U.S. investment grade bonds as well as a pool of U.S. high yield bonds. Cash equivalents consist of holdings in a money market fund that seeks to equal the return of the three month U.S. Treasury bill. Collective investment funds include equity and debt securities. Real estate funds are managed to track the performance of a broad population of investment grade non-agricultural income producing properties. The Company s investments in hedge funds include investments in a multi-strategy fund and an off-shore fund managed to track the performance of broad fund of fund indices. Pooled pension funds are managed to track a specific benchmark based on the investment objectives of the fund. 
 The fair value of equity securities classified as Level 1 use quoted prices in active markets and the fair value of equity securities classified as Level 2 is determined based on a market approach using observable inputs. Level 1 securities include U.S. Treasuries and actively traded mutual funds. Level 2 debt securities include mortgage and asset backed securities, agency securities and corporate debt securities. The fair value of the Level 2 securities is determined based on a market approach using observable inputs. Insurance contracts support certain non-U.S plans and are classified as Level 3. 
 The amounts recognized in AOCI, net of tax, as of December 31, 2022 but not recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost included an unrecognized actuarial loss of million and an unrecognized prior service credit of million related to the Company s pension plans. The Company s other postretirement plans included an unrecognized actuarial gain of million and an unrecognized prior service credit of million as of December 31, 2022. See Note 20 for a rollforward of AOCI related to the Company s defined benefit plans. 
 138 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 The Company expects to contribute million and to its pension plans and other postretirement plans, respectively, in 2023. 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 The Company s U.S. employees are generally eligible to participate in the Ameriprise Financial 401(k) Plan (the 401(k) Plan ). The 401(k) Plan allows eligible employees to make contributions through payroll deductions up to IRS limits and invest their contributions in one or more of the 401(k) Plan investment options, which include the Ameriprise Financial Stock Fund. The Company provides a dollar for dollar match up to the first of eligible compensation an employee contributes on a pretax and/or Roth 401(k) basis for each annual period. Effective April 2020, employees not eligible to participate in the Retirement Plan will receive a company contribution to their 401(k) Plan once they become eligible for contributions. 
 Under the 401(k) Plan, employees become eligible for contributions under the plan during the pay period they reach days of service. Match contributions are fully vested after of service, vesting ratably over the first of service, or upon retirement at or after age 65, disability or death while employed. The Company s defined contribution plan expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 25. 
 Affordable housing and other real estate partnerships Property funds Pledged asset lines of credit Total funding commitments 
 Guarantees 
 The Company s annuity and life products all have minimum interest rate guarantees in their fixed accounts. As of December 31, 2022, these guarantees range from to . 
 Contingencies 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are involved in the normal course of business in legal proceedings which include regulatory inquiries, arbitration and litigation, including class actions, concerning matters arising in connection with the conduct of its activities as a diversified financial services firm. These include proceedings specific to the Company as well as proceedings generally applicable to business practices in the industries in which it operates. The Company can also be subject to legal proceedings arising out of its general business activities, such as its investments, contracts, leases and employment relationships. Uncertain economic conditions, heightened and sustained volatility in the financial markets and significant financial reform legislation may increase the likelihood that clients and other persons or regulators may present or threaten legal claims or that regulators increase the scope or frequency of examinations of the Company or the financial services industry generally. 
 As with other financial services firms, the level of regulatory activity and inquiry concerning the Company s businesses remains elevated. From time to time, the Company receives requests for information from, and/or has been subject to examination or claims by, the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, the OCC, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority, the Federal Reserve Board, state insurance and securities regulators, state attorneys general and various other domestic and foreign governmental and quasi- 
 139 

million. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related premium tax asset was million. The expected period over which guaranty fund assessments will be made and the related tax credits recovered is not known. 
 
 26. 
 
 27. 
 reporting segments are Advice Wealth Management, Asset Management, Retirement Protection Solutions and Corporate Other. 
 The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those of the Company, except for operating adjustments defined below, the method of capital allocation, the accounting for gains (losses) from intercompany revenues and expenses and not providing for income taxes on a segment basis. 
 The largest source of intersegment revenues and expenses is retail distribution services, where segments are charged transfer pricing rates that approximate arm s length market prices for distribution through the Advice Wealth Management segment. The Advice 
 140 

141 

Asset Management Retirement Protection Solutions Corporate Other Total assets 
 142 

Asset Management Retirement Protection Solutions Corporate Other Elimination of intersegment revenues (1) 
 ) ) ) Total segment adjusted operating net revenues Net realized gains (losses) ) ) Revenue attributable to consolidated investment entities Market impact on non-traditional long-duration products, net Mean reversion related impacts ) Market impact of hedges on investments ) Block transfer reinsurance transaction impacts ) Total net revenues per consolidated statements of operations 
 (1) Represents the elimination of intersegment revenues recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 in each segment as follows: Advice and Wealth Management , and , respectively); Asset Management , and , respectively); Retirement Protection Solutions , and , respectively); and Corporate Other ( ), and ), respectively). 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Adjusted operating earnings: Advice Wealth Management Asset Management Retirement Protection Solutions Corporate Other ) ) ) Total segment adjusted operating earnings Net realized gains (losses) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to consolidated investment entities ) ) Market impact on non-traditional long-duration products, net ) ) Mean reversion related impacts ) Market impact of hedges on investments ) Block transfer reinsurance transaction impacts Integration and restructuring charges ) ) ) Pretax income per consolidated statements of operations 
 143 

28. 
 
 ) Total assets ) Other liabilities ) Total liabilities ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Total equity Total liabilities and equity ) 
 Revised Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2021 2020 As Reported Impact of Revision As Revised As Reported Impact of Revision As Revised (in millions) Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 ) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 Revised Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 As Reported As Revised Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Equity Impact of Revision Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Equity (in millions) Balances at January 1, 2020 Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balances at December 31, 2020 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) ) ) Balances at December 31, 2021 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be reported in the Exchange Act filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in and pursuant to U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC regulations, including controls and procedures designed to ensure that this information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding the required disclosure. It should be noted that, because of inherent limitations, our Company s disclosure controls and procedures, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. 
 144 

Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, our company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable level of assurance as of December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fourth fiscal quarter of the year to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. 
 The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company s Board of Directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 The Company s management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, the Company s management used the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 Based on management s assessment and those criteria, we conclude that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective. 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 None. 
 
 PART III. 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The following portions of the Proxy Statement are incorporated herein by reference: 
 information included under the caption Corporate Governance-Item 1-Election of the Eight Director Nominees 
 information included under the caption Information About the Annual Meeting and Voting-Other Business-Requirements and Deadlines for Submission of Shareholder Proposals or Nomination of Directors for the 2024 Annual Meeting 
 information under the caption Corporate Governance-Corporate Governance Documents and Policies-Codes of Conduct 
 information under the caption Corporate Governance-Item 1-Election of the Eight Director Nominees-Board Composition 
 information included under the caption Corporate Governance-Committees of the Board 
 information included under the caption Corporate Governance-Committees of the Board-Audit and Risk Committee 
 information included under the caption Corporate Governance-Committees of the Board-Audit Committee-Audit and Risk Committee Financial Experts and 
 information under the caption Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports , if applicable. 
 145 

EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP TEAM 
 Set forth below is a list of the members of our Executive Leadership Team as of the date this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been filed with the SEC. Also included in this list is Dawn M. Brockman, our principal accounting officer. Each such person s age is indicated by the number in parentheses next to his or her name. 
 Each individual with an asterisk next to his or her name has been designated as an executive officer for purposes of the Exchange Act. None of the below individuals have any family relationship with any other member of the Executive Leadership Team or our principal accounting officer, and none of such individuals became a member of the Executive Leadership Team pursuant to any arrangement or understanding with any other person. Each executive officer has been elected to serve until the next annual election of officers or until his or her successor is elected and qualified. 
 James M. Cracchiolo-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Ameriprise Financial 
 Mr. Cracchiolo (64) has been our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since September 2005 when the Company completed its spinoff from American Express. Prior to his current role, Mr. Cracchiolo held a number of senior-level positions at American Express, including group president of American Express Global Financial Services (2000 - 2005); CEO and president of American Express Financial Corporation (AEFC) (2000 - 2005) and chairman of AEFC (2001 - 2005); chairman of American Express Bank Ltd. (2000 - 2005); president and CEO of Travel Related Services International (TRS) (1998 - 2000); president of Global Network Services (1997 -1998); senior vice president of TRS Quality, Global Reengineering (1993 - 1997); and executive vice president and chief financial officer of Shearson Lehman Brothers (then a unit of American Express) (1990 -1993). In addition, Mr. Cracchiolo previously served on the boards of directors of the American Council of Life Insurers, the Financial Services Roundtable and on the board of advisors to the March of Dimes Foundation. 
 Walter S. Berman-Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Mr. Berman (80) has been our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since September 2005. Prior to that, Mr. Berman served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of AEFC, a position he held since January 2003. From April 2001 to January 2004, Mr. Berman served as Corporate Treasurer of American Express. 
 Kelli A. Hunter Petruzillo-Executive Vice President of Human Resources 
 Ms. Hunter Petruzillo (61) has been our Executive Vice President of Human Resources since September 2005. Prior to that, Ms. Hunter Petruzillo served as Executive Vice President of Human Resources of AEFC since joining our company in June 2005. Prior to joining AEFC, Ms. Hunter Petruzillo was Senior Vice President-Global Human Capital for Crown Castle International Corporation in Houston, Texas. Prior to that, she held a variety of senior level positions in human resources for Software Spectrum, Inc., Mary Kay, Inc., as well as Morgan Stanley Inc. and Bankers Trust New York Corporation. 
 Dawn M. Brockman-Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 Ms. Brockman (50) has been our Senior Vice President and Controller since September 2022, and previously was Interim Controller from July 2022 until September 2022. Prior to that, Ms. Brockman served as Vice President Finance - Controllership since November 2019 until July 2022 and the Vice President Finance - Advice Wealth Management from October 2013 to November 2019. Ms. Brockman joined the Ameriprise in 1994. 
 Deirdre D. McGraw-Executive Vice President-Marketing, Communications and Community Relations 
 Ms. McGraw (52) has been our Executive Vice President-Marketing, Communications and Community Relations since May 2014. Previously, Ms. McGraw served as Executive Vice President, Corporate Communications and Community Relations since February 2010. Prior to that, Ms. McGraw served as Senior Vice President-Corporate Communications and Community Relations since February 2007 and as Vice President-Corporate Communications since May 2006. Prior thereto, Ms. McGraw served as Vice President-Business Planning and Communications for the Group President, Global Financial Services at American Express. 
 Gerard Smyth-Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer 
 Mr. Smyth (61) has been our Chief Information Officer since August 2020. Prior to that date, Mr. Smyth served as Executive Vice President-Technology for Ameriprise s AWM Business since August 2013. Prior to joining Ameriprise in 2002, he held senior delivery and architectural roles with American Express, the Australian Stock Exchange and Qantas Airways. He has a bachelor s degree in electronics engineering from Imperial College London and an MBA from the University of Sydney. 
 Heather J. Melloh-Executive Vice President and General Counse l 
 Ms. Melloh (51) has been our Executive Vice President - General Counsel since June 2022. Ms. Melloh previously served as Senior Vice President Assistant General Counsel since January 2020 to June 2022. From January 2017 until January 2020, Ms. Melloh was Vice President Lead Chief Counsel. Ms. Melloh joined Ameriprise in 2005 and had previously been a partner at the law firm of Dorsey Whitney, LLP in Minneapolis. She is active as a leader in many industry groups and within Ameriprise serves on the board of the Political Action Committee. 
 146 

Patrick H. O Connell-Executive Vice President, Ameriprise Advisor Group Ameriprise Financial Institutions Group 
 Mr. O'Connell (53) has been our Executive Vice President of the Ameriprise Advisor Group since February 2013. Prior to that, he was Senior Vice President for the employee advisor business in the eastern half of the United States and in other senior leadership positions within Ameriprise before that. Mr. O'Connell earned his M.B.A. and B.S. from Widener University. 
 Joseph E. Sweeney-President-Advice Wealth Management, Products and Service Delivery 
 Mr. Sweeney (61) has been our President-Advice Wealth Management, Products and Service Delivery since June 2012. Prior to that time, Mr. Sweeney served as President-Advice Wealth Management, Products and Services since May 2009 and as President-Financial Planning, Products and Services since 2005. Prior to that, Mr. Sweeney served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of Banking, Brokerage and Managed Products of AEFC since April 2002. Prior thereto, he served as Senior Vice President and Head, Business Transformation, Global Financial Services of American Express from March 2001 until April 2002. Mr. Sweeney is on the board of directors of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association and the American Securities Association. 
 Bill Williams-Executive Vice President, Ameriprise Franchise Group 
 Bill Williams (55) has been our Executive Vice President, Ameriprise Franchise Group since February 2013. Mr. Williams joined Ameriprise in 1989 as an advisor. Mr. Williams has held a number of management roles within Ameriprise before assuming his current position. Mr. Williams is a graduate of Bentley University with a B.A. in Finance. 
 Gumer Alvero-President-Insurance Annuities 
 Mr. Alvero (55) has been our President - Insurance and Annuities since February 2022. Mr. Alvero previously served as Executive Vice President and General Manager -Insurance and Annuities from April 2021 to February 2022 and Executive Vice President and General Manager - Annuities from April 2010 to April 2021. Mr. Alvero joined Ameriprise in 1989. He earned a B.S. in business from the University of Minnesota. 
 Scott E. Couto-Head of North America, Columbia Threadneedle Investments 
 Mr. Couto (53) has been our Head of North America for Columbia Threadneedle Investments since February 2018. He was previously President of Fidelity Institutional Asset Management and held executive positions across distribution, product and marketing at Fidelity Investments. Mr. Couto joined Fidelity in 2009 from Evergreen Investments. Prior to that, he was with Liberty Funds, a predecessor fund family of Columbia. Mr. Couto received a degree in finance and investments from Babson College and holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation. 
 William Davies-Executive Vice President and Global Chief Investment Officer 
 Mr. Davies (59) has been our Executive Vice President and Global Chief Investment Officer since February 2022. Mr. Davies previously served as Global Head of Equities from July 2017 until February 2022. Mr. Davies joined Threadneedle Asset Management Limited at its inception in 1994 and previously held roles as head of EMEA equities, head of global equities and head of European equities. He has been a member of the investment community since 1985 and earned a B.A. in economics from Exeter University. 
 Nick Ring-Chief Executive Officer-Global Asset Management, EMEA 
 Mr. Ring (57) has been our Chief Executive Officer - Global Asset Management, EMEA since September 2019. He was previously the Global Head of Distribution at Jupiter Asset Management, a U.K.-based fund management group, from September 2015 to August 2019. Prior to that, Mr. Ring worked at Columbia Threadneedle in various product and distribution roles from 2008 to 2014, including most recently as Global Head of Product in 2014. Mr. Ring has a LLB (Hons) degree from the University of Reading and held various roles at Northern Trust, KPMG, Gartmore Fund Managers and Prudential earlier in his career. 
 William F. Truscott-CEO-Global Asset Management 
 Mr. Truscott (62) has been our CEO - Global Asset Management since September 2012. Prior to that time, Mr. Truscott had served as CEO - U.S. Asset Management and President, Annuities since May 2010, as President - U.S. Asset Management, Annuities and Chief Investment Officer since February 2008 and as President - U.S. Asset Management and Chief Investment Officer since September 2005. Prior to that, Mr. Truscott served as Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer of AEFC, a position he held since he joined the company in September 2001. 
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 We have adopted a set of Corporate Governance Principles and Categorical Standards of Director Independence which, together with the charters of the three standing committees of the Board of Directors (Audit and Risk; Compensation and Benefits; and Nominating and Governance) and our Code of Conduct (which constitutes the Company s code of ethics), provide the framework for the governance of our company. A complete copy of our Corporate Governance Guidelines and Categorical Standards of Director Independence, the charters of each of the Board committees, the Code of Conduct (which applies not only to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Controller, but also to all other employees of our company) and the Code of Business Conduct for the Members of the Board of Directors may be found by clicking the Corporate Governance link found on our Investor Relations website at ir.ameriprise.com. You may also access our Investor Relations website through our main website at ameriprise.com by clicking on the Investor Relations link, which is located at the bottom of the page. (Information from such sites is not incorporated 
 147 

by reference into this report.) You may also obtain free copies of these materials by writing to our Corporate Secretary at our principal executive offices. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The following portions of the Proxy Statement are incorporated herein by reference: 
 information under the caption Corporate Governance-Committees of the Board-Compensation and Benefits Committee-Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 information included under the caption Compensation and Benefits Committee Report 
 information included under the caption Compensation Discussion and Analysis (other than under the heading Pay Versus Performance ), and 
 information included under the caption Compensation of Directors. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The Equity Compensation Plan Information table under the caption Item 4 - To adopt and approve the Ameriprise Financial 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan, as Amended and Restated in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Descriptions of our equity compensation plans can be found in Note 19 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Information concerning the market for our common shares and our shareholders can be found in Part II, Item 5 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The information included under the caption Ownership of Our Common Shares in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information under the captions Corporate Governance-Board Composition-Director Independence, Corporate Governance-Board Composition-Independence of Committee Members and Certain Transactions in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information set forth under the heading Item 5-Ratification of Audit and Risk Committee s Selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2023 , -Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees -Services to Associated Organizations and -Policy on Pre-Approval of Services Provided by Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 148 

PART IV. 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) 1. 
 Financial Statements: 
 The information required herein has been provided in Item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 2. Financial schedules required to be filed by Item 8 of this form, and by Item 15(b): 
 Schedule I-Condensed Financial Information of Registrant (Parent Company Only) 
 Condensed Statements of Operations December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 155 
 Condensed Balance Sheets - December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 156 
 Condensed Statements of Cash Flows December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 157 
 Notes to Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 
 158 
 All other financial schedules are not required under the related instructions, or are inapplicable and therefore have been omitted. 
 3. Exhibits: 
 Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, we have filed certain agreements as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These agreements may contain representations and warranties by the parties. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other party or parties to such agreements and (i) may have been qualified by disclosures made to such other party or parties, (ii) were made only as of the date of such agreements or such other date(s) as may be specified in such agreements and are subject to more recent developments, which may not be fully reflected in our public disclosure, (iii) may reflect the allocation of risk among the parties to such agreements and (iv) may apply materiality standards different from what may be viewed as material to investors. Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe our actual state of affairs at the date hereof and should not be relied upon. 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The exhibit numbers followed by an asterisk ) indicate exhibits electronically filed herewith. All other exhibit numbers indicate exhibits previously filed and are hereby incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Exhibit 
 Description 
 3.1 
 Amended Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 1-32525, filed on May 1, 2014). 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, File No. 1-32525, filed on February 24, 2021). 4.1 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, File No. 1-32525 filed on February 26, 2020). 4.2 
 Form of Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 3 to Form 10 Registration Statement, File No. 1-32525, filed on August 19, 2005). 
 Other instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt securities of the registrant are omitted pursuant to Section (b)(4)(iii)(A) of Item 601 of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish copies of these instruments to the SEC upon request. 
 4.3 
 Indenture dated as of October 5, 2005, between Ameriprise Financial, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a) to the Registration Statement on Form S-3, File No. 333-128834, filed on October 5, 2005). 4.4 
 Indenture dated as of May 5, 2006, between Ameriprise Financial, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.A to the Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR, File No. 333-133860, filed on May 5, 2006). 4.5 
 Junior Subordinated Debt Indenture, dated as of May 5, 2006, between Ameriprise Financial, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.C to the Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR, File No. 333-133860, filed on May 5, 2006). 4.6 
 Subordinated Debt Indenture, dated as of May 5, 2006, between Ameriprise Financial, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.B to the Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR, File No. 333-133860, filed on May 5, 2006). 10.1 
 Tax Allocation Agreement by and between American Express and Ameriprise Financial, Inc., dated as of September 30, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 1-32525, filed on October 4, 2005). 10.2 
 Ameriprise Financial 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective April 30, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit B to the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on April 30, 2014, File No. 001-32525, filed on March 17, 2014). 
 149 

Exhibit 
 Description 
 10.3 
 Ameriprise Financial Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, File No. 1-32525, filed on February 24, 2012). 10.4 
 Ameriprise Financial Supplemental Retirement Plan, as amended and restated effective October 3, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, File No. 1-32525, filed on February 23, 2018). 10.5 
 Form of Ameriprise Financial 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan Master Agreement for Substitution Awards (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Amendment No. 2 to Form 10 Registration Statement, File No. 1-32525, filed on August 15, 2005). 10.6 
 Ameriprise Financial Form of Award Certificate Non-Qualified Stock Option Award (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 1-32525, filed on October 4, 2005). 10.7 
 Ameriprise Financial Form of Award Certificate Restricted Stock Award (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 1-32525, filed on October 4, 2005). 10.8 
 Ameriprise Financial Form of Award Certificate Restricted Stock Unit Award (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 1-32525, filed on October 4, 2005). 10.9 
 Ameriprise Financial Form of Agreement Cash Incentive Award (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 1-32525, filed on October 4, 2005). 10.10 
 Ameriprise Financial Long-Term Incentive Award Program Guide 10.11 
 Ameriprise Financial Performance Cash Unit Plan Supplement to the Long Term Incentive Award Program Guide (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K File No. 1-32525, filed on February 25, 2022). 10.12 
 Ameriprise Financial Form of Award Certificate Performance Cash Unit Plan Award (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K File No. 1-32525, filed on February 25, 2016). 10.13 
 Ameriprise Financial Performance Share Unit Plan Supplement to the Long-Term Incentive Award Program Guide (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K File No. 1-32525, filed on February 25, 2022). 10.14 
 Ameriprise Financial Form of Award Certificate Performance Share Unit Plan Award (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K File No. 1-32525, filed on February 25, 2016). 10.15 
 Ameriprise Financial Deferred Share Plan for Outside Directors, as amended and restated effective December 3, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K File No. 1-32525, filed on February 24, 2015). 10.16 
 CEO Security and Compensation Arrangements (incorporated by reference to Item 1.01 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 1-32525, filed on October 31, 2005). 10.17 
 Ameriprise Financial Senior Executive Severance Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, File No. 1-32525, filed on February 24, 2012). 10.18 
 Restricted Stock Awards in lieu of Key Executive Life Insurance Program (incorporated by reference to Item 1.01 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 1-32525, filed on November 18, 2005). 10.19 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for directors, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel and Principal Accounting Officer and any other officers designated by the Chief Executive Officer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 1-32525, filed on April 26, 2012). 10.20 
 Ameriprise Advisor Group Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K File No. 1-32525, filed on February 25, 2016). 10.21 
 Ameriprise Financial Annual Incentive Award Plan, as amended and restated as of January 1, 2009 (incorporated by 
 reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, File No. 1-32525, filed on May 2, 2018). 
 10.22 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 11, 2021, among Ameriprise Financial, Inc., as Borrower, the lenders party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and Issuing Lender, Bank of America, N.A. and Citibank, N.A. as Co-Syndication Agents, and Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, HSBC Bank USA, National Association, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., U.S. Bank National Association and BMP Harris Bank N.A. as Co-Documentation Agents, and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, BofA Securities, Inc. and CitiBank, N,A. as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 1-32525, filed on June 11, 2021). 10.23 
 Threadneedle Deferral Plan (as amended and restated effective January 1, 2018) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K File No. 1-32525, filed on February 25, 2022). 10.24 
 First Amendment to the Threadneedle Deferral Plan (effective December 6, 2018) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K File No. 1-32525, filed on February 25, 2022). 10.25 
 Deferred Stock Unit Award Certificate - Threadneedle Deferral Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K File No. 1-32525, filed on February 25, 2022). 10.26 
 Form of Deferred Stock Unit Award - Threadneedle Deferral Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K File No. 1-32525, filed on February 25, 2022). 
 150 

Exhibit 
 Description 
 13 
 Portions of the Ameriprise Financial, Inc. 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders, which are furnished solely for the information of the SEC and are not to be deemed filed. 21 
 Subsidiaries of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. 23 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 24 
 Powers of attorney 31.1 
 Certification of James M. Cracchiolo pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 31.2 
 Certification of Walter S. Berman pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 32 
 Certification of James M. Cracchiolo and Walter S. Berman pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 
 The following materials from Ameriprise Financial, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (vi) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements; and (vii) Schedule I - Condensed Financial Information of Registrant (Parent Only). 104 The cover page from Ameriprise Financial, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 is formatted in iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. Filed electronically herewith. Management contract or compensation plan or arrangement 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 151 

Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL, INC. 
 Registrant 
 Date: February 23, 2023 By /s/ Walter S. Berman Walter S. Berman Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacity and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Date: February 23, 2023 By /s/ James M. Cracchiolo James M. Cracchiolo 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer and Director) 
 
 Date: February 23, 2023 By /s/ Walter S. Berman Walter S. Berman Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Date: February 23, 2023 By /s/ Dawn M. Brockman Dawn M. Brockman Senior Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 Date: February 23, 2023 By /s/ Dianne Neal Blixt Dianne Neal Blixt Director 
 Date: February 23, 2023 By /s/ Amy DiGeso Amy DiGeso Director 
 Date: February 23, 2023 By /s/ Armando Pimentel, Jr. Armando Pimentel, Jr. Director 
 Date: February 23, 2023 By /s/ Robert F. Sharpe, Jr. Robert F. Sharpe, Jr. Director 
 Date: February 23, 2023 By /s/ Brian T. Shea Brian T. Shea Director 
 Date: February 23, 2023 By /s/ W. Edward Walter III W. Edward Walter III Director 
 152 

Date: February 23, 2023 By /s/ Christopher J. Williams Christopher J. Williams Director 
 By /s/ Walter S. Berman Walter S. Berman Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Walter S. Berman, by signing his name hereto on the 23rd day of February, 2023 does hereby sign this document pursuant to powers of attorney duly executed by the Directors named, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on behalf of such Directors as Exhibit 24 to this Form 10-K, all in the capacities and on the date stated, such persons being the majority of the Directors of the Registrant. 
 153 

Schedule I - Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 
 (Parent Company Only) 
 Condensed Statements of Operations - Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 155 
 Condensed Balance Sheets - December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 156 
 Condensed Statements of Cash Flows - Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 157 
 Notes to Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 
 158 

154 

Other revenues Total revenues Banking and deposit interest expense Total net revenues Expenses Distribution expenses Interest and debt expense General and administrative expense Total expenses Pretax loss before equity in earnings of subsidiaries ) ) ) Income tax provision (benefit) 
 ) Loss before equity in earnings of subsidiaries ) ) ) Equity in earnings of subsidiaries, net of tax 
 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) 
 See Notes to Condensed Financial Information of Registrant. 
 
 155 

Investments Loans to subsidiaries Due from subsidiaries Receivables Land, buildings, equipment, and software, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 
 Investments in subsidiaries Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Due to subsidiaries Borrowings from subsidiaries Long-term debt Other liabilities Total liabilities Equity: Common shares par value; shares authorized, ; shares issued, and , respectively) 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury shares, at cost and shares, respectively) 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, including amounts applicable to equity investments in subsidiaries ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See Notes to Condensed Financial Information of Registrant. 
 156 

Equity in earnings of subsidiaries ) ) ) Dividends received from subsidiaries Other operating activities, primarily with subsidiaries Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities Available-for-Sale securities: Proceeds from sales Maturities, sinking fund payments and calls Purchases ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of other investments 
 Purchase of other investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of land, buildings, equipment and software Purchase of land, buildings, equipment and software ) ) ) Contributions to subsidiaries ) ) ) Return of capital from subsidiaries Repayment of loans to subsidiaries 
 Issuance of loans to subsidiaries ) ) ) Acquisition of surplus loans to subsidiaries ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Dividends paid to shareholders ) ) ) Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) Issuance of long-term debt, net of issuance costs 
 Repayments of long-term debt ) ) ) Borrowings from subsidiaries Repayments of borrowings from subsidiaries ) ) ) Exercise of stock options Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 Supplemental Disclosures: Interest paid on debt Income taxes paid (received), net Non-cash contributions to subsidiaries 
 See Notes to Condensed Financial Information of Registrant. 
 157 

Total assets Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, including amounts applicable to equity investments in subsidiaries Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 Revised Condensed Statements of Operations 
 Years Ended December 31, 2021 2020 As Reported Impact of Revision As Revised As Reported Impact of Revision As Revised (in millions) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 The change in fair value of derivative instruments used as hedges is reflected in the Parent Company s Condensed Statements of Operations. For certain derivatives, the change in the hedged item is reflected in the subsidiaries Statements of Operations. The change in fair value of certain derivatives used to economically hedge risk related to guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefit GMWB provisions is included in Benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses, while the underlying benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses are reflected in Equity in earnings of subsidiaries, net of tax. 
 2. Investments 
 On December 23, 2020, RiverSource Life Insurance Company RiverSource Life issued a million unsecured surplus note due December 31, 2050 to the Parent Company. The surplus note is subordinate in right of payment to the prior payment in full of RiverSource Life s obligations to policyholders, claimants and beneficiaries and all other creditors. No payment of principal or interest shall be made without the prior approval of the Minnesota Department of Commerce and such payments shall be made only from RiverSource Life s statutory surplus. Interest payments, which commenced on June 30, 2021, are due semi-annually in arrears on June 30 and December 31. Subject to the preceding conditions, RiverSource Life may prepay all or a portion of the principal at any time. The held-to-maturity investment was million as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021 is recorded in Investments on the Parent Company s Condensed Balance Sheets. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest income was million and million, respectively, and is reported in Net investment income on the Parent Company s Condensed Statements of Operations. 
 The Parent Company invested in the residual tranche of an asset backed security structure issued by Ameriprise Advisor Financing, LLC AAF and in the residual tranche of an asset backed security structure issued by Ameriprise Advisor Financing 2, LLC AAF2 ), both subsidiaries of the Parent Company. The asset backed securities are collateralized by a portfolio of loans issued to advisors affiliated with Ameriprise Financial Services, LLC AFS ), a subsidiary of the Parent Company. As of December 31, 2021, the fair value of the residual tranche issued by AAF was million. During the third quarter of 2022, the Parent Company redeemed the outstanding residual tranche 
 158 

million loss, and invested million in a new residual tranche issued by AAF2. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the residual tranche issued by AAF2 was million. The fair value of the residual tranche is reported in Investments on the Parent Company s Condensed Balance Sheets. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, interest income was million, million and million, respectively, and is reported in Net investment income on the Parent Company s Condensed Statements of Operations. 
 3. Debt 
 All of the debt of Ameriprise Financial is borrowings of the Parent Company, except as indicated below. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Ameriprise Financial had million and million, respectively, of borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines, which is collateralized with commercial mortgage backed securities and residential mortgage backed securities. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Ameriprise Financial debt included million and million, respectively, of other subsidiary lease obligations. 
 4. Borrowings from Subsidiaries 
 The Parent Company has intercompany lending arrangements with its subsidiaries. At the end of each business day, taking into consideration all legal and regulatory requirements associated with its subsidiaries, the Parent Company is entitled to draw on all funds in specified bank accounts. Repayment of all or a portion of the funds is due on demand. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million, respectively, available for repayment due on demand. The Parent Company also has revolving credit agreements with its subsidiaries as the borrower aggregating billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of which million and million was outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 5. Guarantees, Commitments and Contingencies 
 The Parent Company is the guarantor for operating leases of certain subsidiaries. All consolidated legal, regulatory and arbitration proceedings, including class actions of Ameriprise Financial are potential or current obligations of the Parent Company. The Parent Company has committed revolving credit agreements with its subsidiaries as the lender aggregating million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of which and million was outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Parent Company and Ameriprise Certificate Company ACC entered into a Capital Support Agreement on March 2, 2009, pursuant to which the Parent Company agrees to commit such capital to ACC as is necessary to satisfy applicable minimum capital requirements. Effective April 30, 2014, this agreement was amended to revise the maximum commitment to million. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, ACC did not draw upon the Capital Support Agreement and had met all applicable capital requirements. 
 AFS entered into a Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA approved subordinated loan agreement with the Parent Company on December 15, 2014 for regulatory net capital purposes. The agreement consists of a million secured demand note. The note is secured by cash and securities equal to the principal value of the note pledged by the Parent Company. As of December 31, 2022, AFS had not made a demand of the principal amount. 
 Ameriprise Enterprise Investment Services, Inc. AEIS entered into a FINRA approved subordinated loan agreement with the Parent Company on January 25, 2017 for regulatory net capital purposes. Under this agreement, AEIS borrowed million from the Parent Company with an initial term of to be repaid no later than January 22, 2022. Both companies have the option to renew the agreement in -increments in perpetuity. The agreement was renewed in January 2022 and 2023, respectively, extending the current maturity date to January 22, 2024. 
 6. Subsequent Events 
 On January 18, 2023, the Parent Company paid a cash contribution of million to Ameriprise Holdings, Inc. 
 On January 25, 2023, the Parent Company paid a cash contribution of million to Ameriprise Advisor Capital, LLC. 
 On January 30, 2023, the Parent Company paid a cash contribution of million to ACC. 
 On February 15, 2023, the Parent Company received a cash dividend of million from AMPF Holding, LLC. 
 On February 17, 2023, RiverSource Life s Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of up to million to the Parent Company, payable on or after March 20, 2023, pending approval by the Minnesota Department of Commerce. 
 159 

<EX-10.10>
 2
 exhibit1010-12312022.htm
 EX-10.10

exhibit1010-12312022 

! # ' () + ' ,-, .,/.+ 01 234567 809 ,:,9 ' 9,1 ?@@A ,1 809:,9 B CDE FGHIJKL DE MNO GP MOGEMKH IE HGQKODL( EKHIOD DKE CN CNQK RKKL OK(DE KOKF ILFKO CK IBEB EKHIOD DKE NH GP STUUB O+- ' 01V F+W+X/+9 ?@?? 

! # ! # ' + , + - ! . / 0 + 0 , 1 + 1 - ! 2 /3 1 0 . / 1 4 - 1 + 4- , 1 + 5 /6 4- 5 4- . / 7 0 8 6 !9 7 . # 0 7 6 80 !9 7 0 : ; / ! 6 > > # > > ? ! . 2 ?! > . 

! # ' ) +, - ' #. .# '/# 0' #!#-' .1 # . . # . 2 . ' /( . 2 #- #. 3# ' !#'/4 !5 6 -' 7+,5 87 - #(# ' . '9 # 6 -' 71. 2: : .:!! ..4 . ' ! .#( .. #'/ : 2 . ' '! ' '# '/ -/ 7 .5 . ' :# 7 ! # 6 - .' # 0/' 4 '. ' ( ' . ' ) 0/' +,5 / . ' ! ( 2 '-- '/ 

! # '( '+ ', -', ./0 -1, 2/34/3 ./0 5678 69 (:.70 ; ? ; > @ A > B BC ; = ! ? 'DE4 69 F7./3 G ; = H ? G I HJ G ; = H ? K ; K ! L4M3D/N 'OP40QR4S G A J G A J G A J ! T U ; BV WDXD04/0MY WDXD04/0 Z[QDX.R4/3M > A A > \ A A ! A L63D/N DNP3M 967 ,/X4M340 (]- 'P.74M 2/O684 Z8 R 6a84/3 b.c.3D6/ d,e'e 6/Raf G > ; > > G > ; = g Kh! > ? G > ; ! B ! ! A > > = BC ? G T i h ! \ U ! A > G T i h ! \ U 

! # ' # # + ' ' , (,) # - (, . # ' + # ! ' + # ' + ' ' ! / # + # # , # + # # + , #! 0 + + + # ! 1 2 3 + + 4 - (, 5 ') , ' , # 6 0 7 '7 89' + # , # ') , ' + # ') , ' , # . 6 0 7 '7 89' , + # ' ' ') , ' , #! : 9 (,) ; # ') , ' + ?@ 

! # ' ! # ' ,- ,- /0 ,- / 1'2 3/0 + / 1'2 +5 3 6 7 8 5 9 ' : ' ,- ,- ,- ,- ,- ; ' ,- ' ? @AB ABCD>ECFGHB I>A JE>KFEL @EM @GFMFEL GN OPB @DDHFQ@GHB H@KC @EM R>SD@EN D>HFQFBC ABL@AMFEL N>?A CO>QJ @EM CO>QJTG@CBM @K@AMCU 6 V W 7 '8 )7 3 , 5 ,- Y ' ,- ' Z ' [ ' ,- ' /+ \ ++ ,- ' /11 3/+ \ ++ /11 5 ' ' ' ' ' 6 ] 7 8 >ET_?@HFIFBM O>QJ aDOF>EC !X ,- ' 

! # ' ! # + ,, - + . - + . , / ' 0 1 . 2 ! # 3 # # ! # 4 5 ! ,3 6 7 6 . 1 ! # 8 ' 9 ! , . ! # 4 # # ! ! : 3 ! 9 ' 8 (; , . # , 6 .: ? @AB CDAEFGHAI ' J 9 ,/ J 0. 9 # 9 # 8 3 # # # : K 5 9 ,=: 

! # ! ! ! '(() )+,-. '//0+1-.23 452 0)6 )+,2 -,( 45/+0 ),7 89 : ; ?)05( /05@6.5-0-,65A C D E F ! F ! ; H0+1)(5 05>?)05( ,+ )65! 89 : I JKLK M9N O: P E Q9F ! R+ 5S T F ! : U P E C ! ; V.-6W@+? /50)+(! F C D ! F D E ! : C D E B : ! XY/+0 -, # G P E C F F P E F ! P E F ! F P E P E ! G F ! ; '[[)0Y 2 +6W+\,502])/ 05>?)05Y5, 2 -05 Y5 +0 05>?)05Y5, 2 ?,(502 ++( )[ ,+ 5 Y5 A C ! ! 9 : ! ; : O: O: : M9_ F U F _ I _Q M! : a O: ! B U ! 

! # # # '( # # + ', -./0123/ 4/5678 9/5 -./0123/ 36 ?@;A8@B7 52[/ 7U21/03 7A 

! # ! +,- ./01234 56 3/7 18/95:53; 2:95 78-270-37 /? 234 @+ABC D/= 28- 678/3;E4 -: 7/ 2:956/8 /3 7,- 211E5 501E5 -6 024 G- 1242GE- G-?/8- 23 BF28: 9-676 23: 4/= 8- 201E-\ 5? 4/= G- 2GE- ?/8 [A.B 1=81/6-6 /3 7,- :27- 7,27 4/= G- -6 F/=E: 211E4 27 9-6753; /8 :-E59-84\ 26 211E5 78-270-37 /? 234 @+AB\ 53 -8 2:956/8 /3 7,- 211E5 501E5 

! # ' (+,-./ 0 1 2 ! 3 4 ! 5 6 4 5 ! 6 2 2 ! 7 8 8 7 8 0 8 7 8 0 90 ; :?= 

! ! # ! !# ! ' # + , -. / # 0 ! ! # # ! # ! ! 1! 1! 23 4 ! !# ! ' # 5 0 # 560 , !# ! !'! ! 5 0 ! ! 7( ! 560 ! ! 7( !, # # #1 !3 8 ! 6 !! #9 # ! ! ' 2 ! ' # 9 # # # '( ! + 3 4 ! ' ' # #1 ! !# ! ' 9 + , !# ! !! ! # #1 ! ! ' 7( ! # ! 1! ! ' 2 ! ' ! 5# ? ! ! 9 ! # > 9 ! ! # > )! ! :!# )! ! ! > 8 # '! 1! 2!! 1( ! ! ! > 8 # '! ' ' ! ! 1 ! ! 9!! ' # ! # 

! # () ! ! () +,-./,0 1 23 # 4 5 23 # 2 # ! 23 # 6 7 6 23 # 4 8 3 # ! # 3 1 # ! # ))9 ! ! ! ))9 ! ! # : ! # 4; # ? 3 23 # 1 @@ # 3 1 # A # # 

! # # ' ! ' ! + , - - , ' . / 0 ' ! ! ! 1 2 345678 9: 567 ? ! 2 1 ! 1 1 @A # ' ! ! ! 1 2 1 ' ' @A .B) C/! ! , ! ! ! ! . ! BD C/ EFG HIJKL MN IJK ON PIGQRSRTIJQLU # D # V . /! W 1)W D W ! ! ! XA ! EFG HIJKL YN IJK IZF[\ PIGQRSRTIJQLU # D # V . /! W 1)W D W ! ! ! XA ! P]\IL\ JFQ\ _ RL RL LabbIGc Fd Q \ e\QGRb\JQI] fFJKaSQ PGF[RLRFJL Q IQ ITT]c QF g_hiL j\J\GI]ck P]\IL\ G\[R\l Q \ fFJL\JQ QF Q \ iTT]RSIQRFJ Fd EFGd\RQaG\ IJK e\QGRb\JQI] fFJKaSQ PGF[RLRFJL QF gFJjm_\Gb hJS\JQR[\ ilIGKL IJKnFG IJc FQ \G G\LQGRSQR[\ SF[\JIJQ IjG\\b\JQL Z\Ql\\J cFa IJK Q \ fFbTIJc FG IJc Fd RQL LaZLRKRIGR\L dFG Q \ LT\SRdRS K\QGRb\JQI] SFJKaSQ TGF[RLRFJL IJKnFG G\LQGRSQR[\ SF[\JIJQL Q IQ ITT]c QF cFaG ilIGKLk D o B) 0C 1 ., / B 0C . B) 0 1 C/ ! - ! p qA W 0 1 ! ! o1 ! o1 

! # # ' ! +!( ),- ./ +( ,- 0 1 2 3 0 4 2 5 + 6 ,- 4 2 3 6 6 4 2 7 - 6 0 5 4 7 5 8 + ! ,- ! 8 ! ! 6 6 ! 1 9: 8 ; 

! ' # # # # ! ## ' ## # ' ' ' # # # ' + + + , + , # # - ' # # # ' ' ' # ' # + ' - ' ' ./012 2345167 899:132 56 98?3@2 67:? 

! # ' ' ! ' ' ++ ' ,-- . ! ' / ' ' 01234 56478 19: 39: ?@AB8C DAE8 19: DAF8 ' HIIJ ' G HIIJ ' K G HIIJ L MN O Q LN P R K ' ?@AB ES14:8 T3UV9=14W 5647 34 A6Y6419]6 MM MM _ ,I X9Y3UV9=14W 5647 34 A6Y6419]6 a6b]6c= >34 5647 

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a : b c = A ? VV [(F 3 , Y!#M , c e = A ? > D ? D f DD g VV [(F 3 , Y!#M , h VV [(F 3 , i 3 (/ )(, , 3 # I !( !M 30)# 3 )-- #) , VV [(F 3 , j./ kkl )(, Q )#3 !M 3 #F - m Z .3 )(, Z [3 )H)#, , -) (,)# )# !M # # ' )# M!#M , n . ! 0 # Z .3 )(, Z [3 # ') ! 3 )(, (/ )(, -!( ! F 3 )(, 30)# 3 H I , 3 # I , 0 ! 0 #H 3 )11 -)I F 3 (/ ,) b A #) O H F 3 o (3 ' 3 !F # 0# V )# 1 # !,O !# )--!#, (/ ! 3 -0 ! 0 # F 3 (/ 3-0 , 31 - M , 0 .H)#, , R ! # # ' ) +!(, - ./# ' )(, 0 +!'1 !# 2 3 1!3 , !( 456789 : ? @ A => B C E @ . -!'1 (3) !( # -!F # !# G- )HI)-JK 1! - )11 3 ! .H)#,3 /#)( , ! L - F !M - #3 !( !# )M # N)( )# O PQ ? S C = A D T )3 # M # ! 0 U# ' !M 2!(/VU #' W(- F .H)#,3 M!# X'1 ! 3 U#)(3M ## (/ ! .' # 1# 3 Y ()(- Y#)(-0 3 .,F 3!# 3 M! (, !( 456789 M!# '!3 # - (M!#') !( c ? C g .I! 0 3 , U0 3 , 3 3 M!# 0 0 #'3O -!(, !(3 )(, M # 3 !M .H)#,3 /#)( , 1 #3 )( ! 0 T )(R W( 0 F !M -!(M - !# (-!(3 3 (- I H 0 3 , )(, 0 T )(O 0 T )( 1#!F 3 !(3 H /!F #(R U0 / #) () # !M 0 T )( )(, 3 

! # ! ! ! ' () +,-./01 234,0561 745 2 /6 -.6,1 2 3, 8,02763 3) 94 . 42,0/6 3/: 7 239,02 ,4 9227 2 4 5/4;905 3) 94 2 ,4 3) 94 ./43989./39,0 90 3) @6/0 A B # D ' ! # E F # # ! ! D ' G H ' H I # D ' JK KLL LLL D ' M N OL PL K K JLL LLL Q R # # D ' S! D ' ' ! D ' # ! O LLL LLL D ' T # ! UOL LLL LLL ! 

# ! ! ' + ! ,- +) ! + . . ' /. / 01 ! 2 3 ' 4 5 5 3 + + 3 6 3 3 3 3 3 . 3 3 7 3 8 / 01 4 4 4 

! ! # '( '( ' '( '( '( ' !)' ' + , - . , ! / !)' 0 1 2 345678945 ' - ; ' 2 ? @; ' AB C + ' 0 11 ' 0 (/ 112D2 E ? ? B ? B 

! # # # # #' +# # # ,-. /012 34 5627893: 2> ?3:8=@8A2 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-13>
 3
 exhibit13-12312022.htm
 EX-13

exhibit13-12312022 

</EX-13>

<EX-21>
 4
 exhibit21-ampxx12312022.htm
 EX-21

Document 
 
 Exhibit 21 

The table below is a list of certain direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Parent as of December 31, 2022, and the state or jurisdiction in which the subsidiaries are organized. Pursuant to Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S-K, certain subsidiaries of the Parent have been omitted from this list because, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, such subsidiaries would not constitute a significant subsidiary as that term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X. 
 
 Subsidiary Name Incorp State 
 Ameriprise Certificate Company DE 
 Ameriprise Bank, FSB Federal 
 AMPF Holding, LLC MI 
 American Enterprise Investment Services Inc. MN 
 Ameriprise Financial Services, LLC. DE 
 Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC MN 
 RiverSource Life Insurance Company MN 
 RiverSource Life Insurance Co. of New York NY 
 
 E-4 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 exhibit23-12312022.htm
 EX-23

exhibit23-12312022 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-253603) and on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-128789, 333-195690, 333-128790, 333-156074, 333-128791, 333-150677, 333-181008, 333- 219786, 333-156075, 333-159025, and 333-238913) of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. of our report dated February 23, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedules and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Minneapolis, Minnesota February 23, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 6
 exhibit24-12312022.htm
 EX-24

exhibit24-12312022 

Exhibit 24 POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned Director and/or Officer of Ameriprise Financial, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), hereby makes, constitutes and appoints James M. Cracchiolo, Walter S. Berman and Heather J. Melloh, and each of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as such director and/or officer of the Company to (1) an Annual Report on Form 10-K be filed by the Company pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any and all exhibits, schedules, certifications, and supporting documents, including the Form 11-K Annual Reports of the Company s 401(k) Plan and similar plans and (2) one or more Registration Statements on Form S- 3, Form S-8 or other applicable forms to be filed by the Company pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any and all exhibits, schedules, certifications, and supporting documents, in each case together with any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments), supplements and corrections thereto, and to file the same, and other documents and instruments in connection herewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys- in-fact, and any of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. The undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of this 12th day of January, 2023. /s/ Dianne Neal Blixt Dianne Neal Blixt 

Exhibit 24 POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned Director and/or Officer of Ameriprise Financial, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), hereby makes, constitutes and appoints James M. Cracchiolo, Walter S. Berman and Heather J. Melloh, and each of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as such director and/or officer of the Company to (1) an Annual Report on Form 10-K be filed by the Company pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any and all exhibits, schedules, certifications, and supporting documents, including the Form 11-K Annual Reports of the Company s 401(k) Plan and similar plans and (2) one or more Registration Statements on Form S- 3, Form S-8 or other applicable forms to be filed by the Company pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any and all exhibits, schedules, certifications, and supporting documents, in each case together with any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments), supplements and corrections thereto, and to file the same, and other documents and instruments in connection herewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys- in-fact, and any of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. The undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of this 6th day of January, 2023. /s/ Amy DiGeso Amy DiGeso 

Exhibit 24 POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned Director and/or Officer of Ameriprise Financial, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), hereby makes, constitutes and appoints James M. Cracchiolo, Walter S. Berman and Heather J. Melloh, and each of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as such director and/or officer of the Company to (1) an Annual Report on Form 10-K be filed by the Company pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any and all exhibits, schedules, certifications, and supporting documents, including the Form 11-K Annual Reports of the Company s 401(k) Plan and similar plans and (2) one or more Registration Statements on Form S- 3, Form S-8 or other applicable forms to be filed by the Company pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any and all exhibits, schedules, certifications, and supporting documents, in each case together with any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments), supplements and corrections thereto, and to file the same, and other documents and instruments in connection herewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys- in-fact, and any of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. The undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of this 12th day of January, 2023. /s/ Armando Pimentel, Jr. Armando Pimentel, Jr. 

Exhibit 24 POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned Director and/or Officer of Ameriprise Financial, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), hereby makes, constitutes and appoints James M. Cracchiolo, Walter S. Berman and Heather J. Melloh, and each of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as such director and/or officer of the Company to (1) an Annual Report on Form 10-K be filed by the Company pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any and all exhibits, schedules, certifications, and supporting documents, including the Form 11-K Annual Reports of the Company s 401(k) Plan and similar plans and (2) one or more Registration Statements on Form S- 3, Form S-8 or other applicable forms to be filed by the Company pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any and all exhibits, schedules, certifications, and supporting documents, in each case together with any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments), supplements and corrections thereto, and to file the same, and other documents and instruments in connection herewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys- in-fact, and any of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. The undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of this 9th day of January, 2023. /s/ Robert F. Sharpe Jr. Robert F. Sharpe Jr. 

Exhibit 24 POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned Director and/or Officer of Ameriprise Financial, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), hereby makes, constitutes and appoints James M. Cracchiolo, Walter S. Berman and Heather J. Melloh, and each of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as such director and/or officer of the Company to (1) an Annual Report on Form 10-K be filed by the Company pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any and all exhibits, schedules, certifications, and supporting documents, including the Form 11-K Annual Reports of the Company s 401(k) Plan and similar plans and (2) one or more Registration Statements on Form S- 3, Form S-8 or other applicable forms to be filed by the Company pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any and all exhibits, schedules, certifications, and supporting documents, in each case together with any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments), supplements and corrections thereto, and to file the same, and other documents and instruments in connection herewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys- in-fact, and any of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. The undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of this 9th day of January, 2023. /s/ Brian T. Shea Brian T. Shea 

Exhibit 24 POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned Director and/or Officer of Ameriprise Financial, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), hereby makes, constitutes and appoints James M. Cracchiolo, Walter S. Berman and Heather J. Melloh, and each of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as such director and/or officer of the Company to (1) an Annual Report on Form 10-K be filed by the Company pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any and all exhibits, schedules, certifications, and supporting documents, including the Form 11-K Annual Reports of the Company s 401(k) Plan and similar plans and (2) one or more Registration Statements on Form S- 3, Form S-8 or other applicable forms to be filed by the Company pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any and all exhibits, schedules, certifications, and supporting documents, in each case together with any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments), supplements and corrections thereto, and to file the same, and other documents and instruments in connection herewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys- in-fact, and any of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. The undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of this 6th day of January, 2023. /s/ W. Edward Walter III W. Edward Walter III 

Exhibit 24 POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned Director and/or Officer of Ameriprise Financial, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), hereby makes, constitutes and appoints James M. Cracchiolo, Walter S. Berman and Heather J. Melloh, and each of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as such director and/or officer of the Company to (1) an Annual Report on Form 10-K be filed by the Company pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any and all exhibits, schedules, certifications, and supporting documents, including the Form 11-K Annual Reports of the Company s 401(k) Plan and similar plans and (2) one or more Registration Statements on Form S- 3, Form S-8 or other applicable forms to be filed by the Company pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any and all exhibits, schedules, certifications, and supporting documents, in each case together with any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments), supplements and corrections thereto, and to file the same, and other documents and instruments in connection herewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys- in-fact, and any of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. The undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of this 13th day of January, 2023. /s/ Christopher J. Williams Christopher J. Williams 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 exhibit311-ampxx12312022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL, INC. 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, James M. Cracchiolo, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 By s James M. Cracchiolo James M. Cracchiolo Chief Executive Officer 

E-5 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 exhibit312-ampxx12312022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL, INC. 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Walter S. Berman, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 23, 2023 By s Walter S. Berman Walter S. Berman Chief Financial Officer 

E-6 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 9
 exhibit32-ampxx12312022.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL, INC. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), James M. Cracchiolo, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Walter S. Berman as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 By s James M. Cracchiolo James M. Cracchiolo Chief Executive Officer 
 Date February 23, 2023 By s Walter S. Berman Walter S. Berman Chief Financial Officer 

E-7 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 amp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 amp-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 amp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 amp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 amp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

