<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1500305_0001493152-23-010392.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6106880</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>185268</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1301768</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2231856</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1022101</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1210689</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010392.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331170511
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010392
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sustainable Projects Group Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001500305
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				815445107
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54875
		FILM NUMBER:		23789007

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2316 PINE RIDGE ROAD, 383
		CITY:			NAPLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34109
		BUSINESS PHONE:		239-316-4593

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2316 PINE RIDGE ROAD, 383
		CITY:			NAPLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34109

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sustainable Petroleum Group Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161219

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Blue Spa Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100831

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010392.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

United
states 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

Annual
 report pursuant to section 13 Or 15( d of the securities exchange act of 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

transition
 report pursuant to section 13 Or 15( d of the securities exchange act of 1934 

For
the transition period from ___________ to __________________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: - 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common
 stock - 0.0001 par value 
 
 (Title
 of Class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Larger
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

Yes 

As
of June 30, 2022, the last day of the registrant s second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s
common stock, 0.0001 par value, held by non-affiliates, computed by reference to the price at which the common stock was last sold prior
to June 30, 2022 was approximately . For purposes of the above statement only, all directors, executive officers and 10 shareholders
are assumed to be affiliates. 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date. 

Class 
 
 Outstanding
 at March 30, 2023 
 
 Common
 stock - 0.0001 par value 

Documents
incorporated by reference 

Forward
Looking Statements 

Cautionary
Language Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Industry Data 

This
report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that
involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. Our actual results could differ materially and adversely from
those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including those set forth in this report. Important
factors that may cause actual results to differ from projections include, but are not limited to, for example: 

changes
 in economic and business conditions; 

our
 limited operating history in the lithium industry; 

availability
 of raw materials; 

increases
 in the cost of raw materials and energy; 

the
 pace of adoption and cost of developing electric transportation and storage technologies dependent upon lithium batteries; 

estimates
 of and volatility in lithium prices or demand for lithium; 

changes
 in our market in general; 

the
 occurrence of regulatory actions, proceedings, claims or litigation; 

changes
 in laws and government regulations impacting our operations; 

the
 effects of climate change, including any regulatory changes to which we might be subject; 

hazards
 associated with chemicals manufacturing; 

changes
 in accounting standards; 

our
 ability to access capital and the financial markets; 

volatility
 and uncertainties in the debt and equity markets; 

the
 development of an active trading market for our common stock; 

the
 occurrence of cyber-security breaches, terrorist attacks, industrial accidents or natural disasters; 

technology
 or intellectual property infringement, including through cyber-security breaches, and other innovation risks; 

recruiting,
 training and developing employees; 

our
 failure to successfully execute our growth strategy, including any delays in our future growth; 

decisions
 we may make in the future; 

uncertainties
 as to the duration and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; and 

other
 specific risks that may be referred to in this report. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 2 

All
statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this report regarding our strategy, future operations, financial position,
estimated revenue or losses, projected costs, prospects and plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. When used
in this report, the words will, may, believe, anticipate, intend, 
 estimate, expect, project, plan, and similar expressions are intended to identify
forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. All forward-looking statements
speak only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or other information contained
herein. Stockholders and potential investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Although we believe
that our plans, intentions, and expectations reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements in this report are reasonable,
we cannot assure stockholders and potential investors that these plans, intentions, or expectations will be achieved. We disclose important
factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors 
and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These cautionary statements qualify all forward-looking statements attributable to
us or persons acting on our behalf. 

Information
regarding market and industry statistics contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is included based on information available to us
that we believe is accurate. It is generally based on publications that are not produced for purposes of securities offerings or economic
analysis. Forecasts and other forward-looking information obtained from these sources are subject to the same qualifications and the
additional uncertainties accompanying any estimates of future market size, revenue and market acceptance of products and services. We
have no obligation to update forward-looking information to reflect actual results or changes in assumptions or other factors that could
affect those statements, except as required by federal securities laws. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors for a more detailed
discussion of uncertainties and risks that may have an impact on our future results. 

part
I 

Item
1. Business. 

Overview 

Sustainable
Projects Group Inc. SPGX, we, us, our or the Company is a pure-play
lithium company focused on supplying high performance lithium compounds to the fast-growing electric vehicle EV and broader
battery markets. We have developed a proprietary technology to extract lithium from oilfield wastewater, which we believe will enable
us to manufacture lithium compounds quickly, at an attractive cost, and with a minimal environmental footprint, which we expect to provide
us with a competitive advantage over other lithium manufacturers. We believe this competitive advantage will enable us to capitalize
on the acceleration of vehicle electrification and renewable energy adoption. 

We
plan to establish our first lithium carbonate manufacturing facility in 2023, which we anticipate will be capable of manufacturing up
to 1,000 metric tons of lithium carbonate equivalent LCE ), and we plan to begin manufacturing battery-grade lithium compounds
at such facility in the first half of 2024. 

On
February 14, 2023, SPGX entered into a Securities Exchange Agreement (the Agreement with Lithium Harvest ApS, a Denmark
private limited liability company Lithium Harvest ), and all of the shareholders of Lithium Harvest (the Shareholders ).
 Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of capital
stock of Lithium Harvest in exchange for issuing to the Shareholders 206,667,233 shares of SPGX s common stock (the Exchange
Transaction ). The Exchange Transaction closed on February 14, 2023. 

Prior to the Exchange Transaction,
SPGX was a business development company engaged in project development and holdings through value-based investments and collaborative
partnerships, including a joint venture relationship with Hero Wellness Systems Inc. Hero Wellness and a purchase agreement
with the inventors of the Soy-yer Dough product line. During September 2022, SPGX decided to exit the joint venture with Hero Wellness,
and following the Exchange Transaction, SPGX has not made concrete plans on expansion of the Soy-yer Dough project. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 3 

Our
Technology and Products 

Direct
Lithium Extraction Technology . Our Direct Lithium Extraction DLE technology enables us to extract and
manufacture lithium compounds from oilfield wastewater in a few hours. Competing technologies typically extract and manufacture lithium
compounds from brine or hard rock through processes that take up to two to three years. Our DLE technology also allows us to adjust production
according to customer needs, which we believe puts us in a favorable position to meet growing demand. 

Lithium
Carbonate and Lithium Hydroxide . We plan to produce battery-grade lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide for use in high
performance lithium-ion batteries for EVs and broader battery markets. We plan to produce both standardized and customer specific compounds. 

Our
Growth Strategy 

To
fully capitalize on the growing demand for lithium compounds, our growth strategy will involve continued investment in manufacturing
facilities, research and development, and our people. Essential features of our growth strategy include: 

Build
 and expand manufacturing capacities . We plan to establish our first lithium carbonate manufacturing facility in 2023, which
 we anticipate will be capable of manufacturing up to 1,000 metric tons of LCE, and we plan to begin manufacturing battery-grade lithium
 compounds at such facility in the first half of 2024. We plan to continue to invest in manufacturing capacity and aim to have a total
 manufacturing capacity in excess of 6,000 metric tons of LCE by the end of 2026. 

Enter
 new geographic areas and expand North American operations . We believe that U.S. and international governments will increasingly
 support the local and sustainable production of critical minerals, including lithium compounds, for the green energy transition.
 Our first lithium carbonate manufacturing facility is planned to be established in Texas, and we intend to continue to expand our
 operations in North America in the near term, and eventually expand to Europe. 

Continued
 investment in research and development and the expansion of our product portfolio . We believe that the continued evolution
 of battery technologies will require new forms of lithium to be produced. To ensure that we are well-positioned to develop new products
 to keep pace with the evolving battery technology industry, we plan to continue to focus and invest in research and development.
 Further, we plan to utilize our proprietary technology to expand our product portfolio to also include nickel, magnesium and vanadium. 

Focus
 on sustainability . We believe that lithium will continue to be an important component of the green energy transition. Likewise,
 we believe that there will be a continued and increased focus on responsible lithium production and the Environmental, Social and
 Governance issues and concerns related to the production of lithium. Operating in a socially conscious, ethical, safe and sustainable
 manner is reflected in our core values. Further, we believe that our DLE technology has the lowest environmental footprint of any
 lithium extraction technology in the industry. We believe that our sustainable extraction technology and our local manufacturing
 will differentiate us from our competitors and help us build important strategic relationships with customers and other stakeholders. 

Invest
 in our people. Our business depends on highly specialized research scientists, engineers, a technical sales force and experienced
 management. We are committed to investing in our people through training and development. We aim to attract and retain talent by
 cultivating an inclusive and positive working environment that creates and supports diversity and provides equal opportunity and
 fairness in our management systems. 

Competitive
Strengths 

We
believe the following strengths underpin our ability to grow our business and profitability: 

Direct
 Lithium Extraction . Our DLE technology enables us to extract and manufacture lithium compounds from oilfield wastewater in
 a few hours. Competing technologies typically extract and manufacture lithium compounds from brine and hard rock through a process
 that takes up to two to three years. Our DLE technology also allows us to adjust production according to customer needs, which we
 believe puts us in a favorable position to meet growing demand. 

Stable
 and readily available lithium feedstock . We use our DLE technology to produce high performance lithium compounds from oilfield
 wastewater (also referred to as produced water ). The global oil and gas industry produces more than 250 million barrels
 of produced water per day, which will provide a stable supply of lithium feedstock. Further, our DLE technology does not require
 us to acquire land and obtain drilling permits, which we believe will allow us to establish new lithium operations and ramp production
 much quicker than our competitors. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 4 

Low
 capital expenditure . Because our DLE technology does not require us to acquire land and obtain drilling permits, we believe
 that we can establish lithium operations at a lower cost than our competitors. 

Low
 operating expenses . We believe that our operating expenses will be competitive with any other technology used in the industry.
 Our manufacturing facilities will use a high degree of automation, which we expect to lower our operating expenses. Our lithium compounds
 are produced from a waste product and will be extracted, refined and packaged in the same facility, which we believe will lower our
 costs for transportation. 

Local
 manufacturing . We plan to produce our products as close to our customers as possible. We believe that governments will be
 increasingly focused on the local supply of critical minerals, and recent regulatory developments in our geographical focus areas
 strongly incentivize battery and vehicle manufacturers to source locally produced lithium products. 

Sustainable
 production . We produce our lithium compounds from oilfield wastewater. More than 90 of all water used in our production
 is cleaned and reused. We believe that we will have the lowest environmental footprint in the industry, and we believe that customers
 and end-users will be increasingly focused on sustainable manufacturing of battery materials. We believe that our low environmental
 footprint will position us favorably against competitors using more traditional lithium extraction technologies. 

Our
Market 

The
market for battery grade lithium compounds is global, and we plan to sell our products worldwide. Based on estimates by Benchmark Minerals,
lithium demand is forecasted to rise from 350,000 tons in 2020 to 2.5 million tons in 2030 and over 7 million tons in 2040, with a positive
long-term price trend estimate of 15,000 per ton for battery-grade Lithium Carbonate and Lithium Hydroxide from 2025 to 2040. We believe
that the continued electrification of transportation and transition to renewable energy sources will support continued significant growth
in demand for lithium compounds over the next decade. 

Raw
Materials 

Lithium 

We
produce our lithium products from oilfield wastewater. The annual global production of produced water is more than 250 million barrels
per day. The U.S. production of produced water is more than 50 million barrels per day. Not all produced water is suitable for lithium
production, but we estimate that the current U.S. production of produced water is sufficient to produce more than 500,000 metric tons
of LCE annually. 

We
plan to enter into long-term supply agreements with oil and gas companies and service providers for the supply of produced water. 

Water 

All
fresh water used in our production will be reused water from the production of oil and natural gas. We do not require any additional
fresh water supplies. 

Energy 

Our
production relies on a steady source of energy. We expect to use solar energy to the extent possible, but we will require an external
supply of energy for our equipment. 

Other
raw materials 

We
use a range of raw materials and chemicals intermediates in our production processes. We generally expect to satisfy our requirements
through spot purchases but likely will rely on medium-to-long-term agreements for the supply of certain raw materials. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 5 

Generally,
we are not expecting supply chain constraints, but temporary shortages of certain raw materials may occur and cause temporary price increases.
During periods of high demand, our raw materials are subject to significant price fluctuations that may have an adverse impact on our
results of operations. In addition, there could be inflationary pressure on the costs of raw materials. 

Competition 

Our
products will compete with other lithium compounds available in the market. Many of our competitors are large companies with long-term
experience in the industry. The market for battery grade lithium compounds faces barriers to entry, including access to a stable and
sufficient supply of lithium feedstock, the ability to produce a sufficient quality and quantity of lithium, technical know-how, and
sufficient lead time to develop new lithium mining projects. We believe that our DLE technology enables us to produce high quality products
quickly, at an attractive cost, and with a minimal environmental footprint, which we believe will differentiate us from our competitors.
We intend to continue to invest in research and development to further improve our products, develop new products, and build market share. 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
success depends in part upon our ability to protect and use our DLE technology and the intellectual property rights related to our DLE
technology. On December 15, 2022 we received an Intention to Grant notification from the Danish Patent and Trademark Office.
We expect the Danish patent to be granted in the first quarter of 2023. Further, we have a pending application for a U.S. patent. If
granted, these patents will expire in 2042. 

Customers 

We
intend to sell our products to customers in the EV and broader battery markets, and plan to initially sell lithium locally to customers
in the regions close to our manufacturing facilities. 

Sales
and Marketing 

We
intend to initially sell our products directly to customers in the U.S. and anticipate that we will subsequently sell our products to
customers throughout North America, Asia and Europe. 

Manufacturing 

We
intend to manufacture the lithium compounds we extract at our own facilities. We intend to construct our first commercial manufacturing
facility in 2023. 

Research
and Development 

We
conduct research and development to optimize our DLE technology and our lithium products and to develop new product candidates and technologies. 

Seasonality 

Our
operations are generally not impacted by seasonality. However, production is expected to be marginally lower during the summer due to
the U.S. vacation season. 

Government
Controls and Regulations 

We
are subject to and will incur capital and operating costs to comply with U.S. federal, state and local environmental, health and safety
laws and regulations, including those governing employee health and safety, the composition of our products, the discharge of pollutants
into the air and water, and the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes. 

In
June 2016, modifications to the Toxic Substances Control Act in the United States were signed into law, requiring chemicals to be assessed
against a risk-based safety standard and for the elimination of unreasonable risks identified during risk evaluation. Other initiatives
in Asia and potentially in other regions will require toxicological testing and risk assessments of a wide variety of chemicals, including
chemicals used or produced by us. These assessments may result in heightened concerns about the chemicals involved and additional requirements
being placed on the production, handling, labeling or use of the subject chemicals. Such concerns and additional requirements could also
increase the cost incurred by our customers to use our chemical products and otherwise limit the use of these products, which could lead
to a decrease in demand for these products. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 6 

To
the extent we manufacture or import products into the European Union EU or downstream users of our products are located
in the EU, we may be subject to the European Community Regulation for the Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of
Chemicals REACH ). REACH imposes obligations on EU manufacturers and importers of chemicals and other products into the
EU to compile and file comprehensive reports, including testing data, on each chemical substance, and perform chemical safety assessments.
Currently, certain lithium products are undergoing a risk assessment review under REACH, which may eventually result in restrictions
in the handling or use of lithium carbonate and other lithium products that we produce, which may increase our production costs. In addition,
REACH regulations impose significant additional responsibilities and costs on chemical producers, importers, downstream users of chemical
substances and preparations, and the entire supply chain. REACH, if applicable to the sale or manufacture of our products, may lead to
increases in the costs of raw materials we may purchase and the products we may sell in the EU, which could increase the costs of our
products and result in a decrease in their overall demand. 

We
use and generate hazardous substances and wastes in our operations and may become subject to claims and substantial liability for personal
injury, property damage, wrongful death, loss of production, pollution and other environmental damages relating to the release of such
substances into the environment. Depending on the frequency and severity of such incidents, it is possible that the Company s revenues,
operating costs, insurability and relationships with customers, employees and regulators could be impaired. 

Human
Capital Management 

We
had eight full-time employees as of March 1, 2023. None of our employees are represented by a labor organization or are a party to
a collective bargaining arrangement. We have not experienced any work stoppages, and we consider our relations with our employees to
be good. 

Available
Information 

We file Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current
Reports on Form 8-K, proxy and information statements and other reports required by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Reports, proxy and information statements and
other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC are available to the public free of charge on the SEC s
website at www.sec.gov. 

In
addition, we voluntarily send an annual report to our stockholders. This report includes audited financial statements and other information
about our company s performance, operations, and strategies. Stockholders can elect to receive this report in electronic form by
visiting our Investor Relations website at www.spgroupe.com or by contacting our Investor Relations department at info@spgroupe.com .
Information contained on our website is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the inclusion of our website address
is an inactive textual reference only. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

Risk
Factors 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

Demand
and market prices for lithium will greatly affect the value of our investment in our lithium projects and our ability to develop them
successfully. 

The
prices of commodities vary on a daily basis. Price volatility could have dramatic effects on the results of operations and our ability
to execute our business plan. The price of lithium materials may also be reduced by the discovery of new lithium deposits and production
methods, which could not only increase the overall supply of lithium (causing downward pressure on its price), but could draw new firms
into the lithium industry that could compete with us. Even if commercial quantities of lithium are produced by us, there is no guarantee
that a profitable market will exist for the sale of the lithium. The development of our projects will be significantly affected by changes
in the market price of lithium-based end products, such as lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide. Factors beyond our control may affect
the marketability of any lithium produced. The prices of various metals have experienced significant movement over short periods of time
and are affected by numerous factors beyond our control, including international economic and political trends, expectations of inflation,
currency exchange fluctuations, interest rates and global or regional consumption patterns, speculative activities and increased production
due to improved mining and production methods. The supply of and demand for lithium is affected by various factors, including, among
others, political events, economic conditions and production costs in major producing regions. Furthermore, the price of lithium products
is significantly affected by their purity and performance, and by the specifications of end-user battery manufacturers. If the products
produced from our projects do not meet battery-grade quality and/or do not meet customer specifications, pricing will be reduced from
that expected for battery-grade product. In turn, the availability of customers may also decrease. We may not be able to effectively
mitigate against pricing risks for our products. Depressed pricing for our products will affect the level of revenues expected to be
generated by us, which in turn could affect our value, share price and the potential value of our properties. There can be no assurance
that the price of lithium will be such that it can be produced at a profit. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 7 

Competition
within our industry may adversely affect our businesses and results of operations. 

We
face strong competition from companies in connection with the production of lithium. Many of these companies have greater financial resources,
operational experience and technical capabilities than us, and as a result, our competitors may be able to produce and sell lithium at
a lower cost than us. Consequently, our prospects, revenues, operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

The
development of non-lithium battery technologies could adversely affect us. 

The
development and adoption of new battery technologies that rely on inputs other than lithium compounds could significantly impact our
prospects and future revenues. While current and next generation high energy density batteries for use in EVs rely on lithium compounds
as a critical input, alternative materials and technologies are being researched with the goal of making batteries lighter, more efficient,
faster charging and less expensive, and some of these technologies could be less reliant on lithium compounds. We cannot predict which
new technologies may ultimately prove to be commercially viable and on what time horizon, but commercialized battery technologies that
use no, or significantly less, lithium could materially and adversely impact our prospects and future revenues. 

There
is risk to the growth of lithium markets. 

Our
lithium business is significantly dependent on the continued growth in demand for lithium batteries for EVs and energy storage. To the
extent that such development, adoption and growth do not occur in the volume and/or manner that we contemplate, including for reasons
described under the heading The development of non-lithium battery technologies could adversely affect us above, the long-term
growth in the markets for lithium products may be adversely affected, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and operating results. 

Our
business is subject to hazards common to chemical and natural resource extraction businesses, any of which could injure our employees
or other persons, damage our facilities or other properties, interrupt our production and adversely affect our reputation and results
of operations. 

Our
business is subject to hazards common to chemical manufacturing, storage, handling and transportation, as well as natural resource extraction,
including explosions, fires, severe weather, natural disasters, mechanical failure, unscheduled downtime, transportation interruptions,
remediation, chemical spills, discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases and other risks. These hazards can cause
personal injury and loss of life to our employees and other persons, severe damage to, or destruction of, property and equipment and
environmental contamination. In addition, the occurrence of disruptions, shutdowns or other material operating problems at our facilities
due to any of these hazards may diminish our ability to meet our output goals. Accordingly, these hazards and their consequences could
adversely affect our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our operations as a whole, including our results of operations
and cash flows, both during and after the period of operational difficulties. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 8 

Our
business is subject to a number of operational risks. 

We
are subject to a number of operational risks and may not be adequately insured for certain risks, including, among others, environmental
contamination, liabilities arising from historic operations, accidents or spills, industrial and transportation accidents, which may
involve hazardous materials, labor disputes, catastrophic accidents, fires, blockades or other acts of social activism, changes in the
regulatory environment, the impact of non-compliance with laws and regulations, natural phenomena such as inclement weather conditions,
floods, earthquakes, ground movements, cave-ins, and encountering unusual or unexpected geological conditions and technological failure
of exploration methods. 

There
is no assurance that the foregoing risks and hazards will not result in damage to, or destruction of, our property, personal injury or
death, environmental damage, increased costs, monetary losses and potential legal liability and adverse governmental action. These factors
could all have an adverse impact on our future cash flows, earnings, results of operations and financial condition. 

The
resource extraction business is cyclical in nature. 

The
resource extraction business and the marketability of the products it produces are affected by worldwide economic cycles. At the present
time, the significant demand for lithium and other commodities in many countries is driving increased prices, but it is difficult to
assess how long such demand may continue. Fluctuations in supply and demand of resources in various regions throughout the world are
common. 

As
our business is in the development stage and as we do not carry on commercial-scale production activities, our ability to fund ongoing
development is affected by the availability of financing which is, in turn, affected by the strength of the economy and other general
economic factors. 

Electronic
vehicle regulations and economic incentives may impact our business. 

Demand
for lithium-based end products, such as lithium-ion batteries for use in EVs, may be impacted by changes to government regulation and
economic incentives. Government and economic incentives that support the development and adoption of EVs in the U.S. and abroad, including
certain tax exemptions, tax credits and rebates, may be reduced, eliminated or exhausted from time to time. For example, previously available
incentives favoring EVs in areas including Canada, Germany, Hong Kong, and California have expired or were cancelled or made temporarily
unavailable, and in some cases were not replaced or reinstituted. Any similar developments could have a negative impact on overall prospects
for growth of the lithium market and pricing, which in turn could have a negative effect on us and our projects. 

Our
business depends on adequate infrastructure. 

Resource
extraction activities depend on adequate infrastructure. Reliable roads, bridges, and power sources are important determinants which
affect capital and operating costs. Unusual or infrequent weather phenomena, sabotage, or community, government or other interference
in the maintenance or provision of such infrastructure could adversely affect our operations, financial condition and results of operations. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 9 

Fluctuating
construction costs can impact our business. 

As
a result of the substantial expenditures involved in resource extraction development projects, developments are prone to material cost
overruns versus budget. The capital expenditures and time required to develop new projects are considerable and changes in cost or construction
schedules can significantly increase both the time and capital required to build the project. 

Construction
costs and timelines can be impacted by a wide variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These include, but are not limited
to, weather conditions, ground conditions, availability of material required for construction, availability and performance of contractors
and suppliers, inflation, delivery and installation of equipment, design changes, accuracy of estimates and availability of accommodations
for the workforce. 

Project
development schedules are also dependent on obtaining the governmental approvals necessary for the operation of a project. The timeline
to obtain these government approvals is often beyond our control. 

Our
business could be adversely affected by environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. 

The
nature of our business exposes us to risks of liability under environmental laws and regulations due to the production, storage, use,
transportation and sale of materials that can cause contamination or personal injury if released into the environment. In the jurisdictions
in which we operate, or will operate, we are or will be subject to numerous U.S. and non-U.S. national, federal, state and local environmental,
health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management
and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the cleanup of contaminated properties. Liabilities associated with the investigation
and cleanup of hazardous substances, as well as personal injury, property damages or natural resource damages arising from the release
of, or exposure to, such hazardous substances may be imposed in many situations without regard to violations of laws or regulations or
other fault, and may also be imposed jointly and severally (so that a responsible party may be held liable for more than its share of
the losses involved, or even the entire loss). Such liabilities may also be imposed on many different entities, including, for example,
current and prior property owners or operators, as well as entities that arranged for the disposal of the hazardous substances. Such
liabilities may be material and can be difficult to identify or quantify. 

Further,
some of the raw materials we handle are subject to government regulation. These regulations affect the manufacturing processes, handling,
uses and applications of our products. In addition, our production facilities require numerous operating permits. Due to the nature of
these requirements and changes in our operations, our operations may exceed limits under permits or we may not have the proper permits
to conduct our operations. Ongoing compliance with such laws, regulations and permits is an important consideration for us, and we expect
to incur substantial capital and operating costs in our compliance efforts. Compliance with environmental laws generally increases the
costs of manufacturing, registration/approval requirements, transportation and storage of raw materials and finished products, and storage
and disposal of wastes, and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We may incur substantial costs, including
fines, damages, criminal or civil sanctions and remediation costs, or experience interruptions in our operations, for violations arising
under these laws or permit requirements. Furthermore, environmental laws are subject to change and have become increasingly stringent
in recent years. We expect this trend to continue and to require materially increased capital expenditures and operating and compliance
costs. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 10 

We
are subject to extensive foreign government regulation that can negatively impact our business. 

We
are subject to government regulation in non-U.S. jurisdictions in which we conduct our business, including Denmark, among others. These
jurisdictions may have different tax codes, environmental regulations, labor codes and legal frameworks, which add complexity to our
compliance with these regulations. The requirements for compliance with these laws and regulations may be unclear or indeterminate and
may involve significant costs, including additional capital expenditures or increased operating expenses, or require changes in business
practice, in each case that could result in reduced profitability for our business. Our having to comply with these foreign laws or regulations
may provide a competitive advantage to competitors who are not subject to comparable restrictions or prevent us from taking advantage
of growth opportunities. Determination of noncompliance can result in penalties or sanctions that could also adversely impact our operating
results and financial condition. 

Our
inability to protect our intellectual property rights, or being accused of infringing on intellectual property rights of third parties ,
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
rely on the ability to protect our intellectual property rights and depend on patent, trademark and trade secret legislation to protect
our proprietary know-how. There can be no assurance that we have adequately protected or will be able to adequately protect our valuable
intellectual property rights, or will at all times have access to all intellectual property rights that are required to conduct our business
or pursue our strategies, or that we will be able to adequately protect ourselves against any intellectual property infringement claims.
There is also a risk that our competitors could independently develop similar technology, processes or know-how; that our trade secrets
could be revealed to third parties; that any current or future patents, pending or granted, will be broad enough to protect our intellectual
property rights; or that foreign intellectual property laws will adequately protect such rights. The inability to protect our intellectual
property could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
could face patent infringement claims from our competitors or others alleging that our processes or products infringe on their proprietary
technologies. If we are found to be infringing on the proprietary technology of others, we may be liable for damages and we may be required
to change our processes, redesign our products partially or completely, pay to use the technology of others, stop using certain technologies
or stop producing the infringing product entirely. Even if we ultimately prevail in an infringement suit, the existence of the suit could
prompt customers to switch to products that are not the subject of infringement suits. We may not prevail in intellectual property litigation
and such litigation may result in significant legal costs or otherwise impede our ability to produce and distribute key products. 

In
addition to patents, we also rely upon unpatented proprietary manufacturing expertise, continuing technological innovation and other
trade secrets to develop and maintain our competitive position. While we generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees
and third parties to protect our intellectual property, we cannot assure you that our confidentiality agreements will not be breached,
that they will provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets and proprietary manufacturing expertise or that adequate remedies
will be available in the event of an unauthorized use or disclosure of our trade secrets or manufacturing expertise. In addition, our
trade secrets and know-how may be improperly obtained by other means, such as a breach of our information technologies security systems
or direct theft. 

If
we are unable to retain key personnel or attract new skilled personnel, it could have an adverse effect on our business. 

Our
success depends on our ability to attract and retain key personnel, including our management team. In light of the specialized and technical
nature of our business, our performance is dependent on the continued service of, and on our ability to attract and retain, qualified
management, scientific, technical, marketing and support personnel. Competition for such personnel is intense, and we may be unable to
continue to attract or retain such personnel. In addition, because of our reliance on our senior management team, the unanticipated departure
of any key member of our management team could have an adverse effect on our business. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability
to identify and develop or recruit talent to succeed our senior management and other key positions throughout the organization. If we
fail to identify and develop or recruit successors, we are at risk of being harmed by the departures of these key employees. Effective
succession planning is also important to our long-term success. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions
involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 11 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Condition 

We will need to raise additional capital to
fund ongoing operations, and such capital raising may be costly or difficult to obtain and could dilute our stockholders ownership
interests. 

In order for us to fund ongoing
operations, we will need to raise additional capital, which additional capital may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. Moreover,
we will need to raise additional funds to accomplish the following: 

construction of our first lithium carbonate manufacturing facility; 

pursuing growth opportunities, including sale of lithium carbonate; 

making capital improvements to improve our infrastructure; 

hiring and retaining qualified management and key employees; 

responding to competitive pressures; 

complying with regulatory requirements such as licensing and registration; and 

maintaining compliance with applicable laws, regulations and auditing and filing requirements. 

Any additional capital raised
through the sale of equity or equity-backed securities may dilute our stockholders ownership percentages and also could result
in a decrease in the market value of our equity securities. 

The terms of any securities issued
by us in future capital transactions may be more favorable to new investors, and may include preferences, superior voting rights and the
issuance of warrants or other derivative securities, which may have a further dilutive effect on the holders of any of our securities
then outstanding. 

In addition, we may incur substantial
costs in pursuing future capital financing, including investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting fees, securities law compliance
fees, printing and distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash expenses in connection with certain
securities we issue, such as convertible notes and warrants, which may adversely impact our financial condition. 

Management has concluded that there is substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm
contains an explanatory paragraph as to our ability to continue as a going concern, which could prevent us from obtaining new
financing on reasonable terms or at all. 

Because we have limited operations
and have sustained operating losses resulting in a deficit, substantial doubt exists regarding our ability to remain as a going concern.
Accordingly, the report of K.R. Margetson Ltd., our independent registered public accounting firm, with respect to our financial statements
as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, includes an explanatory paragraph as to our potential inability to continue as a going concern.
The doubts regarding our potential ability to continue as a going concern may adversely affect our ability to obtain new
financing on reasonable terms or at all. 

We
are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which may adversely affect our operating results. 

We
conduct our business and incur costs in the local currency of most of the countries in which we operate. Changes in exchange rates between
foreign currencies and the U.S. Dollar will affect the recorded levels of our assets, liabilities, net sales, cost of goods sold and
operating margins and could result in exchange losses. The primary currencies to which we have exposure are the Danish Krone and Euro.
Exchange rates between these currencies and the U.S. Dollar in recent years have fluctuated significantly and may do so in the future.
In addition to currency translation risks, we incur currency transaction risks whenever one of our operating subsidiaries enters into
either a purchase or a sales transaction using a different currency from its functional currency. Our operating results may be affected
by any volatility in currency exchange rates and our ability to manage effectively our currency transaction and translation risks. 

Changes
in, or the interpretation of, tax legislation or rates throughout the world could materially impact our results. 

Our
effective tax rate and related tax balance sheet attributes could be impacted by changes in tax legislation throughout the world. 

Our
future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, expirations
of tax holidays or rulings, changes in the assessment regarding the realization of the valuation of deferred tax assets, or changes in
tax laws and regulations or their interpretation. Recent developments, including the European Commission s investigations on illegal
state aid, as well as the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development project on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting, may result
in changes to long-standing tax principles, which could adversely affect our effective tax rates or result in higher cash tax liabilities. 

We
are and will be subject to the regular examination of our income tax returns by various tax authorities. Examinations in material jurisdictions
or changes in laws, rules, regulations or interpretations by local taxing authorities could result in impacts to tax years open under
statute or to foreign operating structures currently in place. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from
these examinations or changes in laws, rules, regulations or interpretations to determine the adequacy of our provision for taxes. It
is possible the outcomes from these examinations will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 12 

Our
required capital expenditures can be complex, may experience delays or other difficulties, and the costs may exceed our estimates. 

Our
capital expenditures generally consist of and will consist of expenditures to maintain and improve existing equipment, facilities and
properties, and substantial investments in new or expanded equipment, facilities and properties. Execution of these capital expenditures
can be complex, and commencement of production will require start-up, commission and certification of product quality by our customers,
which may impact the expected output and timing of sales of product from such facilities. Construction of large chemical operations is
subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, among others, the ability to complete a project on a timely basis and in accordance
with the estimated budget for such project and our ability to estimate future demand for our products. In addition, our returns on these
capital expenditures may not meet our expectations. 

Future
capital expenditures may be significantly higher, depending on the investment requirements of any of our business lines, and may also
vary substantially if we are required to undertake actions to compete with new technologies in our industry. We may not have the capital
necessary to undertake these capital investments. If we are unable to do so, we may not be able to effectively compete in some of our
markets. 

Our
business and financial results may be adversely affected by various legal and regulatory proceedings. 

We
may be involved in legal and regulatory proceedings, which may be material in the future. The outcome of proceedings, lawsuits and claims
may differ from our expectations, leading us to change estimates of liabilities and related insurance receivables. 

Legal
and regulatory proceedings, whether with or without merit, and associated internal investigations, may be time-consuming and expensive
to prosecute, defend or conduct, may divert management s attention and other resources, inhibit our ability to sell our products,
result in adverse judgments for damages, injunctive relief, penalties and fines, and otherwise negatively affect our business. 

Risks
Related to Our Securities 

The
price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly, and this may make it difficult for you to resell the shares of common stock when
you want or at prices you find attractive. 

The
price of our common stock as traded on the OTC Pink marketplace changes frequently. We expect that the market price of our common stock
will continue to fluctuate. Our stock price may fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control.
These factors include, among others: 

actual
 or anticipated announcements of technological innovations; 

actual
 or anticipated changes in laws and governmental regulations; 

disputes
 relating to patents or proprietary rights; 

changes
 in business practices; 

developments
 relating to our efforts to obtain additional financing to fund or expand our operations; 

announcements
 by us regarding potential acquisitions and strategic alliances; 

changes
 in industry trends or conditions; 

our
 issuance of additional debt or equity securities; and 

sales
 of a significant number of our shares of common stock or other securities in the market. 

In
addition, in recent years, the stock market in general has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. This volatility has had
a significant effect on the market price of securities issued by many small-cap companies for reasons often unrelated to their operating
performance. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect our stock price, regardless of our operating results. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 13 

We
are subject to the penny stock rules adopted by the SEC that require brokers to provide extensive disclosure to their customers prior
to executing trades in penny stocks. These disclosure requirements may cause a reduction in the trading activity of our common stock,
which would likely make it difficult for our stockholders to sell their shares. 

Rule
3a51-1 of the Exchange Act establishes the definition of a penny stock, for purposes relevant to us, as any equity security
that has a minimum bid price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to a limited
number of exceptions which are not available to us. This classification would severely and adversely affect any market liquidity for
our common stock. 

For
any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the penny stock rules require that a broker or dealer approve a person s
account for transactions in penny stocks and the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction setting
forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. In order to approve a person s account for transactions in
penny stocks, the broker or dealer must obtain financial information and investment experience and objectives of the person and make
a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and that such person has sufficient knowledge
and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

The
broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to
the penny stock market, which, in highlight form, sets forth: 

the
 basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination, and 

the
 fact that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. 

Disclosure
also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and commissions payable
to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available
to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information
for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 

Because
of these regulations, broker-dealers may not wish to engage in the above-referenced necessary paperwork and disclosures and/or may encounter
difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our common stock, which may affect the ability of stockholders to sell their shares in
any secondary market and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in any secondary market. These additional sales practice
and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our common stock. In addition, the liquidity for our common stock may decrease,
with a corresponding decrease in the price of our common stock. Our common stock, in all probability, will be subject to such penny stock
rules for the foreseeable future and our stockholders will, in all likelihood, find it difficult to sell their common stock. 

Future
sales of our common stock in the public market or the issuance of our common stock or securities convertible into common stock could
depress the price of our common stock. 

Our
Articles of Incorporation authorize our Board to issue shares of our common stock in excess of our current outstanding common stock.
Any additional issuances of any of our authorized but unissued shares will not require the approval of stockholders and may have the
effect of further diluting the equity interest of stockholders. 

We
may issue our common stock in the future for a number of reasons, including to attract and retain key personnel, to lenders, investment
banks or investors in order to achieve more favorable terms from these parties and align their interests with our stockholders, to management
and/or employees to reward performance, to finance our operations and growth strategy, to adjust our ratio of debt to equity, to satisfy
outstanding obligations or for other reasons. If we issue securities, our existing stockholders may experience dilution. Future sales
of our common stock, the perception that such sales could occur or the availability for future sale of shares of our common stock or
securities convertible into or exercisable for our common stock could adversely affect the market prices of our common stock prevailing
from time to time. The sale of shares issued upon the exercise of any derivative securities could also further dilute the holdings of
our then existing stockholders. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 14 

Our
common stock is not currently traded at high volumes, and you may be unable to sell at or near ask prices if you need to sell or liquidate
a substantial number of shares at one time. 

Our
common stock is currently traded, but with very low, if any, volume, based on quotations on the OTC Pink marketplace, meaning that the
number of persons interested in purchasing our common stock at or near bid prices at any given time may be relatively small or non-existent.
This situation is attributable to a number of factors, including the fact that we are a small company which is still relatively unknown
to investors and others in the investment community that generate or influence sales volume, and that even if we came to the attention
of such persons, they tend to be risk-averse and would be reluctant to follow an unproven company such as ours or purchase or recommend
the purchase of our shares until such time as we became more seasoned and viable. In addition, many institutional investors, which account
for significant trading activity, are restricted from investing in stocks that trade below specified prices, have less than specified
market capitalizations or have less than specified trading volume. As a consequence, there may be periods of several days or more when
trading activity in our shares is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a large and steady volume of trading
activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on share price. We cannot give you any assurance that
a broader or more active public trading market for our common stock will develop or be sustained, or that trading levels will be sustained. 

We
face potential restrictions on the use of Rule 144 for the period through February 14, 2024. 

Historically,
the SEC has taken the position that Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), is not
available for the resale of securities initially issued by companies that are, or previously were, blank check companies, to their promoters
or affiliates despite technical compliance with the requirements of Rule 144. The SEC prohibits the use of Rule 144 for resale of securities
issued by shell companies (other than business transaction related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously
a shell company. 

There
can be no assurance that the SEC will not deem us to be a shell company. The SEC has provided an important exception to
this prohibition, however, if the following conditions are met: 

the
 issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the
 issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the
 issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding
 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports;
 and 

at
 least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an
 entity that is not a shell company. 

We
may be considered to be a former shell company, which will limit an investor s ability to sell shares for the one-year
period commencing on February 14, 2023. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 15 

Shares
eligible for future sale may adversely affect the market. 

From
time to time, certain of our stockholders may be eligible to sell all or some of their shares of our common stock by means of ordinary
brokerage transactions in the open market pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, subject to certain limitations as
discussed above under We face potential restrictions on the use of Rule 144 for the period through February 14, 2024. Rule
144 permits, under certain circumstances, the sale of securities, without any limitation, by our stockholders that are non-affiliates
that have satisfied a six-month holding period. Any substantial sale of our common stock pursuant to Rule 144 or pursuant to any resale
prospectus may have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 

Our
directors, executive officers and controlling persons as a group have significant voting power and may take actions that may not be in
the best interest of stockholders. 

Our
directors, executive officers and controlling persons as a group beneficially own approximately 97 of our common stock. They will
have the ability to exert substantial influence over all matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of directors
and any proposed merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. In addition, they could dictate the management
of our business and affairs. This concentration of ownership could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control,
or impeding a merger or consolidation, takeover or other business combination that could be favorable to you. This significant concentration
of share ownership may also adversely affect the trading price for our common stock because investors may perceive disadvantages in owning
stock in a company with controlling affiliated stockholders. 

We
do not plan to pay dividends to holders of our common stock. 

We
do not anticipate paying cash dividends to the holders of our common stock at any time. Accordingly, investors in our securities must
rely upon subsequent sales after price appreciation as the sole method to realize a gain on investment. There are no assurances that
the price of our common stock will ever appreciate in value. Investors seeking cash dividends should not buy our securities. 

General
Risk Factors 

Adverse
conditions in the global economy, and volatility and disruption of financial markets, can negatively impact our business and results
of operations. 

Global
financial conditions have been subject to continued volatility. Government debt, the risk of sovereign defaults, bank failures, political instability
and wider economic concerns in many countries have been causing significant uncertainties in the markets. Disruptions in the credit and
capital markets can have a negative impact on the availability and terms of credit and capital. Uncertainties in these markets could
have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, ability to raise capital and cost of capital. High levels of volatility and market turmoil
could also adversely impact commodity prices, exchange rates and interest rates and have a detrimental effect on our business. 

Recent
global economic and geopolitical events, such as the war in Ukraine and sanctions imposed on Russia and higher energy costs coupled with
supply concerns, have been disruptive to the world economy, with increased volatility in commodity markets, international trade and financial
markets and oil and gasoline prices, all of which have a trickle-down effect on supply chains, equipment and construction. There is substantial
uncertainty about the extent to which each of these events will continue to impact economic and financial affairs, as the numerous issues
arising from each event are in flux and there is the potential for escalation of conflict both within Europe and globally. There is a
risk of substantial market and financial turmoil arising from further conflict, which could have a material adverse effect on the economics
of our projects and our ability to operate our business and advance project development. There is also a risk of recession in the United
States and elsewhere, which may cause decreases in asset values and may result in impairment losses, which could adversely impact our
operations. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 16 

Our
business and operations could suffer in the event of cybersecurity breaches, information technology system failures, or network disruptions. 

Attempts
to gain unauthorized access to our information technology systems become more sophisticated over time. These attempts, which might be
related to industrial or other espionage, include covertly introducing malware to our computers and networks and impersonating authorized
users, among others. In some cases, we might be unaware of an incident or its magnitude and effects. The theft, unauthorized use or publication
of our intellectual property and/or confidential business information could harm our competitive position, reduce the value of our investment
in research and development and other strategic initiatives or otherwise adversely affect our business. To the extent that any cybersecurity
breach results in inappropriate disclosure of our customers or licensees confidential information, we may incur liability
as a result. The devotion of additional resources to the security of our information technology systems in the future could significantly
increase the cost of doing business or otherwise adversely impact our financial results. 

In
addition, risks associated with information technology systems failures or network disruptions, including risks associated with upgrading
our systems or in successfully integrating information technology and other systems in connection with the integration of any businesses
we acquire, could disrupt our operations by impeding our processing of transactions, financial reporting and our ability to protect our
customer or company information, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has created significant uncertainty and economic disruption. While we have not experienced a material impact to date,
the ultimate extent to which it impacts our business, results of operations, financial position, and cash flows is difficult to predict
and dependent upon many factors over which we have no control. These factors include, but are not limited to, the duration and severity
of the pandemic, including from the discovery of new strain variants; government restrictions on businesses and individuals; the health
and safety of our employees and communities in which we do business; the impact of the pandemic on our customers businesses and
the resulting demand for our products; the impact on our suppliers and supply chain network; the impact on U.S. and global economies
and the timing and rate of economic recovery; and potential adverse effects on the financial markets. 

Natural
disasters or other unanticipated catastrophes could impact our results of operations. 

The
occurrence of natural disasters, such as hurricanes, floods or earthquakes; pandemics, such as COVID-19, or other unanticipated catastrophes
at any of the locations in which we or our key partners, suppliers and customers do business, could cause interruptions in our operations.
A global or regional pandemic or similar outbreak in a region of ours, our customers or our suppliers could disrupt business. If similar
or other weather events, natural disasters or other catastrophic events occur in the future, they could negatively affect the results
of operations at our sites in the affected regions as well as have adverse impacts on the global economy. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 17 

If
we are unable to develop and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We
are required to provide a quarterly management certification and an annual management assessment of the effectiveness of our
internal controls over financial reporting. As of December 31, 2022, we disclosed the following material weaknesses that have not
yet been remediated: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on our Board, resulting
in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (2) inadequate
segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; (3) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and
financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and (4) ineffective controls over period end financial disclosure
and reporting processes. 

If
we are not able to implement and document the necessary policies, processes and controls to mitigate financial reporting risks, we may
not be able to comply with the requirements of Section 404(a) in a timely manner or with adequate compliance. Matters impacting our internal
controls may cause us to be unable to report our financial information on a timely basis and thereby subject us to adverse regulatory
consequences, including sanctions by the SEC or violations of applicable market or exchange listing rules. There could also be a negative
reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of investor confidence in our company and the reliability of our financial statements.
Confidence in the reliability of our financial statements could also suffer if we are unable to remediate our existing material weaknesses
or report additional material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. This could materially adversely affect us
and lead to a decline in the price of our common stock. 

Our
insurance may not fully cover all potential exposures. 

Our
insurance may not cover all risks associated with the hazards of our business and is subject to limitations, including deductibles and
coverage limits. We may incur losses beyond the limits, or outside the coverage, of our insurance policies, including liabilities for
environmental remediation. In addition, from time to time, various types of insurance for companies in the specialty chemical industry
have not been available on commercially acceptable terms or, in some cases, have not been available at all. We are potentially at additional
risk if one or more of our insurance carriers fail. Additionally, severe disruptions in the domestic and global financial markets could
adversely impact the ratings and survival of some insurers. Future downgrades in the ratings of enough insurers could adversely impact
both the availability of appropriate insurance coverage and its cost. In the future, we may not be able to obtain coverage at current
levels, if at all, and our premiums may increase significantly on coverage that we maintain. 

We
may be exposed to certain regulatory and financial risks related to climate change. 

Growing
concerns about climate change may result in the imposition of additional regulations or restrictions to which we may become subject.
Climate changes include changes in rainfall and in storm patterns and intensities, water shortages, significantly changing sea levels
and increasing atmospheric and water temperatures, among others. A number of governments or governmental bodies have introduced or are
contemplating regulatory changes in response to climate change, including regulating greenhouse gas emissions. Potentially, additional
U.S. federal regulation will be forthcoming with respect to greenhouse gas emissions (including carbon dioxide) and/or legislation that
could impact our operations. In addition, we may in the future have operations in the EU, which has agreed to implement measures to achieve
objectives under the 2015 Paris Climate Agreement, an international agreement linked to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate
Change, which set targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 18 

The
outcome of new legislation or regulation in the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which we operate may result in new or additional requirements,
additional charges to fund energy efficiency activities, and fees or restrictions on certain activities. While certain climate change
initiatives may result in new business opportunities for us by increasing the demand for EVs and lithium-ion batteries, compliance with
these initiatives may also result in additional costs to us, including, among other things, increased production costs, additional taxes,
reduced emission allowances or additional restrictions on production or operations. Any adopted future climate change regulations could
also negatively impact our ability to compete with companies situated in areas not subject to such limitations. Even without such regulation,
increased public awareness and adverse publicity about potential impacts on climate change emanating from us or our industry could harm
us. We may not be able to recover the cost of compliance with new or more stringent laws and regulations, which could adversely affect
our business and negatively impact our growth. Furthermore, the potential impact of climate change and related regulation on our customers
is highly uncertain and there can be no assurance that it will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may become party to litigation or other proceedings. 

In
the ordinary course of our business, we may become party to new litigation or other proceedings in local or international jurisdictions
in respect of any aspect of our business, whether under criminal law, contract or otherwise. The causes of potential litigation cannot
be known and may arise from, among other things, business activities, employment matters, including compensation issues, environmental,
health and safety laws and regulations, tax matters, failure to comply with disclosure obligations or labor disruptions at our project
sites. Regulatory and government agencies may initiate investigations relating to the enforcement of applicable laws or regulations,
and we may incur expenses in defending them and be subject to fines or penalties in case of any violation and could face damage to our
reputation. We may attempt to resolve disputes involving foreign contractors/suppliers through arbitration in another country, and such
arbitration proceedings may be costly and protracted, which may have an adverse effect on our financial condition. Litigation may be
costly and time-consuming and can divert the attention of management and key personnel from our operations and, if adjudged adversely
to us, may have a material and adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
may have certain conflicts of interest. 

Our
directors and officers may become directors or officers of other mineral resource companies or reporting issuers or may acquire or have
significant shareholdings in other mineral resource companies. To the extent that such other companies may participate in ventures in
which we may participate or wish to participate, our directors and officers may have a conflict of interest with respect to such opportunities
or in negotiating and concluding terms respecting the extent of such participation. 

Cautionary
Language Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Industry Data 

This
report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that
involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. Our actual results could differ materially and adversely from
those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including those set forth in this report. Important
factors that may cause actual results to differ from projections include, but are not limited to, for example: 

changes
 in economic and business conditions; 

our
 limited operating history in the lithium industry; 

availability
 of raw materials; 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 19 

increases
 in the cost of raw materials and energy; 

the
 pace of adoption and cost of developing electric transportation and storage technologies dependent upon lithium batteries; 

estimates
 of and volatility in lithium prices or demand for lithium; 

changes
 in our market in general; 

the
 occurrence of regulatory actions, proceedings, claims or litigation; 

changes
 in laws and government regulations impacting our operations; 

the
 effects of climate change, including any regulatory changes to which we might be subject; 

hazards
 associated with chemicals manufacturing; 

changes
 in accounting standards; 

our
 ability to access capital and the financial markets; 

volatility
 and uncertainties in the debt and equity markets; 

the
 development of an active trading market for our common stock; 

the
 occurrence of cyber-security breaches, terrorist attacks, industrial accidents or natural disasters; 

technology
 or intellectual property infringement, including through cyber-security breaches, and other innovation risks; 

recruiting,
 training and developing employees; 

our
 failure to successfully execute our growth strategy, including any delays in our future growth; 

decisions
 we may make in the future; 

uncertainties
 as to the duration and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; and 

other
 specific risks that may be referred to in this report. 

All
statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this report regarding our strategy, future operations, financial position,
estimated revenue or losses, projected costs, prospects and plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. When used
in this report, the words will, may, believe, anticipate, intend, 
 estimate, expect, project, plan, and similar expressions are intended to identify
forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. All forward-looking statements
speak only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or other information contained
herein. Stockholders and potential investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Although we believe
that our plans, intentions, and expectations reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements in this report are reasonable,
we cannot assure stockholders and potential investors that these plans, intentions, or expectations will be achieved. We disclose important
factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations under Risk Factors and elsewhere
in this report. These cautionary statements qualify all forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 20 

Information
regarding market and industry statistics contained in this report is included based on information available to us that we believe is
accurate. It is generally based on publications that are not produced for purposes of securities offerings or economic analysis. Forecasts
and other forward-looking information obtained from these sources are subject to the same qualifications and the additional uncertainties
accompanying any estimates of future market size, revenue and market acceptance of products and services. We have no obligation to update
forward-looking information to reflect actual results or changes in assumptions or other factors that could affect those statements,
except as required by federal securities laws. See Risk Factors for a more detailed discussion of uncertainties and risks
that may have an impact on our future results. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Our U.S. headquarters, which we lease on an annual basis, are located at
2316 Pine Ridge Rd #383, Naples, Florida, 34109. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

From
time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of its business. We are not presently a party
to any legal proceedings that, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on
our company, nor is any such litigation threatened as of the date of this filing. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosure. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

Trading
Information 

Our
shares of common stock are currently traded on the OTC Pink marketplace under the symbol SPGX. The range of high and low
bid information for shares of our common stock for each full quarterly period within the two most recent fiscal years is set forth below.
These bid prices represent prices quoted by broker-dealers on the OTC Pink marketplace. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without
retail mark-up, mark-down or commissions, and may not represent actual transactions. Given the significant changes in our business, capital
structure, and management following the Exchange Transaction on February 14, 2023, we believe that our historical trading information
before the Exchange Transaction is no longer relevant. 

On
March 30, 2023, the closing price of our common stock, as reported by the OTC Pink marketplace, was 0.34 per share. 

High 
 Low 
 
 2022: 

Fourth
 quarter ended December 31, 2022 
 0.032 
 0.025 
 
 Third quarter ended
 September 30, 2022 
 0.10 
 0.017 
 
 Second quarter ended
 June 30, 2022 
 0.13 
 0.017 
 
 First quarter ended
 March 31, 2022 
 0.12 
 0.062 

2021: 

Fourth quarter ended
 December 31, 2021 
 0.12 
 0.12 
 
 Third quarter ended
 September 30, 2021 
 0.12 
 0.012 
 
 Second quarter ended
 June 30, 2021 
 0.46 
 0.023 
 
 First quarter ended
 March 31, 2021 
 0.698 
 0.018 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 21 

Record
and Beneficial Holders 

As
of March 30, 2023, there were approximately 96 holders of record of our common stock. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any dividends on our common stock and we do not intend to pay any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

Item
6. [ Reserved. ] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The
following is a discussion of our financial condition and results of operations and is intended to assist in the understanding and assessment
of significant changes and trends related to our results of operations and financial position. This discussion should be read in conjunction
with our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the accompanying notes
appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We
are a pure-play lithium company focused on supplying high performance lithium compounds to the fast-growing EV and broader battery markets.
We have developed a proprietary technology to extract lithium from oilfield wastewater, which we believe will enable us to manufacture
lithium compounds quickly, at an attractive cost, and with a minimal environmental footprint, which we expect to provide us with a competitive
advantage over other lithium manufacturers. We believe this competitive advantage will enable us to capitalize on the acceleration of
vehicle electrification and renewable energy adoption. 

On February
14, 2023, we entered into the Agreement with Lithium Harvest and all of the Shareholders. Pursuant
to the terms of the Agreement, we acquired all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Lithium Harvest in exchange for issuing to
the Shareholders 206,667,233 shares of our common stock. The Exchange Transaction closed on February 14, 2023. 

Prior
to the Exchange Transaction, we were a business development company engaged in project development and holdings through value-based investments
and collaborative partnerships, including a joint venture relationship with Hero Wellness and a purchase agreement with the inventors
of the Soy-yer Dough product line. During September 2022, we decided to exit the joint venture with Hero Wellness, and following the Exchange
Transaction, the company has not made a decision on sale or outlicensing of the Soy-yer Dough project. 

We
plan to establish our first lithium carbonate manufacturing facility in 2023, which will be capable of manufacturing up to 1,000 metric
tons of LCE, and we plan to begin manufacturing battery-grade lithium compounds at such facility in the first half of 2024. 

In
order to meet our targets, management will focus on the achievement of several critical missions over the next year: 

Site
Selection . Our proprietary technology operates on a vastly smaller footprint compared to traditional lithium production.
While conventional production facilities require up to 65 acres for solar evaporation brine extraction and 115 acres for hard rock mining
per 1,000 metric tons of LCE production, our production facilities require only 1.4 acres and can be located in remote areas or co-located
with existing oil mining operation sites. 

In
order to achieve the planned start of production in the first half of 2024, we will need to locate a suitable manufacturing site. To
this end, we are currently in discussions with oil and gas producers and service providers. 

Lithium
feedstock . We are dependent on a continued supply of produced water. Currently, the disposal of produced water is a costly undertaking
for oil well operators and carries a large environmental footprint. We believe our proprietary technology offers significant cost savings
for oil well operators as water is cleaned and used for re-injection or other purposes. 

The
current U.S. production of produced water is more than 50 million barrels per day. Not all produced water is suitable for lithium production,
but we estimate that the current U.S. production of produced water is sufficient to produce more than 500,000 metric tons of LCE annually.
Based on ongoing discussions, management does not currently anticipate significant difficulties in sourcing sufficient quantities of
produced water. 

Sourcing
of Components . We source the major components for our proprietary lithium extraction process from blue-chip international suppliers.
Management currently anticipates timely access to all major components. However, supply chain difficulties as seen during late 2021 and
early 2022 could delay production start dates. We have identified our major vendors and are currently in contract discussions. 

Hiring
of Key Personnel . While our production process is largely automated, we will require significant additions to our personnel to
achieve production start targets. Key areas of expansion are anticipated to include management, research and development, sales, project
management and administration. We currently have eight full-time employees and are in the process of hiring additional key personnel. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 22 

COVID-19 

In
March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a global pandemic. This contagious disease outbreak, which has continued
to spread, and related adverse public health developments, has adversely affected workforces, economies, and financial markets globally,
potentially leading to an economic downturn. It has also disrupted the normal operations of many businesses, including ours. This outbreak
could decrease spending, adversely affect demand for our product and harm our business and results of operations. As a company operating
with offices in Demark and the United States, we are dependent on a free flow of goods and people, as well as a sound economic environment,
especially as we develop our first production site. It is not possible for us to predict the duration or magnitude of the adverse results
of the outbreak and its effects on our business or results of operations at this time. 

Results
of Operation 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

Dec 31,2022 
 Dec 31, 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Gross Revenues 

Cost of Goods Sold 
 - 
 233 
 
 Gross Margin 
 - 
 (74 

- 
 159 
 
 Operating Expenses 

Administrative and other operating expenses 
 16,703 
 14,198 
 
 Depreciation 
 28,667 
 29,348 
 
 Management fees 
 160,690 
 36,000 
 
 Professional fees 
 145,626 
 49,609 
 
 Travel Expenses 
 9,785 
 - 

361,471 
 129,155 

Operating loss before other items 
 (361,471 
 (128,996 
 
 Financing fees restated (Note 8) 
 (692,977 
 (2,771,908 
 
 Interest expense 
 (1,750 
 (1,964 

Loss from continuing operations 
 (1,056,198 
 (2,902,868 
 
 Loss from discontinued operations (Note 14) 
 (57,136 
 (16,251 
 
 Gain on deconsolidation 
 50,106 
 - 

Net loss 
 (1,063,228 
 (2,919,119 

Net loss attributed to non-controlling interest on discontinued operations 
 25,711 
 7,313 
 
 Net loss on continuing operations, attributed to shareholders 
 (1,037,517 
 (2,911,806 
 
 Comprehensive loss - translation 
 (2,715 
 (583 

Net loss and comprehensive loss attributed to shareholders 
 (1,040,232 
 (2,912,389 

Loss per share of common stock 

-Basic and diluted 
 (0.004 
 (0.012 
 
 Weighted average no. of shares of common stock 

-Basic and diluted 
 272,701,519 
 240,404,286 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we had revenues
of Nil compared to 233 during the year 2021. The decrease in revenues as compared to the previous year is due to ending in sales of
Soy-yer Dough products in 2021. 

Operating expenses for the year ended December 31,
2022 were 361,471 as compared to 129,155 in 2021. This increase in operating expenses is largely attributable to management fees to
the company from directors in Lithium Harvest. Additionally, we had a significant increase in legal expenses related to the Exchange Transaction. 

The increase in expenses during the year 2022 resulted
in an operating loss of 361,471 as compared to 128,996 for the full year 2021. 

We incurred financing costs of 692,977 for the year
ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2,771,908 in 2021. These costs were related to the share issuance to Kestrel Merchant Partners
in connection with the Exchange Transaction. 

Loss from discontinued operations for the year ended
December 31, 2022 was 57,136 as compared to 16,251 in 2021. Gain on deconsolidation for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 50,106
as compared to Nil in 2021. These increases were primarily due to the discontinuation of Hero Wellness operations. 

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,040,232 as compared
to 2,912,389 for 2021. This translates to basic and diluted loss per share of 0.004 in 2022 as compared to 0.012 for 2021 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 23 

Financial
Condition 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 9,363 compared
to a cash balance of 62,929 at December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash balance was primarily due to our ongoing operations generating
no revenues during the year. Additionally, our general and administrative expenses increased, including higher legal and administrative
expenses related to regulatory requirements. Until such time, if ever, that we generate substantial
revenues, we expect to finance our operations through public or private equity, debt or other available financing transactions. If
we are successful in completing an equity financing, existing shareholders will experience dilution of their interest in the Company.
Management cannot provide investors with any assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient funding from the sale of equity or from
debt financing to fund our plan of operations. In the absence of required funding, we will not be able to execute our plan of operations
and our business plan will fail. 

Based
on the nature of our business, management anticipates incurring operating losses for the foreseeable future. Management bases this expectation,
in part, on the fact that the year 2023 and into early 2024 will be focused on the development of our first lithium production site.
Our future financial results are also uncertain due to a number of factors, some of which are outside our control. These factors include,
but are not limited to: 

The
 ability to raise additional funding; 

Inflation
 on equipment and raw materials; 

The
 development of lithium prices; 

The
 availability of produced water; 

The
 global demand for lithium; and 

The
 cost of maintaining or developing future lithium projects. 

Due
to our lack of operating history and present inability to generate revenues, our auditors have stated their opinion that substantial
doubt currently exists about our ability to continue as a going concern. We will need to raise additional cash in order to fund ongoing operations over the next 12 months. However, there is no assurance that such funds will be available
on acceptable terms, or at all. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we had
total assets of 282,040, and a working capital deficit of 517,914, compared with total assets of 374,900 and a working capital deficit
of 149,037 at December 31, 2021. The increase in the working capital deficit was primarily due to the discontinuation of Hero Wellness s
operations, as well as a significant increase in accounts payable for management services provided to us, as well as legal expenses incurred
as part of the Exchange Transaction. 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

During the
year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 65,791 compared to 45,634 for the year ended December 31, 2021.
The increase in cash used in operating activities was primarily due to increased legal, audit and accounting fees as compared to the previous
year, as well as decreased financing expense related to the share issuance to Kestrel Merchant Partners in connection with the Exchange
Transaction. This increase was partially offset by increased accruals of fees owed to management. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 24 

Net
Cash Used in Investing Activities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities
was 10,060 compared to Nil for the year ended December 31, 2021. This use of cash was driven by a change in intangible assets. 

Net
Cash Generated from Financing Activities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash flows provided by financing
activities was 25,000 as compared with financing activities of 100,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The net cash generated
in financing activities was due to proceeds from a loan by Kestrel Merchant Partners. 

Significant
Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity
with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during
the reporting period. Management makes its best estimate of the ultimate outcome for these items based on historical trends and other
information available when the financial statements are prepared. Changes in estimates are recognized in accordance with the accounting
rules for the estimate, which is typically in the period when new information becomes available to management. Actual results could differ
from those estimates. 

A
critical accounting estimate is defined as a financial statement item where significant judgment is required in the selection of accounting
policies and the determination of estimates. The accounting estimates that require more significant
judgment are included below : 

1. 
 Revenue
 recognition: We use judgment in determining the timing of revenue recognition and the amount of revenue to be recognized. This judgment
 is based on the timing of delivery, customer acceptance and other factors. Our revenue recognition policies are subject to periodic
 review and changes, and any changes could have a material impact on our financial statements. 

2. 
 Allowance
 for doubtful accounts: We estimate the allowance for doubtful accounts based on historical data, current economic conditions and
 other factors. The actual amount of uncollectible accounts may differ from our estimates, and any significant changes could impact
 our financial statements. 

3. 
 Inventory
 valuation: We estimate the value of inventory based on historical cost, estimated future demand and other factors. We regularly review
 our inventory and may write down the value if it is deemed to be obsolete or overvalued. Any significant changes to our inventory
 valuation could impact our financial statements. 

4. 
 Depreciation
 and amortization: We estimate the useful lives of our property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, and the residual values
 used in our depreciation and amortization calculations. Our estimates are subject to change based on economic conditions, technological
 advancements and other factors, and any changes could have a material impact on our financial statements. 

5. 
 Impairment
 of long-lived assets: We periodically review our long-lived assets for impairment and estimate the fair value of those assets. Our
 estimates are based on a variety of factors, including market conditions and future plans for the assets. If the estimated fair value
 of the assets is lower than the carrying value, we recognize an impairment charge. Any changes to our estimates could result in impairment
 charges and have a material impact on our financial statements. 

6. 
 Exchange
 rates and translational risks: We are exposed to exchange rate fluctuations and translational risks, particularly with respect to
 the Danish Krone. We estimate the impact of these fluctuations on our financial statements and make adjustments as necessary. The
 fluctuations in exchange rates could have a significant impact on the value of our assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
 currencies, and on our results of operations when translating these amounts into our functional currency. Any material changes in
 exchange rates could have a significant impact on our financial statements. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 25 

Going
Concern 

We have limited operations and have sustained operating losses resulting
in a deficit. In view of these matters, realization values may be substantially different from carrying values as shown. We have accumulated
a deficit of 17,375,748 since inception and have yet to achieve profitable operations and further losses are anticipated in the development
of our business. Our ability to continue as a going concern is in substantial doubt and is dependent upon obtaining additional financing
and/or achieving a sustainable profitable level of operations. Our consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. We had 9,363 in cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022. Cash used by operations
was 65,791 for the year ended December 31, 2022. We will need to raise additional cash in order to fund ongoing operations over the next
12 months. We expect to finance our operations through public or private equity, debt or other available
financing transactions . However, there is no assurance that such additional funds will be
available for us on acceptable terms, if at all. 

Consolidation 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of the Company, its wholly owned subsidiaries YER Brands Inc. and Lithium Harvest ApS and, prior to September 30,
2022, our joint venture, Hero Wellness Systems Inc. (formerly Vitalizer Americas Inc.) Hero Wellness ). The Company controls
55 of Hero Wellness. At September 30, 2022, Hero Wellness assets were impaired and the Company impaired its investment and eliminated
Hero Wellness accounts from the consolidated financial statements. Previously, pursuant to ASC Topic 810, the joint venture company
was considered as a variable interest entity that required the Company to consolidate its account. All intercompany balances and transactions
were eliminated in this consolidation. The operating results of the joint venture were included in the Company s consolidated financial
statements and the non-controlling interest that was not attributable to the Company was reported separately. 

Equity
Investments 

We
invest in equity securities of public and non-public companies for business and strategic purposes. Investments in public companies are
carried at fair value based on quoted market prices. Investments in equity securities without readily determinable fair values are carried
at cost, minus impairment, if any. We review our equity securities without readily determinable fair values on a regular basis to determine
if the investment is impaired. For purposes of this assessment, we consider the investee s cash position, earnings and revenue
outlook, liquidity and management ownership, among other factors in our review. If management s assessment indicates that an impairment
exists, we estimate the fair value of the equity investment and recognize in current earnings an impairment loss that is equal to the
difference between the fair value of the equity investment and its carrying amount. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 26 

Revenue
Recognition 

In
May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued guidance on the recognition of Revenue from Contracts
with Customers. The core principle of the guidance is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods
or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration which the company expects to receive in exchange for those goods
or services. To achieve this core principle, the guidance provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue
is recognized. The guidance addresses several areas, including transfer of control, contracts with multiple performance obligations,
and costs to obtain and fulfill contracts. The guidance also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty
of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized
from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. 

Recently
issued accounting pronouncements 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments
 Credit Losses. The provision sets forth a current expected credit loss model which requires us to measure
all expected credit losses for financial instruments held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and
reasonable supportable forecasts. This replaces the prior incurred loss model and is applicable to the measurement of credit losses on
financial assets measured at amortized cost and applies to some off-balance sheet credit exposures. SPGX adopted this standard as of December
31, 2022, with no impact. 

We adopt new pronouncements relating to US GAAP applicable to us as they are issued, which may be in advance of their effective
date. Management does not believe that any pronouncement not yet effective but recently issued would, if adopted, have a material effect
on the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under this
item. 

 Item
 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 27 

SUSTAINABLE
PROJECTS GROUP INC. 

For
the YEARS Ended DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

index
to CONSOLIDATED financial statements 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8
 to F-20 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 1 

K. R. MARGETSON LTD. 
 Chartered Professional Accountant 
 
 331 East 5 th Street 
 Tel: 604.220.7704 
 
 North Vancouver BC V7L 1M1 
 Fax: 1.855.603.3228 
 
 Canada 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Sustainable Projects Group,
Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

I have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Sustainable Projects Group, Inc. the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In my opinion, the
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has limited
operations and has sustained operating losses resulting in a deficit. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. My responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. I am a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and am required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

I conducted my audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that I plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor was I engaged to perform, an
audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of my audits, I am required to obtain an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, I express no such opinion. 

My audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
My audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the
overall presentation of the financial statements. I believe that my audit provides a reasonable basis for my opinion 

Critical audit matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are
matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way my opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and I am not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on
the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

I have determined that
there are no critical audit matters to communicate in my auditor s report. 

I have served as the Company s auditor
since 2021. 

/s/ 

March 31, 2022 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 2 

SUSTAINABLE
PROJECTS GROUP INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (Restated) 

December
 31, 
 December
 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 As at 

ASSETS 

Current
 Assets: 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Other receivables Note 4 
 
 - 
 
 Inventory
 Note 5 

Prepaid
 expenses and deposits 

Discontinued
 assets 
 - 

TOTAL
 CURRENT ASSETS 

Office
 equipment Note 6 

Intangible
 assets Note 7 

Goodwill
 Note 7 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

LIABILITIES 

CURRENT
 LIABILITIES: 

Accounts
 payable and accrued liabilities Note 10 

Amount
 due to related parties Note 15 

Discontinued
 assets 
 - 

TOTAL
 CURRENT LIABILITIES 

NON-CURRENT
 LIABILITIES 

Note
 payable Note 11 

TOTAL
 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS 
 DEFICIT 

Common
 Stock Note 11 

Par Value: Authorized shares 

Common Stock Issued: (Dec 31, 2021 

Common
 Stock Note 11 Par Value: 0.0001 Authorized 500,000,000 shares Common Stock Issued: 287,190,813 (Dec 31, 2021 272,191,272) 

Additional
 Paid in Capital 

Obligation
 to issue shares Note 11 
 - 

Accumulated
 Deficit 

Other Accumulated Comprehensive Loss 

Non-controlling
 interest Note 13 
 - 

TOTAL
 STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 3 

S USTAINABLE
PROJECTS GROUP INC. 

CONSOLIDATED 

STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

(Restated) 

Year
 Ended 
 Year
 Ended 

Dec
 31,2022 
 Dec
 31, 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Gross
 Revenues 

Cost
 of Goods Sold 
 - 

Gross
 Margin 
 - 

Gross
 margin and cost of goods 
 - 

Operating
 Expenses 

Administrative
 and other operating expenses 

Depreciation 

Management
 fees 

Professional
 fees 

Travel
 Expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 Operating Expenses 

Operating
 loss before other items 

Financing
 fees restated (Note 8) 

Interest
 expense 

Loss
 from continuing operations 

Loss
 from discontinued operations (Note 14) 

Gain
 on deconsolidation 
 
 - 

Net
 loss 

Net
 loss attributed to non-controlling interest on discontinued operations 

Net
 loss on continuing operations, attributed to shareholders 

Comprehensive
 loss - translation 

Net
 loss and comprehensive loss attributed to shareholders 

Loss
 per share of common stock 

-Basic
 and diluted 

Weighted
 average no. of shares of common stock 

-Basic
 and diluted 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 4 

SUSTAINABLE
PROJECTS GROUP INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Restated) 

Restated 
 
 Par
 Value at 
 Additional 
 Shares 

Other 
 Accumulated 

Non- 

For
 December 31, 
 Common 
 0.0001 
 Paid-in 
 to
 be 
 Accumulated 
 
 Comprehensive 

Controlling 

2022 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 issued 
 Deficit 

Loss 

Interests 
 Total 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021, restated 

() 

Shares
 issued at 

- 
 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Restated
 - Shares to Kestrel 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Deconsolidation
 of NCI 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss and comprehensive loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

() 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

- 

() 
 
 - 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 5 

SUSTAINABLE
PROJECTS GROUP INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Restated) 

Restated 
 
 Par
 Value at 
 Additional 
 Shares 

Other 
 Accumulated 

Non- 

For December 31 
 Common 
 0.0001 
 Paid-in 
 to
 be 
 Accumulated 
 
 Comprehensive 

Controlling 

2021 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 issued 
 Deficit 
 
 Loss 

Interests 
 Total 

Balance,
 December 31, 2020 

- 

- 

Reorganization
 (Note 8) 

- 

- 

Shares
 for debt at per share 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Shares
 for services at per share 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Shares
 issued for services at 

- 
 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Restated
 - Shares to Kestrel 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Net
 loss and comprehensive loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

() 

Balance,
 Balance 31, 2021 

) 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 6 

SUSTAINABLE
PROJECTS GROUP INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(Restated) 

For
 the year 
 For
 the year 

ended 
 ended 

Dec
 31, 2022 
 Dec
 31, 2021 
 
 Cash
 Flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Loss
 from discontinued operations (Note 14) 

Loss
 from continuing operations 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Gain
 on deconsolidation 
 
 - 
 
 Shares
 issued for services 
 - 

Financing expense 

Changes
 in current assets and liabilities 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Accounts receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Inventory 
 - 

Interest
 payable 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Amount
 due to related parties 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

From
 continuing operations 

From
 discontinued operations 

Net
 cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash Flows from investing activities: 

Intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 - 

Cash
 Flows from financing activities: 

Cash received on convertible note converted 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of foreign exchange on cash 
 
 ) 

Net
 (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental
 Disclosures 

Cash
 paid for: 

Interest 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 7 

SUSTAINABLE
PROJECTS GROUP INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

shares of the Company s common stock (the Exchange Transaction ). In addition, the lender of a convertible note
payable exercised its conversion feature and received 
shares of common stock in exchange for its debt and interest. The Exchange Transaction represents a change of control and was accounted for
as a share reorganization with Lithium Harvest being the accounting acquirer and the Company being the accounting acquiree. As a
result of the transaction, the number of shares of common stock outstanding was increased to . 

These consolidated financial statements
have been restated to reflect the combined operations and financial results of the Company as if the transaction occurred January 1, 2021. 

The
Company s year-end is December 31. 

since inception and has yet to achieve profitable operations and further losses are anticipated
in the development of its business. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is in substantial doubt and is dependent
upon obtaining additional financing and/or achieving a sustainable profitable level of operations. The consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

The
Company had 
cash on hand at December 31, 2022. Cash used by operations was for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company will need
to raise additional cash in order to fund ongoing operations over the next 12 months. The Company expects to finance its operations
through public or private equity, debt or other available financing transactions.
There is no assurance that such additional funds will be available for the Company on acceptable terms, if at all. 

In
March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a global pandemic. This contagious disease outbreak, which has continued
to spread, and related adverse public health developments, has adversely affected workforces, economies, and financial markets
globally, potentially leading to an economic downturn. It has also disrupted the normal operations of many businesses, including the
Company s business. This outbreak could decrease spending, adversely affect demand for the Company s product and harm the
Company s business and results of operations. It is not possible for the Company to predict the duration or magnitude of the
adverse results of the outbreak and its effects on the Company s business or results of operations at this time. 

Hero
 Wellness 
 - 

Lithium Harvest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total
 Sales 
 - 

Total
 Assets 

Sustainable
 Projects Group 

YER
 Brands 

Hero
 Wellness 
 - 

Lithium Harvest 

Total
 Assets 

In
June 2018, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2018-07, Compensation Stock Compensation
(Topic 718), Improvements to Non-Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, which is intended to improve the usefulness of the
information provided to the users of financial statements while reducing cost and complexity in financial reporting. Under the new
standard, nonemployee share-based payment awards within the scope of Topic 718 are measured at grant-date fair value of the equity
instruments that an entity is obligated to issue when conditions necessary to earn the right to benefit from the instruments have
been satisfied. These equity-classified non-employee share-based payment awards are measured at the grant date. Consistent with the
accounting for employee share-based payment awards, an entity considers the probability of satisfying performance conditions when
non-employee share-based payment awards contain such conditions. The new standard also eliminated the requirement to re-assess
classification of such awards upon vesting. The new standard is effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those
annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2018. The adoption of this new standard as of January 1, 2019 did not have an impact on
the Company s financial statements. 

. 

Total 

Property
 plant and equipment gross 

Accumulated
 depreciation 

Total 

Depreciation
for the year ended December 31, 2022 was (2021 year - ). 

common shares to Sawyer Samantha Sparks for meeting certain milestones
which were at per share that was valued at . 

Allocated
 to - License 

Equipment 

Inventory 

Identifiable
 net assets 

Allocated
 to Goodwill 

shares of the Company s common stock. In addition, the lender of a convertible note payable exercised its conversion feature
and received 
shares of common stock in exchange for its debt and interest. The Exchange Transaction represents a change of control and was
accounted for as a share reorganization with Lithium Harvest being the accounting acquirer and the Company being the accounting
acquiree. As a result of the transaction, the number of shares of common stock outstanding was increased to .
The purchase price of Lithium Harvest was valued at 
using the fair market value of the Company s common stock price on the date of the Exchange Transaction, February 14, 2023.
The following changes were made to the consolidated financial statements on a retroactive basis: 

Retroactive
adjustment to the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Restate
opening deficit, January 1, 2021: 

Retroactive
adjustment to the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Restated
opening deficit, January 1, 2021: 

(a) 
 To
 Common Stock (206,667,233 shares at .0001) 

20,667 

(b) 
 To
 Additional Paid in Capital (206,667,233 shares at 0.05 per share less common stock 

10,312,695 

(c) 
 To
 Accumulated Deficit 

- 
 Shares
 issued for Lithium Harvest (206,667,233 shares x 0.05 per share) 

(10,333,362) 

- 
 Common
 stock of Lithium Harvest 

7,940 

- 
 Accumulated
 deficit of Lithium Harvest 

(374) 

(10,325,796) 
 
 (d) 
 To
 Other Accumulated Comprehensive Loss (Lithium Harvest Translation from Danish Krone) 

315

(e) 
 To
 Net Equity (Cash on hand of Lithium Harvest) 

7,881 

Retroactive
adjustment to the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 

(a) 
 To
 record the 100,000 convertible debt issued as a share issuance and record the difference between the cash received and the pro rata
 number of shares received as a financing charge 

(2,871,908) 

- 
 Value
 of shares received 0.05 x 71,797,703 x 100,000/ 125000) 

- 
 Less
 cash received 

100,000 

Financing
 charge 

(2,771,908 

(b) 
 To
 reverse interest charged on convertible debt 

4,301 

(c) 
 To
 record expenses of Lithium Harvest, increase of 

- 
 Administrative
 and other 

310 

- 
 Professional
 fees 

791 

- 
 Total
 expenses of Lithium Harvest 

(1,101) 

Total
 increase in loss for the year 

(2,768,708) 

Retroactive
 adjustments to the Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(a) 
 
 To
 record cash of Lithium Harvest 

6,958 

(b) 
 
 To
 record liabilities of Lithium Harvest 

761 

(c) 
 
 To
 eliminate convertible note 

104,301

(d) 
 
 To
 record Common Stock increase for shares issued to Lithium Harvest and the convertible debt holder 

26,411 

(e) 
 
 To
 record Additional Paid in Capital increase for shares issued to Lithium Harvest and the convertible debt holder 

13,178,859 

(f) 
 
 To
 Accumulated Deficit for increase in loss during the year 

(2,768,708) 
 
 (g) 
 
 To
 Accumulated Deficit for increase in opening deficit (above) 

(10,325,796) 

Trademark,
 patents 
 
 - 

Amortization
for the year ended December 31, 2022 was (2021 year - ). 

2024 

2025 

Total 

Accrued
 liabilities 

Total 

with an interest rate of per annum. The loan is
due on or before . On March 28, 2022, the loan agreement was extended to April 15, 2024. At December 31, 2022, there
was in accrued interest (December 31, 2021- ). 

On
July 12, 2019, the Company entered into an unsecured convertible loan agreement with a relative of the CEO for with an interest
rate of per annum. The loan is due on or before . The lender has the option to convert the whole loan and the accrued
interest into shares of the Company at the price of per share. On May 10, 2021, the Company agreed to a debt settlement arrangement
whereby it would issue common shares for principal amount of plus accrued interest and fees valued at . The transaction
value was calculated to be per share. The shares were issued during the three-month period ended March 31, 2022. 

On
July 23, 2021, the Company received 
 pursuant to a two-year
 unsecured convertible promissory note payable,
bearing an interest at 
per annum. The loan may be renewed at the option of the lender and is secured via a security agreement supported by the Company s
present and future assets. .
A Qualified Transaction is defined as the reverse merger of the Company with a target company. On June 22, 2022, the Company received
an additional loan advance of .
At December 31, 2022, the accrued unpaid interest was 
 (December 31, 2021 - ).
Subsequent to the year (see Note 17, Subsequent Events), the lender exercised the convertible feature of the debt and the loan
and interest was converted to 
 shares of common stock valued at .
(See Note 8, Reorganization and retroactive change applied on January 1, 2021 ). 

shares of common stock for a debt settlement for a convertible note payable of 
 and accrued interest of . 

b) 
 The Company issued 
 shares of common stock pursuant to a convertible loan settlement valued at 
 (See Note 10, Accounts payable and accrued liabilities; total issued 
 shares of common stock valued at ). 

The following transactions occurred or, with respect
to the Exchange Transaction, is presented in these consolidated financial statements as if it occurred, during the year ended December
31, 2021: 

a) 
 The
 Company reached a debt settlement arrangement to issue 
 shares of common stock for a convertible
 note payable of and
 accrued interest of ,
 a per
 share value. (See Note 11, Notes payable, Convertible notes payable and Obligation to issue shares ). 

b) 
 
 shares of common stock were issued for consulting services of , a per share value. 

c) 
 shares of common stock were issued pursuant to the Agreement with Lithium Harvest valued at . 

d) 
 
 shares of common shares were issued pursuant to a convertible loan settlement valued at 
 (See Note 10, Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ; total issued 
 shares of common stock valued at ). 

in a joint venture of Hero Wellness (formerly Vitalizer Americas
Inc.). Hero is in the business of importing, marketing, distributing and selling luxury massage therapeutic chairs. Hero
is still in its early stages of development. The Company participated in several conferences to showcase and introduce its products in
the market and ordered and received inventory for sale. The following summary information on the joint venture amounts are
based on contributions received from activities since inception through to December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 with intercompany
transactions eliminated. Effective September 30, 2022, the assets, liabilities and non-controlling interest of Hero Wellness that were consolidated on the balance sheet were eliminated. 

Liabilities 

Net
 Assets 

Revenues 

Expenses 

Net
 Income 

Company s
 joint venture interest portion on net loss 

Non-controlling
 joint venture interest on net loss 

Company s
 capital contribution to joint venture 

Company s
 joint venture interest portion in net assets 

Total
 Equity of Joint Venture 

Company s
 portion of the Joint Venture 

Non-controlling
 interest portion in equity 

Reduced
 by losses to date 

Prior
 years 

Current
 period 

Net
 non-controlling interest portion in equity, adjusted for losses to date, before deconsolidation 

Cost
 of sales 

Net loss 

Expenses 

General
 and administrative 

Professional
 fees 

Inventory
 write down 
 
 - 
 
 Operating expense 

Net
 loss from discontinued operations 

Upon
 consolidation, the Company recorded the following gain: 

Net
 liabilities eliminated on deconsolidation 

Elimination
 of non-controlling interest 

Gain
 on deconsolidation 

(2021 year - ). At December 31, 2022, was owing to the director/officer for management fees, current and past due, and
 for out of pocket expenses. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred management fees from an officer
totaling (2021 year - ). At December 31, 2022, was owing to that officer for past due salaries and for
management fees. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company owed a company controlled by the above two related parties for office expenses. 

See
Note 11, Notes payable, Convertible notes payable and Obligation to issue shares , for a loan transaction with the relative of the
CEO. 

During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022,
Lithium Harvest incurred management fees from a director/office totaling an aggregate of (DKK (2021 year - Nil ). At
December 31, 2022, (DKK was owing to the director/officer for management fees, current and past due, and (DKK) for out of pocket expenses. 

Statutory
 and effective tax rate 

Income
 tax recovery at the effective rate 

Permanent
 differences 
 
 - 
 
 True-up
 prior years differences 

Tax
 benefit deferred 

Income
 tax recovery 
 - 
 - 

of which will expire beginning in 2029
and the balance of is indefinite. The components of the net deferred tax asset at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the statutory tax rate and the effective tax rate, and the amount of the valuation, are scheduled below: 

Equipment
 temporary differences 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 timing differences 

Statutory
 and effective tax rate 

Deferred
 tax assets 

Valuation
 allowance 

Net
 deferred asset 
 - 
 - 

The
change in the valuation allowance for the period ended December 31, 2022 was 49,600. The change in valuation for year ended December
31, 2021 was . 

The
Company files income tax returns in the United States of America and in the State of Nevada. The Company maintains its office in the State
of Florida and is subject to state tax returns as well. At December 31, 2022, the Company is current with all its filings. 

shares of the Company s common stock. In addition, the lender of a convertible note payable exercised its conversion
feature and received 
shares of common stock in exchange for its debt and interest. The Exchange Transaction represents a change of control and was accounted for
as a share reorganization with Lithium Harvest being the accounting acquirer and the Company being the accounting acquiree. As a
result of the transaction, the number of shares of common stock outstanding was increased to .
This event has been retroactively applied. See Note 8 Reorganization and retroactive change applied to January
1, 2021. 

On
March 15, 2023, a director/officer loaned the Company (DKK ). The loan has a interest rate that is due on or before
December 31, 2023. 

On
March 29, 2023, the Company entered into a promissory note with a shareholder for . The loan has a interest rate that is due
on or before December 31, 2023. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 18 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure. 

Not
applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

In
connection with the preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, an evaluation was carried out by the Company s management,
with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of December 31, 2022. Disclosure controls
and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act
is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosures. 

Based
on that evaluation, the Company s management concluded, as of the end of the period covered by this report, that the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as a result of the material weaknesses
in internal control over financial reporting described below. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision
of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of SPGX s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with US GAAP. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management
conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022,
based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission COSO ). As a result of this assessment, management identified material weaknesses in internal
control over financial reporting. 

A
material weakness is a control deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. 

The
matters involving internal controls and procedures that management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the
Company s board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls
and procedures; (2) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; (3) insufficient written policies and procedures
for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and
(4) ineffective controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting processes. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified
by the Company s Chief Financial Officer in connection with the audit of its financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021 and communicated the matters to management. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 19 

As
a result of the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting described above, management has concluded that, as of
December 31, 2022, SPGX s internal control over financial reporting was not effective based on the criteria in Internal Control
 Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 

Management
believes that the material weaknesses set forth in items (2), (3) and (4) above did not have an effect on SPGX s financial results.
However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company s
board of directors caused and continues to cause an ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of the required internal
controls over financial reporting. 

The
Company is committed to improving its financial organization. As part of this commitment and when funds are available, the Company intends
to create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and increase its personnel resources and technical accounting
expertise within the accounting function by: (i) appointing one or more outside directors to its board of directors who will also be
appointed to the audit committee of the Company resulting in a fully functioning audit committee who will undertake the oversight in
the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls over financial reporting; and (ii) preparing and implementing sufficient
written policies and checklists that will set forth procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements
and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements. 

Management
believes that the appointment of one or more outside directors, who will also be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will
remedy the lack of a functioning audit committee and a lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company s Board. In addition,
management believes that preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists will remedy the following material weaknesses:
(i) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application
of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and (ii) ineffective controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting processes.
Further, management believes that the hiring of additional personnel who have technical expertise and knowledge will result in proper
segregation of duties and provide more checks and balances within the Company s finance department. The Company expects additional
personnel will also provide the cross training needed to support the Company if personnel turnover issues occur within the finance department. 

Management
will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of the Company s internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing
basis and is committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow.
The material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until management completes the design and implementation of the measures described
above, until the controls operate for a sufficient period of time, and until management has concluded, through testing, that the controls
are effective. 

Changes
in Internal Controls 

There
have been no changes (other than as described above) in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in
Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 20 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

None. 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 

The
names, ages and positions of our directors and executive officers as of March 1, 2023, are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Sune
 Mathiesen 
 
 48 
 
 Chairman,
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Stefan
 Muehlbauer 
 
 44 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Paw
 Juul 
 
 44 
 
 Chief
 Technology Officer and Director 

Mr. Juul s appointment as a director is effective 10 days following the mailing of an information statement that satisfies the
requirements of Rule 14F-1 under the Exchange Act to the Company s stockholders. 

Sune
Mathiesen. Mr. Mathiesen has served as the Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company since February
14, 2023. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Mathiesen served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Lithium Harvest since August
2020. Prior to co-founding Lithium Harvest, Mr. Mathiesen served as Chief Executive Officer and
a Director of LiqTech International Inc. (Nasdaq: LIQT) from July 2014 to May 2022. Mr. Mathiesen has also served as a CEO and Director
of Masu A/S, a Danish company, since February 2013. He is the owner and Chief Executive Officer of Sune Mathiesen Holding ApS, which
he founded in August 2020, and Masu Consult ApS, which he founded in January 2018. He previously served as CEO and Director of Provital
A/S from June 2012 to August 2015. Before that he served as Country Manager of Broen Lab Group from July 2010 to May 2011 and as Country
Manager of GPA Flowsystem from August 1997 to June 2010. Mr. Mathiesen has been working hands-on with technical products within the valves
and fittings industry for the past 20 years. He has a degree in commercial science from Via College in Randers, Denmark . The Board
has concluded that Mr. Mathiesen should serve as a director because his significant experience in management and business development
enables him to make valuable contributions to the Board. 

Stefan
Muehlbauer. Mr. Muehlbauer has been the Chief Executive Officer of the Company since May 2018, the Chief Financial Officer of
the Company from January 2018 to May 2018 and since July 2018, the Chief Communications Officer and a director of the Company since February
2017, and the Treasurer and Corporate Secretary of the Company since January 2018. Mr. Muehlbauer also has served as Chief Executive
Officer of Arma Communications Inc., a business development and marketing agency, since 2013. Previously, Mr. Muehlbauer held positions
with several leading investment banks in Europe, including as the Chief Operating Officer at Silvia Quandt Cie AG, where he was
responsible for building up the institution s research and corporate finance activities. Mr. Muehlbauer received his degree in
Finance from the University of Miami. The Board has concluded that Mr. Muehlbauer should serve as a director because of his significant
business experience, investment banking background and knowledge of financial markets. 

Paw
Juul . Mr. Juul has served as the Chief Technology Officer of the Company since February 14, 2023. Prior to joining the Company,
Mr. Juul served as the Chief Technology Officer of Lithium Harvest since August 2020. Prior to co-founding Lithium Harvest, Mr. Juul
served as the Chief Executive Officer of LiqTech Water A/S, a subsidiary of LiqTech International Inc. from September 2014 until March
2022. Mr. Juul co-founded Pivotal A/S in 2009 and served as its Chief Technology Officer until August 2014. Mr. Juul has also been the
Chief Executive Officer of QLT Water ApS since May 2022 and FENO Holding ApS since January 2018. Mr. Juul has extensive experience in
new business development, specifically in the water treatment industry. Mr. Juul holds a master s degree in Biomedical Engineering
from Aalborg University in Aalborg, Denmark. The Board has concluded that Mr. Juul should serve as a director because his significant
experience in management, business development and the water treatment industry enables him to make valuable contributions to the Board. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 28 

Nomination
Procedure for Directors 

The
Company does not have a standing nominating committee; recommendations for candidates to stand for election as directors are made by
the board of directors. The Company has not adopted a policy that permits shareholders to recommend candidates for election as directors
or a process for shareholders to send communications to the board of directors. 

Audit
Committee Financial Expert 

The
Company has no audit committee financial expert. Given the Company s limited financial resources, the Company s Board of
Directors has determined that the cost of identifying and appointing a director who would qualify as an audit committee financial expert
to be a member of the Audit Committee or otherwise perform Audit Committee functions outweighs the benefits of having an audit committee
financial expert on the Audit Committee. 

Identification
of Audit Committee 

The
Company does not have a separately-designated standing audit committee. Rather, the Company s entire board of directors performs
the required functions of an audit committee. Currently, each director is a member of the Company s audit committee. See Director
Independence under Part II, Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence below for more
information on independence. 

The
Company s audit committee is responsible for: (1) selection and oversight of the Company s independent accountant; (2) establishing
procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints regarding accounting, internal controls and auditing matters; (3) establishing
procedures for the confidential, anonymous submission by the Company s employees of concerns regarding accounting and auditing
matters; (4) engaging outside advisors; and, (5) funding the outside auditor and any outside advisors engaged by the audit committee. 

As
of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company did not have a written audit committee charter or similar document. 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company has adopted a financial code of ethics that applies to all its executive officers and employees, including its CEO and CFO. See
Exhibit 14 Code of Ethics for more information. The Company undertakes to provide any person with a copy of its financial code
of ethics free of charge. Please contact the Company at 305-814-2915 to request a copy of the Company s financial code of ethics.
Management believes the Company s financial code of ethics is reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical
conduct; provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in public reports; comply with applicable laws; ensure prompt
internal reporting of code violations; and provide accountability for adherence to the code. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 29 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table presents summary information regarding the total compensation for services rendered in all capacities that was awarded
to, earned by, or paid to our named executive officers for fiscal 2022 and 2021. 

Name
 and principal position (a) 
 Year
 (b) 
 Salary
 ) (c) 
 Bonus
 ) (d) 
 Stock
 Awards ) (e) 
 Option
 Awards ) (f) 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan ) (g) 
 Non-qualified
 Deferred Compen- sation Earnings ) (h) 
 All
 other compensation ) (i) 
 Total
 ) (j) 
 
 Stefan
 Muehlbauer, CEO 
 2021 
 24,000 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 24,000 

2022 
 40,500 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 40,500 

Tiffany
 Muehlbauer, COO 
 2021 
 12,000 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 12,000 

2022 
 12,000 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 12,000 

Outstanding
Equity Awards 

Since
inception, there were no stock options, stock appreciation rights or other equity awards that have been granted, exercised or re-priced. 

Lithium
Harvest Summary Compensation Table 

The
following table presents summary information regarding the total compensation for services rendered in all capacities that was awarded
to, earned by, or paid to Lithium Harvest s named executive officers for fiscal 2022 and 2021. 

Name
 and principal position (a) 
 
 Year
 (b) 
 
 Salary
 ) (c) 
 
 Bonus
 ) (d) 
 
 Stock
 Awards ) (e) 
 
 Option
 Awards ) (f) 
 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan ) (g) 
 
 Non-qualified
 Deferred Compen- sation Earnings ) (h) 
 
 All
 other compensation ) (i) 
 
 Total
 ) (j) 

Sune
 Mathiesen, CEO 
 
 2021 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 

2022 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 

Paw
 Juul, CTO 
 
 2021 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 

2022 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 

Outstanding
Equity Awards 

Since
inception, there were no stock options, stock appreciation rights or other equity awards that have been granted, exercised or re-priced. 

Employment
Agreements 

In
connection with the Exchange Transaction, the Company entered into employment agreements with each of Sune Mathiesen, Stefan Muehlbauer
and Paw Juul to serve as the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Technology Officer, respectively, of the
Company. 

Transition
Employment Agreement with Sune Mathiesen 

On
February 14, 2023, we entered into an executive service agreement with Mr. Mathiesen, effective as of January 14, 2023, providing for
his employment as our Chief Executive Officer (the CEO Agreement ). 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 30 

Pursuant
to the CEO Agreement, Mr. Mathiesen is entitled to an initial annual base salary of 300,000 and annual pension contributions that amount
to 10 of Mr. Mathiesen s annual base salary. The CEO Agreement also indicates that Mr. Mathiesen shall be eligible to receive
(i) an annual cash bonus of up to 150 of his base salary pursuant to a separate bonus agreement and (ii) a stock-based bonus of up
to 100 of his annual base salary pursuant to a separate stock grant agreement. Under the CEO Agreement, Mr. Mathiesen is also entitled
to a company car, and we will pay for all expenses related to such company car. 

The
CEO Agreement is non-terminable until December 31, 2025, after which date, upon providing 12 months advance notice, the CEO Agreement
may be terminated by either Mr. Mathiesen or us. 

The
CEO Agreement contains a perpetual confidentiality requirement. 

U.S.
Employment Agreement with Sune Mathiesen 

Upon
Mr. Mathiesen s relocation to the U.S., we intend to enter into a new executive employment agreement with him to replace the CEO
Agreement and provide for Mr. Mathiesen s continued employment as our Chief Executive Officer (the U.S. CEO
Agreement through December 31, 2025 (the U.S. CEO Agreement Expiration
Date ), except upon the earlier termination of the U.S. CEO Agreement as discussed below. Following the U.S. CEO Agreement
Expiration Date, the U.S. CEO Agreement may be terminated by Mr. Mathiesen or us for any reason. 

Pursuant
to the U.S. CEO Agreement, Mr. Mathiesen will be entitled to an annual base salary of approximately 300,000 and will be eligible to
participate in our retirement plan, subject to the eligibility terms and conditions of such plan. The U.S. CEO Agreement also
indicates that Mr. Mathiesen shall be eligible to receive (i) an annual cash bonus of up to 150 of his base salary pursuant to a
separate bonus agreement and (ii) a stock-based bonus of up to 100 of his base salary pursuant to a separate stock grant agreement.
Under the U.S. CEO Agreement, Mr. Mathiesen also will be: (i) entitled to a company car, and we will pay for all expenses related to such
company car; (ii) the reimbursement of reasonable moving costs to the Houston area; and (iii) for so long as Mr. Mathiesen remains
employed by us, for up to the initial two consecutive years following the date Mr. Mathiesen relocates to the Houston area,
reimbursement for reasonable housing costs in the Houston area, up to a total amount of 5,000 per month. 

Pursuant
to the U.S. CEO Agreement, if Mr. Mathiesen s employment is involuntarily terminated by us without Cause (as defined below) or
by reason of his death or Disability (as defined below), then, subject to his timely execution and non-revocation of a release of claims,
in addition to compensation that has been earned but not yet paid, he will be entitled to a severance amount equal to his then current
base monthly salary from the date of his termination until the U.S. CEO Agreement Expiration Date, or, if such termination occurs after
the U.S. CEO Agreement Expiration Date, his then current base monthly salary for a period of 12 months following his date of termination. 

For
purposes of the U.S. CEO Agreement, Cause means: (i) any act by Mr. Mathiesen that is materially detrimental to our best
interests or that constitutes common law fraud, a felony or any other criminal act involving moral turpitude; (ii) gross misconduct,
material neglect or any act of disloyalty or dishonesty by Mr. Mathiesen related to or connected with Mr. Mathiesen s employment
by us or otherwise likely to cause material harm to us or our reputation; (iii) a material violation by Mr. Mathiesen of our written
policies, codes of conduct or direction of our board of directors; (iv) wrongful appropriation by Mr. Mathiesen of our funds or property
or other material breach of Mr. Mathiesen s fiduciary duties to us; or (v) the material breach of the U.S. CEO Agreement by Mr.
Mathiesen, or any other written agreement between us and Mr. Mathiesen. 

For
purposes of the U.S. CEO Agreement, Disability means the inability of Mr. Mathiesen to perform on a full-time basis the
duties and responsibilities of Mr. Mathiesen s employment with us by reason of Mr. Mathiesen s illness or other physical
or mental impairment or condition, if such inability continues for an uninterrupted period of 120 days or more during any 180 day period.
A period of inability is uninterrupted unless and until Mr. Mathiesen returns to full time work for a continuous period
of at least 30 days. 

The
U.S. CEO Agreement requires Mr. Mathiesen to enter into a confidentiality and restrictive covenant agreement, which contains a 12 month
post-termination non-solicitation requirement and a perpetual confidentiality requirement, among other terms and conditions. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 31 

Employment
Agreement with Stefan Muehlbauer 

On
February 14, 2023, we entered into an executive employment agreement with Stefan Muehlbauer providing for his employment as our Chief Financial Officer (the CFO Agreement ), or such other role as determined by
us from time to time, through January 31, 2024 (the
 CFO Agreement Term ), except upon the earlier termination of the CFO Agreement as discussed below. After the expiration
of the CFO Agreement Term, Mr. Muehlbauer shall resign from any positions that he holds. 

Pursuant
to the CFO Agreement, Mr. Muehlbauer is entitled to an annual base salary of 125,000 and will be eligible to participate in our benefit
plan, subject to the eligibility terms and conditions of such plans or programs. The CFO Agreement also indicates that Mr. Muehlbauer
shall be eligible to receive a one-time cash bonus of 25,000 at the end of the CFO Agreement Term, subject to Mr. Muehlbauer remaining employed through the expiration of the CFO Agreement Term. 

The
CFO Agreement may be terminated by either Mr. Muehlbauer or us, if either party provides 30 days advance notice. Further, we may
terminate the CFO Agreement immediately without notice if Mr. Muehlbauer is in breach of the CFO Agreement or for other
serious cause. 

The
CFO Agreement requires Mr. Muehlbauer to enter into a confidentiality and restrictive covenant agreement, which contains a 12 month post-termination
non-solicitation requirement, a 24 month post-termination non-disparagement requirement, a 12 month post-termination, non-competition
requirement, and a perpetual confidentiality requirement, among other terms and conditions. 

Transition
Employment Agreement with Paw Juul 

On February 14, 2023, we
entered into an executive service agreement with Mr. Juul, effective as of January 14, 2023, providing for his employment as our Chief
Technology Officer (the CTO Agreement ). 

Pursuant
to the CTO Agreement, Mr. Juul is entitled to an initial annual base salary of approximately 300,000 and annual pension
contributions that amount to 10 of Mr. Juul s annual base salary. The CTO Agreement also indicates that Mr. Juul shall be
eligible to receive (i) an annual cash bonus of up to 150 of his base salary pursuant to a separate bonus agreement and (ii) a
stock-based bonus of up to 100 of his annual base salary pursuant to a separate stock grant agreement. Under the CTO Agreement,
Mr. Juul is also entitled to a company car, and we will pay for all expenses related to such company car. 

The
CTO Agreement is non-terminable until December 31, 2025, after which date, upon providing 12 months advance notice, the CTO Agreement
may be terminated by either Mr. Juul or us. 

The
CTO Agreement contains a perpetual confidentiality requirement. 

U.S.
Employment Agreement with Paw Juul 

Upon Mr. Juul s relocation to the U.S., we intend to enter into a new executive employment agreement with him to replace the CTO
Agreement and provide for Mr. Juul s continued employment as our Chief Technology Officer (the U.S. CTO
Agreement through December 31, 2025 (the U.S. CTO Agreement Expiration
Date ), except upon the earlier termination of the U.S. CTO Agreement as discussed below. Following the U.S. CTO Agreement
Expiration Date, the U.S. CTO Agreement may be terminated by Mr. Juul or us for any reason. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 32 

Pursuant
to the U.S. CTO Agreement, Mr. Juul will be entitled to an annual base salary of 300,000 and will be eligible to participate in our
retirement plan, subject to the eligibility terms and conditions of such plan. The U.S. CTO Agreement also indicates that Mr. Juul
shall be eligible to receive (i) an annual cash bonus of up to 150 of his base salary pursuant to a separate bonus agreement and
(ii) a stock-based bonus of up to 100 of his base salary pursuant to a separate stock grant agreement. Under the U.S. CTO
Agreement, Mr. Juul also will be: (i) entitled to a company car, and we will pay for all expenses related to such company car; (ii) the
reimbursement of reasonable moving costs to the Houston area; and (iii) for so as Mr. Juul remains employed by us, for up to the
initial two consecutive years following the date Mr. Juul relocates to the Houston area, reimbursement for reasonable housing costs
in the Houston area, up to a total amount of 5,000 per month. 

Pursuant
to the U.S. CTO Agreement, if Mr. Juul s employment is involuntarily terminated by us without Cause (as defined below) or by reason
of his death or Disability (as defined below), then, subject to his timely execution and non-revocation of a release of claims, in addition
to compensation that has been earned but not yet paid, he will be entitled to a severance amount equal to his then current base monthly
salary from the date of his termination until the U.S. CTO Agreement Expiration Date, or, if such termination occurs after the U.S. CTO
Agreement Expiration Date, his then current base monthly salary for a period of 12 months following his date of termination. 

For
purposes of the U.S. CTO Agreement, Cause means: (i) any act by Mr. Juul that is materially detrimental to our best interests
or that constitutes common law fraud, a felony or any other criminal act involving moral turpitude; (ii) gross misconduct, material neglect
or any act of disloyalty or dishonesty by Mr. Juul related to or connected with Mr. Juul s employment by us or otherwise likely
to cause material harm to us or our reputation; (iii) a material violation by Mr. Juul of our written policies, codes of conduct or direction
of our board of directors; (iv) wrongful appropriation by Mr. Juul of our funds or property or other material breach of Mr. Juul s
fiduciary duties to us; or (v) the material breach of the U.S. CTO Agreement by Mr. Juul, or any other written agreement between us and
Mr. Juul. 

For
purposes of the U.S. CTO Agreement, Disability means the inability of Mr. Juul to perform on a full-time basis the duties
and responsibilities of Mr. Juul s employment with us by reason of Mr. Juul s illness or other physical or mental impairment
or condition, if such inability continues for an uninterrupted period of 120 days or more during any 180 day period. A period of inability
is uninterrupted unless and until Mr. Juul returns to full time work for a continuous period of at least 30 days. 

The
U.S. CTO Agreement requires Mr. Juul to enter into a confidentiality and restrictive covenant agreement, which contains a 12 month post-termination,
non-solicitation requirement and a perpetual confidentiality requirement, among other terms and conditions. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 33 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Holders and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock on March 1, 2023 by (a) each person who
is known by us to beneficially own 5 or more of our common stock, (b) each of our directors and executive officers, and (c) all of our
directors and executive officers as a group. Beneficial ownership is determined according to the
rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he, she or it possesses sole or shared
voting or investment power over that security, which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of the security or
the right to acquire such powers within 60 days. In computing the number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned by a person
or entity and the percentage ownership, the Company deemed outstanding shares of its common stock subject to options held by that person
or entity that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of March 1, 2023. The Company did not deem these shares outstanding,
however, for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person or entity. Unless otherwise noted, the address
of each beneficial owner is c/o Sustainable Projects Group Inc., 2316 Pine Ridge Rd #383, Naples, Florida. 

The
beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock is based on 287,190,813 shares of the Company s common stock issued
and outstanding as of March 1, 2023. 

Name 
 Number
 of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage
 of Shares Beneficially Owned (2) 

Greater
 than 5 Stockholders 

Kestrel
 Flight Fund LLC (1) 
 71,797,703 
 25.0 

A NP14
 ApS (2) 
 21,700,059 
 7.6 

Directors
 and Executive Officers 

Sune
 Mathiesen (3) 
 92,483,587 
 32.2 

Stefan
 Muehlbauer 
 1,000,000 
 0.3 

Paw
 Juul (4) 
 92,483,587 
 32.2 

All
 directors and executive officers as a group (3 persons) 
 185,967,174 
 64.8 

Less
 than one percent of outstanding shares. 

(1) 
 Albert
 Hanser is the Managing Partner of Kestrel Flight Fund LLC. The address of Kestrel Flight Fund LLC is 149 Meadowbrook Road, Weston,
 Massachusetts 02493. 

(2) 
 Aldo
 Petersen is the managing director of A NP14 ApS. The address of A NP14 ApS is Amaliegade 6, DK-1256 K benhavn
 K. 

(3) 
 Consists
 of 92,483,587 shares owned directly by Sune Mathiesen Holding ApS. Mr. Mathiesen is the managing director of Sune Mathiesen Holding
 ApS. 

(4) 
 Consists
 of 92,483,587 shares owned by FENO Holding ApS. Mr. Juul is the managing director of FENO Holding ApS. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 34 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Transactions
with Related Persons 

We
describe below transactions or series of similar transactions, since January 1, 2021, or currently proposed, to which we were a party
or will be a party, in which, the amounts involved exceeded 120,000 or 1 of the Company s total assets, whichever is less; and 

any
 of our directors, executive officers or beneficial holders of more than 5 of any class of our capital stock, or
 any immediate family member of, or person sharing the household with, any of these individuals or entities, had or will have
 a direct or indirect material interest. 

Securities
Exchange Agreement 

On
February 14, 2023, SPGX entered into the Agreement with Lithium Harvest and the Shareholders. Pursuant to the terms of the
Agreement, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Lithium Harvest in exchange for issuing to the
Shareholders 206,667,233 shares of SPGX s common stock. The Exchange
Transaction closed on February 14, 2023. 

Following the issuance to the Shareholders of the shares of the Company s common stock, the Shareholders hold approximately
72 of the outstanding voting power and capital stock of the Company and the holders of SPGX s common stock prior to the
Exchange Transaction hold approximately 3 . The Shareholders include Sune Mathiesen Holding ApS, of which Mr. Mathiesen is the
managing director; FENO Holding ApS, of which Mr. Juul is the managing director; and A NP14 ApS, of which Mr. Petersen is the
managing director, which entities hold 32.2 , 32.2 and 7.6 , respectively, of the outstanding voting power and capital stock of the
Company. Kestrel Flight Fund LLC, which held a convertible loan issued by the Company prior to the Exchange Transaction, holds
approximately 25 of the outstanding voting power and capital stock of the Company. 

The
Company s Related Party Transactions 

As
described above, Albert Hanser is the Managing Partner of Kestrel Flight Fund LLC and directly or indirectly holds 25 of the issued
and outstanding shares in the Company. Kestrel Flight Fund LLC loaned the Company 100,000 pursuant to a Loan Agreement dated July 21,
2021, by and between the Company and Kestrel Flight Fund LLC, which was subsequently amended on June 22, 2022, to increase the loan amount
by 25,000 to a total of 125,000 (the Loan ). The Loan accrued interest at the rate of 10 per annum and converted into
the Company s common stock upon the effectiveness of the Exchange Transaction. 

Lithium
Harvest s Related Party Transactions 

Lithium
Harvest has purchased services from Masu Consult ApS, which is wholly owned by Sune Mathiesen, in the total amount of 249,913, and the
Company has outstanding invoices from Masu Consult ApS in the total amount of 249,913. 

Director
independence 

The
Company s board of directors currently consists of Stefan Muehlbauer and Sune Mathiesen. Pursuant to Item 407(a)(1)(ii) of
Regulation S-K of the Securities Act, the Company s board of directors has adopted the definition of independent director 
as set forth in Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules. In summary, an independent director means a person other than
an executive officer or employee of the Company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the Company s
board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgement in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. 

As
of the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company did not maintain a separately designated audit, compensation or nominating
committee. 

The
Company has also adopted the heightened definitions of independence applicable to members of audit and compensation committees under
the Nasdaq Listing Rules. The Company s board of directors has determined that none of the company s directors as of the
date of this report are independent for purposes of 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules and the rules applicable to
audit and compensation committee members. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 35 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

Audit
Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the Company s
audit of annual financial statements and for review of financial statements included in the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for
those fiscal years was: 

2022
- 24,600 

 2021
- 19,000 

Audit-Related
Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for assurance and related services by the principal accountants that are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s financial statements and are not reported in the preceding paragraph: 

2022
- nil 

 2021
- nil 

Tax
Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax compliance,
tax advice, and tax planning was: 

2022
- nil 

 2021
- nil 

All
Other Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for the products and services provided by the principal accountant, other
than the services reported in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) was: 

2022
- nil 

 2021
- nil 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

1.
Financial Statements 

Financial
statements of Sustainable Projects Group Inc. have been included in Item 8 above. 

2.
Financial Statement Schedules 

All
schedules for which provision is made in Regulation S-X are either not required to be included herein under the related instructions
or are inapplicable or the related information is included in the footnotes to the applicable financial statement and, therefore, have
been omitted from this Item 15. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 36 

3.
Exhibits 

The
exhibits listed in the following exhibit index are filed as part of this report. 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Securities Exchange Agreement, among the Company, Lithium Harvest ApS and, for certain limited purposes, its shareholders, dated as of February 14, 2023, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 14, 2023. 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation and Certificate of Amendment, dated September 4, 2009, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on September 13, 2010. 

3.2 
 
 By-Laws, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on September 13, 2010. 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated August 16, 2010, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on September 13, 2010. 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated November 9, 2016, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 19, 2016. 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated November 18, 2017 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 26, 2017. 

10.1 
 
 Executive Service Agreement, by and between the Company and Sune Mathiesen, dated as of February 14, 2023, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 14, 2023. 

10.2 
 
 Form of Employment Agreement, by and between the Company and Sune Mathiesen, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 14, 2023. 

10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement, by and between the Company and Stefan Muehlbauer, dated as of February 14, 2023, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 14, 2023. 

10.4 
 
 Executive Service Agreement, by and between the Company and Paw Juul, dated as of February 14, 2023, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 14, 2023. 

10.5 
 
 Form of Employment Agreement, by and between the Company and Paw Juul, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 14, 2023. 

14 
 
 Code of Ethics, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on September 13, 2010. 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 14, 2023. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of principal financial officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of principal financial officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101

Financial
 statements from the annual report on Form 10-K of Sustainable Projects Group Inc. for the period ended December 31, 2022, formatted
 in Inline XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss; (iii)
 the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit), and (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. (included) 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). (included) 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 37 

Signatures 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized person. 

Sustainable
 projects Group Inc. 

By: 
 /s/
 Sune Mathiesen 

Name:
 
 Sune
 Mathiesen 

Title: 
 President
 CEO 

Dated: 
 March
 31, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated have signed this report below. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Sune Mathiesen 
 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Sune
 Mathiesen 

/s/
 Stefan Muehlbauer 
 
 Chief Financial Officers 
 (principal financial and principal accounting officer) 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Stefan
 Muehlbauer 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 38 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES 

 EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Sune Mathiesen, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sustainable Projects Group Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Sune Mathiesen 

Sune
 Mathiesen 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES 

 EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Stefan Muehlbauer, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sustainable Projects Group Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Stefan Muehlbauer 

Stefan
 Muehlbauer 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Sustainable Projects Group Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Sune Mathiesen, President
and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

/s/
 Sune Mathiesen 

Sune
 Mathiesen 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Sustainable Projects Group Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Stefan Muehlbauer, Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

/s/
 Stefan Muehlbauer 

Stefan
 Muehlbauer 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 spgx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 spgx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 spgx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 spgx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

