<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1828723_0001828723-23-000051.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16409755</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>433900</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5722710</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4050719</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3268579</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2722462</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001828723-23-000051.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330061544
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001828723-23-000051
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		127
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Altus Power, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001828723
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		IRS NUMBER:				853448396
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39798
		FILM NUMBER:		23777053

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 ATLANTIC STREET, 6TH FLOOR
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06902
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(203) 698-0090

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 ATLANTIC STREET, 6TH FLOOR
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06902

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CBRE Acquisition Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201016

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001828723-23-000051.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 amps-20221231.htm
 10-K

amps-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 , 
 , 
 ) 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant's Class A shares outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant at June 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant's most recently completed second quarter, was (based on the closing sales price of the Class A shares on June 30, 2022, of 6.31). 
 
 As of March 10, 2023, there were shares of the registrant's Class A common stock outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page No. PART I 
 Item 1 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 6 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 27 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 27 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 
 PART II 
 Item 5 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 29 
 Item 6 
 Reserved 29 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 48 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 50 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 90 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 90 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 91 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 91 
 PART III 
 Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 92 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 92 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 92 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 92 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 92 
 PART IV 
 Item 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 93 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 95 

PART I 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 The statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements can generally be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms anticipate, believe, could, continue, expect, estimate, may, plan, outlook, future and project and other similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. These statements, which involve risks and uncertainties, relate to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable and may also relate to our future prospects, developments and business strategies. These statements are based on our management s current expectations and beliefs, as well as a number of assumptions concerning future events. 
 Such forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other important factors, many of which are outside our control that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other important factors include, but are not limited to: 
 our ability to successfully integrate into our business and recognize the anticipated benefits of recently completed business combinations and related transactions and generate profit from their operations; 
 our ability to retain customers and maintain and expand relationships with business partners, suppliers and customers; 
 the risk of litigation and/or regulatory actions related to the proposed acquisition of solar assets; 
 changes in applicable laws or regulations; 
 the possibility that we may be adversely affected by other economic, business, regulatory and/or competitive factors; 
 and other factors detailed herein under the section entitled Risk Factors. 
 These forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve a number of judgments, risks and uncertainties. Important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated or implied by forward-looking statements such as those contained in documents we have filed with the SEC. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date, and we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 As a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, our actual results or performance may be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. For a discussion of the risks involved in our business and investing in our common stock, see the section entitled Risk Factors . 
 Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 
 Market and Industry Data 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes market and industry data and forecasts that Altus has derived from publicly available information, reports of governmental agencies, various industry publications, other published industry sources and internal data and estimates. All market and industry data used herein involve a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such estimates. Although we are responsible for the disclosure contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and we believe the information from industry publications and other third-party sources included herein is reliable, such information is inherently imprecise and we have not had this information verified by any independent sources. The industry in which Altus operates is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, including those described in the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled Risk Factors . These and other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in the estimates made by the independent parties and by us. 
 1 

Item 1. Business 
 Each of the terms Altus, the Company, we, our, us, and similar terms used herein refer collectively to Altus Power Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise stated. 
 
 Company Overview 
 We are a developer, owner and operator of large-scale roof, ground and carport-based photovoltaic (" PV ") and energy storage systems, serving commercial and industrial, public sector and community solar customers. Our mission is to create a clean electrification ecosystem and drive the clean energy transition of our customers across the United States while simultaneously enabling the adoption of corporate environmental, social and governance, or ESG, targets. In order to achieve our mission, we develop, own and operate solar generation and energy storage facilities. We believe we have the in-house expertise to develop, build and provide operations and maintenance and customer servicing for our assets. The strength of our platform is enabled by premier sponsorship from The Blackstone Group (" Blackstone "), which provides an efficient capital source and access to a network of portfolio companies, and CBRE Group, Inc. (" CBRE "), which provides direct access to its portfolio of owned and managed commercial and industrial C I properties. 
 We own systems across the United States from Hawaii to Vermont. Our portfolio consists of 470 megawatts MW of solar PV. We have long-term power purchase agreements (" PPAs ") with over 300 C I entities and contracts with over 5,000 residential customers which are serviced by approximately 40 megawatts of community solar projects currently in operation. We have agreements to install over 70 additional megawatts of community solar projects, all of which are in advanced stages of development. Our community solar projects are currently servicing customers in 5 states with projects in two additional states currently under construction. We also participate in numerous renewable energy credit REC programs throughout the country. We have experienced significant growth in the last 12 months as a product of organic growth and targeted acquisitions and currently operate in 22 states, providing clean electricity to our customers equal to the electricity consumption of approximately 60,000 homes, displacing 320,000 tons of CO 2 emissions per annum. 
 Through our strategic capital deployment, we are able to build and operate clean energy systems on commercial properties, schools and municipal buildings. The electricity we generate helps customers to reduce electricity bills, progress towards decarbonization targets and support resource management needs throughout the asset lifecycles. Our primary product offering is entering into leases or easements with building or landowners and revenue contracts to sell the power generated by the solar energy system to various commercial, utility, municipal and community solar off takers. In addition to sale of clean power, we also address our customer's needs through electric vehicle (" EV ") charging and energy storage offerings. 
 Our offering provides multiple advantages to our customers relative to the status quo: 
 Lower electricity bills. Our streamlined process allows for solar energy credits to apply directly to customers' utility bills, which allows them to realize immediate savings. In addition, our PPAs are typically priced to include a day one savings as compared to the existing utility rates. 
 Increase accessibility of clean electricity. Through our use of community solar, we provide clean electricity to customers who otherwise would not have been able to construct on-site solar, such as apartment and condominium customers. This increases the total addressable market and enables energy security for all. 
 Supporting clean energy ecosystem. Demand for clean sources of electricity is anticipated only to increase. We strive to support our customers in their continued transition to the clean energy ecosystem through our solar PV and storage systems, as well as our EV charging stations. We expect that our continued growth and expansion of product offerings will allow us to support even more customers in this transition. 
 
 We own all of our solar systems, which we build and install, with equipment sourced from a wide variety of suppliers. We purchase all major components of the systems we construct, including solar modules, inverters, racking systems, transformers, medium voltage equipment, monitoring equipment and balance of system equipment. All of the labor for the construction of these systems is subcontracted under our standard contracts. 
 We believe our robust and actionable pipeline is the result of our deep network of developers and channel partners with local expertise, which is beneficial in the many markets where we are active. Our wholly-owned in-house construction company provides expertise in asset development that aids the success of our pipeline projects. Further, we believe that our ability to source favorable development and operating solar projects, our strategic asset financing structure, combined with the demand for clean energy provide us with a competitive advantage and a unique position in the solar power industry. 
 Merger with CBRE Acquisition Holdings, Inc. 
 On December 9, 2021 (the " Closing Date "), CBRE Acquisition Holdings, Inc. (" CBAH "), a special purpose acquisition company, consummated the business combination pursuant to the terms of the business combination agreement entered into on July 12, 2021 (the " Business Combination Agreement "), whereby, among other things, CBAH Merger Sub I, Inc. (" First Merger 
 2 

Sub ") merged with and into Altus Power, Inc. (f/k/a Altus Power America, Inc.) (" Legacy Altus ") with Legacy Altus continuing as the surviving corporation, and immediately thereafter Legacy Altus merged with and into CBAH Merger Sub II, Inc. (" Second Merger Sub ") with Second Merger Sub continuing as the surviving entity and as a wholly owned subsidiary of CBAH (together with the merger with the First Merger sub, the Merger ). 
 Following the closing of the Business Combination Agreement, Altus' Class A common stock and Public Warrants were listed on the NYSE under the symbols AMPS and AMPS WS , respectively. The Public Warrants have been fully redeemed by the Company, stopped trading on the NYSE on October 14, 2022, and were delisted. 
 Total Addressable Market 
 Electricity demand has been evolving for many years, but the progress has accelerated with the renewable targets and decarbonization goals established by many corporations transitioning to clean electricity generation. The demand is coming from multiple industry segments, including the public sector, the private sector and residential customers. Historically, the C I market has been under-penetrated by traditional utility-scale solar PV providers due to the smaller scale of projects and difficulties associated with scaling nationally. We believe we are well equipped to drive the C I growth segment of the solar PV market through our existing national partner footprint, efficient acquisition and deployment strategies and standardized approach to customer contracts and asset financing. 
 We believe the confluence of multiple clean energy trends creates a significant market opportunity. According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration EIA ), the U.S. spends 400 billion on electricity each year, of which 200 billion is spent on C I. An additional 98 billion of investment will be required to meet the U.S. s 2030 sustainability goals. Further, C I customers are projected to spend over 6 trillion on electricity between now and 2050. 
 We believe it will be necessary to rapidly increase the scale and scope of renewable generation assets in the U.S. in order to meet the various targets and commitments set by corporations and governments and that through our strategic partnerships and market-leading financing, Altus is well equipped to help meet this demand and lead in the clean energy transition. 
 Commitment to Environmental, Social and Governance Leadership 
 Altus Power was founded to address the urgent need to transform the way we generate and consume power. Our mission to create a clean electrification ecosystem that can provide renewable energy to every business, home and electric vehicle is intrinsically linked to clean, renewable power as the foundation for a sustainable future. 
 We believe that leadership in environmental, social and governance (" ESG ") practices is central to accomplishing our mission, so we continue to take steps to address the environmental and social risks of our operations and products. To this end, we have established a Corporate Social Responsibility Committee that is dedicated to implementing and improving upon already existing sustainability practices throughout our company. Our team is passionate about empowering communities and businesses to accelerate the global energy transition while also doing everything we can to foster a diverse, inclusive and innovative corporate culture at Altus Power. 
 Our sustainability efforts are organized into the three ESG pillars: Environment, Social, and Governance. We plan to report how we oversee and manage ESG factors in an annual sustainability report. In this report we plan to reference the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards. 
 Our Environment Pillar focuses on providing clean, affordable energy to our customers; maintaining a robust environmental management program that ensures we protect the environment in the communities where we operate and build; and helping to make our energy infrastructure more resilient and sustainable. 
 Our Social Pillar focuses on attracting and retaining a team of talented individuals, while offering opportunities for growth and development; building a diverse and inclusive work force; and ensuring a safety-first workplace for our employees through proper training, policies and protocols. 
 Our Governance Pillar focuses on adhering to the highest standards of corporate governance, ethical business conduct, transparency, honesty, and integrity while developing a strong and resilient company. We strive to support ethically sourced products and materials and encourage the partners in our supply-chain to abide by our Supplier Code of Conduct. 
 All of our actions and each of our ESG pillars are underpinned by the goal of driving the clean energy transition of our customers across the United States. 
 
 Our Digital Platform 
 Altus leverages best in class enterprise software solutions to manage our operations as well as a series of proprietary capture and management tools. Altus utilizes this suite of tools and interfaces to create value for customers with asset 
 3 

performance tracking, analytics, real time data generation and to meet our forecast objectives. Altus' analytics infrastructure provides it with internally developed systems for optimizing the terms of each renewable energy project transaction in which it engages, based on the requirements of the customer. To assist customers with their ESG goals including decarbonization, Altus has developed a quantitative model to measure a building's greenhouse gas emissions and assess it in the context of global targets. 
 Altus is in the process of developing our next generation proprietary software stack to support our growth and increase our efficiency with digital tools that will enable our platforms to have full integration into our B2B and B2C lifecycles from origination through maintenance. Our systems use production data sources to ensure visibility into how projects are performing against baseline forecasts. They also provide streamlined asset registration and customer data management. We warehouse our technology and project data, contracts, and customer records and have the alert and monitoring systems developed to ensure we have maximum uptime. Our next generation proprietary software stack with AI/ML will support our growth and security, and increase our efficiency. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We sell our solar energy offerings through a scalable sales organization using a national developer base with local expertise, intermediaries that connect clients directly to Altus as well as our diverse partner network. We also generate sales volume through client referrals. Client referrals increase in relation to our penetration in a market and shortly after market entry become an increasingly effective way to market our solar energy systems. We believe that a customized, relationship-focused selling process is important before, during and after the sale of our solar services to maximize our sales success and customer experience and to generate relationships with developers that lead to repeat projects. We train our sales and marketing team in house to maximize this multi-pronged client development strategy. 
 Supply Chain 
 We purchase equipment, including solar panels, inverters and batteries from a variety of manufacturers and suppliers. If one or more of the suppliers and manufacturers that we rely upon to meet anticipated demand reduces or ceases production, it may be difficult to quickly identify and qualify alternatives on acceptable terms. In addition, equipment prices may increase in the coming years, or not decrease at the rates we historically have experienced, due to tariffs or other factors. For further information, please see the section entitled Risk Factors elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We have registered trademarks for Altus Power and the Altus Power logo, U.S. Service Mark Registration Numbers 6,764,603 and 6,751,205, respectively. We have filed a trademark application for "Village by Altus Power," U.S. Trademark Application No. 97/748,067. We have filed a patent application for the Simulation of Carbon Emissions, United States Patent Application No. 18/128,096. Altus has registered domain names, including www.altuspower.com . Information contained on or accessible through the website is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the inclusion of the website address in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is an inactive textual reference only. Altus does not currently have any issued patents. Altus has filed for a patent application on the "Simulation of Carbon Emissions" and intends to file additional patent applications as we continue to innovate through our research and development efforts. 
 Regulatory 
 Although we are not regulated as a public utility in the United States under applicable national, state or other local regulatory regimes where we conduct business, we compete primarily with regulated utilities. As a result, we have developed and are committed to maintaining a policy team to focus on the key regulatory and legislative issues impacting the entire industry. We believe these efforts help us better navigate local markets through relationships with key stakeholders and facilitate a deep understanding of the national and regional policy environment. 
 To operate our systems, we obtain interconnection permission from the applicable local primary electric utility. Depending on the size of the solar energy system and local law requirements, interconnection permission is provided by the local utility directly to us and/or our customers. In almost all cases, interconnection permissions are issued on the basis of a standard process that has been pre-approved by the local public utility commission or other regulatory body with jurisdiction over net metering policies. As such, no additional regulatory approvals are required once interconnection permission is given. 
 Our operations are subject to stringent and complex federal, state and local laws, including regulations governing the occupational health and safety of our employees and wage regulations. For example, we are subject to the requirements of the federal Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended OSH Act ), and comparable state laws that protect and regulate employee health and safety. We endeavor to maintain compliance with applicable OSH Act and other comparable government regulations. 
 Government Incentives 
 4 

Federal, state and local government bodies provide incentives to owners, distributors, system integrators and manufacturers of solar energy systems to promote solar energy in the form of rebates, tax credits, payments for RECs associated with renewable energy generation and exclusion of solar energy systems from property tax assessments. These incentives enable us to lower the price we charge customers for energy from, and to lease, our solar energy systems, helping to catalyze customer acceptance of solar energy as an alternative to utility-provided power. In addition, for some investors, the acceleration of depreciation creates a valuable tax benefit that reduces the overall cost of the solar energy system and increases the return on investment. 
 The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA ), which was passed in August 2022, substantially changed and expanded existing federal tax benefits for renewable energy. The IRA extended the existing framework for investment tax credits ITC offered by the federal government under Section 48(a) of the Internal Revenue Code (the " Code ") for the installation of certain solar power facilities owned for business purposes. Prior to the IRA, if construction on the facility began before January 1, 2020, the amount of the ITC available was 30 , if construction began during 2020, 2021, or 2022 the amount of the ITC available was 26 , with additional step downs in later years. Projects placed in service before January 1, 2022 are still set at 26 . However, with the enactment of the IRA, solar power facilities installed between 2022 and 2032 will receive a 30 ITC of the cost of installed equipment for ten years so long as the facilities meet wage and apprenticeship requirements or are less than 1 MWac, which will decrease to 26 for solar power facilities installed in 2033 and to 22 for solar power facilities installed in 2034; and for those solar power facilities installed in 2022, the ITC has increased from 22 to 30 if the ITC has not yet been claimed. The prevailing wage rates also must be paid for alteration and repair during the 5 years after a project is placed in service. 
 Pursuant to the IRA, certain ITC projects are eligible for a 10 domestic content bonus so long as the facilities meet wage and apprenticeship requirements, if all the steel and iron are produced in the United States and at least 40 of the facility is produced in the United States, which domestic content percentage requirement increases for facilities that start construction after 2024 and eventually reach 55 for projects which begin construction in 2027 or later. 
 Pursuant to the IRA, certain ITC projects are eligible for an additional 10 or 20 energy community bonus so long as the facilities meet wage and apprenticeship requirements, and if the facility owner applies for and receives an environmental justice allocation from the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS ). Solar (and certain related storage) facilities that are less than 5 MWac that are either located in a low-income community or on Indian land, or are part of a qualified low-income residential building project or a qualified low-income economic benefit project qualify. For example, qualified low-income economic benefit projects can receive a 20 bonus if low-income households receive at least one-half of the financial benefits. The IRS provided taxpayers guidance in Notice 2023-18 for determining the requirements for allocation of the ITC bonus. The IRA also included additional incentives, including in relation to stand-alone storage and claiming interconnection costs under the ITC in certain situations. 
 In addition to the incentives at the federal government, more than half of the states, and many local jurisdictions, have established property tax incentives for renewable energy systems that include exemptions, exclusions, abatements and credits. Approximately thirty states and the District of Columbia have adopted a renewable portfolio standard (and approximately eight other states have some voluntary goal) that requires regulated utilities to procure a specified percentage of total electricity delivered in the state from eligible renewable energy sources, such as solar energy systems, by a specified date. To prove compliance with such mandates, utilities must surrender solar renewable energy credits SRECs to the applicable authority. Solar energy system owners such as our investment funds often are able to sell SRECs to utilities directly or in SREC markets. While there are numerous federal, state and local government incentives that benefit our business, some adverse interpretations or determinations of new and existing laws can have a negative impact on our business. 
 Corporate Information 
 Legacy Altus was originally formed as Altus Power America LLC as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware on September 4, 2013, converted to a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on October 10, 2014, and changed its name to Altus Power, Inc. on July 7, 2021. Legacy Altus then changed its name to Altus Solar, Inc. on December 8, 2021, and on December 9, 2021, was merged with and into a subsidiary of CBRE Acquisition Holdings, Inc. in connection with the closing of the Merger. At such time, Legacy Altus was renamed Altus Power, LLC. At the same time, CBRE Acquisition Holdings, Inc., a corporation formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on October 13, 2020, was renamed Altus Power, Inc. on December 9, 2021. Our principal executive offices are located at 2200 Atlantic Street, 6th Floor, Stamford, CT 06902, and our telephone number is (203) 698-0090. 
 The Altus design logo, Altus and our other common law trademarks, service marks or trade names appearing in this prospectus are the property of Altus. Other trademarks and trade names referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of their respective owners. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, Altus had 62 employees, of which 59 were full-time employees. As of December 31, 2022, none of Altus s employees are represented by a labor union or are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We believe that our employee relations are good. 
 5 

In shaping our culture, we aim to combine a high standard of excellence, technological innovation and agility and operational and financial discipline. We believe that our flat and transparent structure and our collaborative and collegial approach enable our employees to grow, develop and maximize their impact on our organization. To attract and retain top talent in our highly competitive industry, we have designed our compensation and benefits programs to promote the retention and growth of our employees along with their health, well-being and financial security. Our short- and long-term incentive programs are aligned with key business objectives and are intended to motivate strong performance. Our employees are eligible for medical, dental and vision insurance, a savings/retirement plan, life and disability insurance, and various wellness programs and we review the competitiveness of our compensation and benefits periodically. As an equal opportunity employer, all qualified applicants receive consideration without regard to race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age or any other legally protected status. 
 We seek to create an inclusive, equitable, culturally competent, and supportive environment where our management and employees model behavior that enriches our workplace. We plan to form a diversity and inclusion committee to help further these goals and objectives. This committee will focus on broadening recruitment efforts, increasing awareness of diversity and inclusiveness related issues through internal trainings and communications, and mentorship. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Investing in our securities involves risks. Before you make a decision to transact in our securities, you should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including matters addressed in the section titled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, as well as our audited financial statements and notes thereto. If any of the risks discussed herein actually occur, it may materially harm our business, operations, financial condition or prospects. As a result, the market price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. These risk factors are not exhaustive, and investors are encouraged to perform their own investigation with respect to Altus and its business, operations, financial condition and prospects. Altus may face additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us, or that our management currently deems immaterial, which may also impair Altus s business, operations, financial condition or prospects. 
 
 Summary of Risks Related to Altus s Business 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted in the section titled " Risk Factors ," which represent challenges that we face in connection with the successful implementation of our strategy and growth of our business. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in that section, alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. These risk factors include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 If we cannot compete successfully against other solar and energy companies, we may not be successful in developing our operations and our business may suffer; 
 With respect to providing electricity on a price-competitive basis, solar systems face competition from traditional regulated electric utilities, from less-regulated third party energy service providers and from new renewable energy companies; 
 A material reduction in the retail price of traditional utility-generated electricity or electricity from other sources could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects; 
 Due to the limited number of suppliers in our industry, the acquisition of any of these suppliers by a competitor or any shortage, delay, quality issue, price change, or other limitations in our ability to obtain requisite components or technologies we use could result in adverse effects; 
 Although our business has benefited from the declining cost of solar panels in the past, our financial results may be harmed with the recent increase in the price of solar panels, and our costs overall may continue to increase in the future due to further increases in the cost of solar panels and tariffs on imported solar panels imposed by the U.S. government; 
 The operation and maintenance of our facilities is subject to many operational risks, the consequences of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects; 
 Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could suffer if we do not proceed with projects under development or are unable to complete the construction of, or capital improvements to, facilities on schedule or within budget; 
 We face risks related to project siting, financing, construction, permitting, supply chain delays, governmental approvals and the negotiation of project development agreements that may impede their development and operating activities; and 
 6 

While our growth strategy includes seeking acquisitions of operating solar power generation assets and portfolios, we may not be successful in identifying or making any acquisitions in the future. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, and integration of these acquisitions may disrupt our business and management. 
 
 Business and Operational Risks 
 Our growth strategy depends on the widespread adoption of solar power technology. 
 The market for solar power products is emerging and rapidly evolving, and our future success is uncertain. If solar power technology proves unsuitable for widespread commercial deployment or if demand for solar power products fails to develop sufficiently, we would be unable to generate enough revenues to achieve and sustain profitability and positive cash flow. The factors influencing the widespread adoption of solar power technology include but are not limited to: 
 cost-effectiveness of solar power technologies as compared with conventional and non-solar alternative energy technologies; 
 performance and reliability of solar power products as compared with conventional and non-solar alternative energy products; 
 continued deregulation of the electric power industry and broader energy industry; 
 fluctuations in economic and market conditions which impact the viability of conventional and non-solar alternative energy sources, such as increases or decreases in the prices of oil and other fossil fuels; and 
 availability of governmental subsidies and incentives. 
 
 If we cannot compete successfully against other solar and energy companies, we may not be successful in developing our operations and our business may suffer. 
 The solar and energy industries are characterized by intense competition and rapid technological advances, both in the U.S. and internationally. We compete with solar companies with business models that are similar to ours. In addition, we compete with solar companies in the downstream value chain of solar energy. For example, we face competition from purely finance driven organizations that acquire customers and then subcontract out the installation of solar energy systems, from installation businesses that seek financing from external parties, from large construction companies and utilities, and increasingly from sophisticated electrical and roofing companies. Some of these competitors may provide energy at lower costs than we do. Further, some competitors are integrating vertically in order to ensure supply and to control costs. Many of our competitors also have significant brand name recognition and have extensive knowledge of our target markets. If we are unable to compete in the market, there will be an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 With respect to providing electricity on a price-competitive basis, solar systems face competition from traditional regulated electric utilities, from less- regulated third party energy service providers and from new renewable energy companies. 
 The solar energy and renewable energy industries are both highly competitive and continually evolving as participants strive to distinguish themselves within their markets and compete with large traditional utilities. We believe that our primary competitors are the traditional utilities that supply electricity to our potential customers. Traditional utilities generally have substantially greater financial, technical, operational and other resources than we do. As a result, these competitors may be able to devote more resources to the research, development, promotion, and sale of their products or respond more quickly to evolving industry standards and changes in market conditions than we can. Traditional utilities could also offer other value-added products or services that could help them to compete with us even if the cost of electricity they offer is higher than that of ours. In addition, a majority of utilities sources of electricity is non-solar, which may allow utilities to sell electricity more cheaply than electricity generated by our solar energy systems. 
 We also compete with companies that are not regulated like traditional utilities but have access to the traditional utility electricity transmission and distribution infrastructure pursuant to state and local pro-competitive and consumer choice policies. These energy service companies are able to offer customers electricity supply-only solutions that are competitive with our solar energy system options on both price and usage of renewable energy technology while avoiding the long-term agreements and physical installations that our current fund-financed business model requires. This may limit our ability to attract new customers, particularly those who wish to avoid long-term contracts or have an aesthetic or other objection to putting solar panels on their roofs. 
 As the solar industry grows and evolves, we will also face new competitors who are not currently in the market. Low technological barriers to entry characterize our industry and well-capitalized companies could choose to enter the market and compete with us. Our failure to adapt to changing market conditions and to compete successfully with existing or new competitors will limit our growth and will have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. 
 7 

A material reduction in the retail price of traditional utility-generated electricity or electricity from other sources could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We believe that a significant number of our customers decide to buy solar energy because they want to pay less for electricity than what is offered by the traditional utilities. However, distributed C I solar energy has yet to achieve broad market adoption as evidenced by the fact that distributed solar has penetrated less than 5 of its total addressable market in the U.S. C I sector. 
 The customer s decision to choose solar energy may also be affected by the cost of other renewable energy sources. Decreases in the retail prices of electricity from the traditional utilities or from other renewable energy sources would harm our ability to offer competitive pricing and could harm our business. The price of electricity from traditional utilities could decrease as a result of: 
 construction of a significant number of new power generation plants, including plants utilizing natural gas, nuclear, coal, renewable energy or other generation technologies; 
 relief of transmission constraints that enable local centers to generate energy less expensively; 
 reductions in the price of natural gas; 
 utility rate adjustment and customer class cost reallocation; 
 energy conservation technologies and public initiatives to reduce electricity consumption; 
 development of new or lower-cost energy storage technologies that have the ability to reduce a customer s average cost of electricity by shifting load to off-peak times; or 
 development of new energy generation technologies that provide less expensive energy 
 
 A reduction in utility electricity prices would make the purchase or the lease of our solar energy systems less economically attractive. If the retail price of energy available from traditional utilities were to decrease due to any of these reasons, or other reasons, we would be at a competitive disadvantage, we may be unable to attract new customers and our growth would be limited. 
 Due to the limited number of suppliers in our industry, the acquisition of any of these suppliers by a competitor or any shortage, delay, quality issue, price change, or other limitations in our ability to obtain components or technologies we use could result in adverse effects. 
 While we purchase our products from several different suppliers, if one or more of the suppliers that we rely upon to meet anticipated demand ceases or reduces production due to its financial condition, acquisition by a competitor, delays in receipt of component parts, or otherwise is unable to increase production as industry demand increases or is otherwise unable to allocate sufficient production to us, it may be difficult to quickly identify alternate suppliers or to qualify alternative products on commercially reasonable terms, and our ability to satisfy this demand may be adversely affected. At times, suppliers may have issues with the quality of their products, which may not be realized until the product has been installed at a customer site. This may result in additional cost incurred. There are a limited number of suppliers of solar energy system components and technologies. While we believe there are other sources of supply for these products available, transitioning to a new supplier may result in additional costs and delays in acquiring our solar products and deploying our systems. These issues could harm our business or financial performance. In addition, the acquisition of a component supplier or technology provider by one of our competitors could limit our access to such components or technologies and require significant redesigns of our solar energy systems or installation procedures, slow our growth, cause our financial results and operational metrics to suffer, and have a negative impact on our business. 
 There have also been periods of industry-wide shortages of key components, including solar panels, in times of industry disruption. The manufacturing infrastructure for some of these components has a long lead-time, requires significant capital investment and relies on the continued availability of key commodity materials, potentially resulting in an inability to meet demand for these components. The solar industry is frequently experiencing significant disruption and, as a result, shortages of key components, including solar panels, may be more likely to occur, which in turn may result in price increases for such components. Even if industry-wide shortages do not occur, suppliers may decide to allocate key components with high demand or insufficient production capacity to more profitable customers, customers with long-term supply agreements or customers other than us and our supply of such components may be reduced as a result. The supply of components from various locales is also uncertain due to COVID-19 that has resulted in travel restrictions, backlog in shipping and trucking, and shutdowns of businesses in various regions. We have accommodated such delays by pushing out our delivery dates in our timelines. 
 We purchase the components for our solar energy systems on both an as-needed basis as well as under long-term supply agreements. The vast majority of our purchases are denominated in U.S. dollars. Since our revenue is also generated in U.S. 
 8 

dollars we are mostly insulated from currency fluctuations. However, since our suppliers often incur a significant amount of their costs by purchasing raw materials and generating operating expenses in foreign currencies, if the value of the U.S. dollar depreciates significantly or for a prolonged period of time against these other currencies, this may cause our suppliers to raise the prices they charge us, which could harm our financial results. 
 On December 23, 2021, the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act was passed, responding to human rights abuses and forced labor practices in the Xinjian Uyghur Autonomous Region of China (the Xinjian Region ). It establishes a rebuttable presumption that the importation of any goods, wares, articles, and merchandise mined, produced, or manufactured wholly or in part in the Xinjiang Region, or produced by certain entities, is prohibited by Section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 and that such goods, wares, articles, and merchandise are not entitled to entry to the United States. Approximately 50 of the global supply of polysilicon, an essential material in conventional solar modules, is from the Xinjian Region, which has caused some delays in the receipt of polysilicon, affecting the solar module supply chain. The presumption applies unless the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection determines that the importer of record has complied with specified conditions and, by clear and convincing evidence, that the goods, wares, articles, or merchandise were not produced using forced labor. We are mitigating the effects of this new legislation by procuring products only from those countries and regions that have proper documentation as reviewed and approved by the U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
 Any additional supply shortages, delays, quality issues, price changes or other limitations in our ability to obtain components we use, including due to COVID-19 and as a result of the Russia invasion of Ukraine, could limit our growth, cause cancellations or adversely affect our profitability, result in loss of market share and damage to our brand, and cause our financial results and operational metrics to suffer. 
 Although our business has benefited from the declining cost of solar panels in the past, our financial results may be harmed now that the cost of solar panels has increased, and our costs overall may continue to increase in the future, due to increases in the cost of solar panels and tariffs on imported solar panels imposed by the U.S. government. 
 The declining cost of solar panels and the raw materials necessary to manufacture them in the past has been a key driver in the pricing of our solar energy systems and customer adoption of this form of renewable energy. With the increase of solar panel and raw materials prices and because our costs overall may continue to increase, our growth could slow, and our financial results could suffer. Further, the cost of solar panels and raw materials could increase in the future due to tariffs, lingering issues of COVID, the Russia invasion of Ukraine, or other factors. 
 On February 7, 2018, the U.S. government imposed a protective tariff on solar panel components for four years. On February 4, 2022, the U.S. government extended such safeguard measure for four years and doubled the volume of excluded panels from such safeguard measure from 2.5 gigawatts (" GW ") to 5 GW, and the U.S. Trade Representative USTR released the following terms of the extended tariff: 
 Year 5 Year 6 Year 7 Year 8 2/7/2022 to 2/6/2023 2/7/2023 to 2/6/2024 2/7/2024 to 2/6/2025 2/7/2025 to 2/6/2026 Safeguard Tariff on Panels and Cells 14.75 14.5 14.25 14 Cells Exempted from Tariff 5 GW 5 GW 5 GW 5 GW 
 
 As indicated in the terms, the tariff will not apply to the first 5 GW of solar cells imported in each of the four years. In addition, the tariff will not apply to bi-facial panels. Panels imported from China and Taiwan previously were subject to tariffs from a 2012 solar trade case. The current tariff applies to all countries. As a result of the protective tariffs, and if additional tariffs are imposed or other disruptions to the supply chain occur, our ability to purchase these products on competitive terms or to access specialized technologies from other countries could be limited. Any of those events could harm our financial results by requiring us to account for the cost of tariffs or to purchase solar panels or other system components from alternative, higher-priced sources. 
 On February 8, 2022, Auxin Solar, a U.S. module manufacturer petitioned the U.S. Department of Commerce to investigate whether crystalline silicon PV (" CSPV ") cells and modules assembled in Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam and Cambodia from eight solar companies are circumventing US anti-dumping and countervailing duty (" AD/CVD ") orders on cells and modules from China, which places a 100 to 250 tariff on such modules. The U.S. Department of Commerce decided to open a country-wide circumvention inquiry investigation and on December 7, 2022, the U.S. Department of Commerce made a preliminary determination that four of the eight companies being investigated are attempting to bypass U.S. duties by doing minor processing in one of the Southeast Asian countries before shipping to the United States. Because the U.S. Department of Commerce preliminarily found that circumvention was occurring through each of the four Southeast Asian countries, the U.S. Department of Commerce is making a country-wide circumvention finding, which simply designates the country as one through which solar cells and modules are being circumvented from the PRC. Companies in these countries will be permitted to certify that they are not circumventing the AD/CVD orders, in which case the circumvention findings will not apply. These findings are preliminary, 
 9 

and the U.S. Department of Commerce will conduct in-person audits in the coming months to verify the information that was the basis of its finding and all parties will have an opportunity to comment on the U.S. Department of Commerce s finding, which the U.S. Department of Commerce will fully consider before issuing its final determination, which is currently scheduled for May 1, 2023. These AD/CVD orders have impeded our ability to import solar modules from certain suppliers and we are mitigating the effects by diversifying the suppliers from whom we procure our solar modules and entering into long-term flexible supply agreements. 
 Our market is characterized by rapid technological change, which requires us to continue to develop new products and product innovations. Any delays in such development could adversely affect market adoption of our products and our financial results. 
 Continuing technological changes in battery and other EV technologies could adversely affect adoption of current EV charging technology and/or our products. Our future success will depend upon our ability to develop and introduce a variety of new capabilities and innovations to our existing product offerings, as well as introduce a variety of new product offerings, to address the changing needs of the EV charging market. As new products are introduced, gross margins have historically tended to decline until the products become more mature, with a more efficient manufacturing process. As EV technologies change, we may need to upgrade or adapt our charging station technology and introduce new products and services in order to serve vehicles that have the latest technology, in particular battery cell technology, which could involve substantial costs. Even if we are able to keep pace with changes in technology and develop new products and services, our research and development expenses could increase, our gross margins could be adversely affected in some periods and our prior products could become obsolete more quickly than expected. 
 We may not be able to release new products in a timely manner, or at all, and such new products may not achieve market acceptance. Delays in delivering new products that meet customer requirements could damage our relationships with customers and lead them to seek alternative providers. Delays in introducing products and innovations or the failure to offer innovative products or services at competitive prices may cause existing and potential customers to purchase our competitors products or services. Further, significant developments in alternative technologies, such as advances in other forms of distributed solar power generation, storage solutions such as batteries, the widespread use or adoption of fuel cells for residential or commercial properties or improvements in other forms of centralized power production may materially and adversely affect our business and prospects in ways we do not currently anticipate. Any failure by us to adopt new or enhanced technologies or processes, or to react to changes in existing technologies, could materially delay deployment of our solar energy systems, which could result in product obsolescence, the loss of competitiveness of our systems, decreased revenue and a loss of market share to competitors. 
 If we are unable to devote adequate resources to develop products or cannot otherwise successfully develop products or services that meet customer requirements on a timely basis or that remain competitive with technological alternatives, our products and services could lose market share, our revenue will decline, we may experience higher operating losses and our business and prospects will be adversely affected. 
 The operation and maintenance of our facilities are subject to many operational risks, the consequences of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 The operation, maintenance, refurbishment, construction and expansion of our facilities involve risks, including breakdown or failure of equipment or processes, fuel interruption and performance below expected levels of output or efficiency. Some of our facilities were constructed many years ago and may require significant capital expenditures to maintain peak efficiency or to maintain operations. There can be no assurance that our maintenance program will be able to detect potential failures in our facilities before they occur or eliminate all adverse consequences in the event of failure. In addition, weather-related interference, work stoppages and other unforeseen problems may disrupt the operation and maintenance of our facilities and may materially adversely affect us. 
 We have entered into ongoing maintenance and service agreements with the manufacturers of certain critical equipment. If a manufacturer is unable or unwilling to provide satisfactory maintenance or warranty support, we may have to enter into alternative arrangements with other providers. These arrangements could be more expensive to us than our current arrangements and this increased expense could have a material adverse effect on our business. If we are unable to enter into satisfactory alternative arrangements, our inability to access technical expertise or parts could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 While we maintain an inventory of, or otherwise make arrangements to obtain, spare parts to replace critical equipment and maintain insurance for property damage to protect against certain operating risks, these protections may not be adequate to cover lost revenues or increased expenses and penalties that could result if we were unable to operate our generation facilities at a level necessary to comply with sales contracts. 
 Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could suffer if we do not proceed with projects under development or are unable to complete the construction of, or capital improvements to, facilities on schedule or within budget. 
 10 

Our ability to proceed with projects under development and to complete the construction of, or capital improvements to, facilities on schedule and within budget may be adversely affected by escalating costs for materials and labor and regulatory compliance, inability to obtain or renew necessary licenses, rights-of-way, permits or other approvals on acceptable terms or on schedule, disputes involving contractors, labor organizations, land owners, governmental entities, environmental groups, Native American and aboriginal groups, lessors, joint venture partners and other third parties, negative publicity, interconnection issues and other factors. If any development project or construction or capital improvement project is not completed, is delayed or is subject to cost overruns, certain associated costs may not be approved for recovery or otherwise be recoverable through regulatory mechanisms that may be available, and we could become obligated to make delay or termination payments or become obligated for other damages under contracts, could experience the loss of tax credits or tax incentives, or delayed or diminished returns, and could be required to write off all or a portion of its investment in the project. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We face risks related to project siting, financing, construction, permitting, governmental approvals and the negotiation of project development agreements that may impede their development and operating activities. 
 We own, develop, construct, manage and operate electric-generation facilities. A key component of our growth is our ability to construct and operate generation facilities to meet customer needs. As part of these operations, we must periodically apply for licenses and permits from various local, state, and federal regulatory authorities and abide by their respective conditions. If we are unsuccessful in obtaining necessary licenses or permits on acceptable terms or resolving third-party challenges to such licenses or permits, if there is a delay in obtaining or renewing necessary licenses or permits or if regulatory authorities initiate any associated investigations or enforcement actions or impose related penalties or disallowances on us, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected. Any failure to negotiate successful project development agreements for new facilities with third parties could have similar results. 
 Our business is subject to risks associated with construction, such as cost overruns and delays, and other contingencies that may arise in the course of completing installations such as union requirements, and such risks may increase in the future as we expand the scope of such services with other parties. 
 We do not typically install charging stations at customer sites. These installations are typically performed by our partners or electrical contractors with an existing relationship with the customer and/or knowledge of the site. The installation of charging stations at a particular site is generally subject to oversight and regulation in accordance with state and local laws and ordinances relating to building codes, safety, environmental protection and related matters, and typically requires various local and other governmental approvals and permits that may vary by jurisdiction. In addition, building codes, accessibility requirements or regulations may hinder EV charger installation because they end up costing the developer or installer more in order to meet the code requirements. Meaningful delays or cost overruns may impact our recognition of revenue in certain cases and/or impact customer relationships, either of which could impact our business. In addition, if any of our partners or electrical contractors are unable to provide timely, thorough and quality installation-related services, customers could fall behind their construction schedules leading to liability to us or cause customers to become dissatisfied with the solutions we offer. 
 We may not be able to effectively manage our growth. 
 Our future growth may cause a significant strain on our management and our operational, financial, and other resources. Our ability to manage our growth effectively will require us to implement and improve our operational, financial, and management systems and to expand, train, manage, and motivate our employees and develop processes to efficiently integrate our strategic acquisition of portfolio asses, which is a primary part of our future growth strategy. These demands will require the hiring of additional management personnel and the development of additional expertise by management. Any increase in resources used without a corresponding increase in our operational, financial, and management systems could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 While our growth strategy includes seeking operating solar power generation assets and portfolios to add to our portfolio, we may not be successful in identifying or marking any acquisitions in the future. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, and integration of these acquisitions may disrupt our business and management. 
 Our business strategy includes growth through the acquisitions of solar power generation assets and portfolios. We may not be able to continue to identify attractive acquisition opportunities or successfully acquire those opportunities that are identified in our pipeline. There is always the possibility that even if there is success in integrating our current or future acquisitions into the existing operations, we may not derive the benefits, such as administrative or operational synergies or earnings obtained, that were expected from such acquisitions, which may result in the commitment of capital resources without the expected returns on the capital. The competition for acquisition opportunities may increase which in turn would increase our cost of making further acquisitions or causing us to curb our activities of making additional acquisitions. 
 In pursuing our business strategy, from time to time we evaluate targets and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, and joint ventures. To be successful, we conduct due diligence to identify valuation issues and potential loss contingencies, negotiate transaction terms, complete transactions, and manage post-closing matters such as the integration of 
 11 

acquired assets and businesses. Our due diligence reviews are subject to the completeness and accuracy of disclosures made by third parties. We may incur unanticipated costs or expenses following a completed acquisition, including post-closing asset impairment charges, expenses associated with eliminating duplicate facilities, litigation, and other liabilities. 
 We have in the past, and in the future we may, acquire companies, project pipelines, products or technologies or enter into joint ventures or other strategic initiatives. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions, and any acquisition has numerous risks. These risks include the following: 
 difficulty in assimilating the operations and personnel of the acquired company; 
 difficulty in effectively integrating the acquired technologies or products with our current technologies; 
 difficulty in maintaining controls, procedures and policies during the transition and integration; 
 disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of our management and employees from other opportunities and challenges due to integration issues; 
 difficulty integrating the acquired company s accounting, management information, and other administrative systems; 
 inability to retain key technical and managerial personnel of the acquired business; 
 inability to retain key customers, vendors, and other business partners of the acquired business; 
 inability to achieve the financial and strategic goals for the acquired and combined businesses; 
 incurring acquisition-related costs or amortization costs for acquired intangible assets that could impact our operating results; 
 potential failure of the due diligence processes to identify significant issues with product quality, intellectual property infringement, and other legal and financial liabilities, among other things; 
 misjudging the value of acquired assets to us; 
 potential inability to assert that internal controls over financial reporting are effective; and 
 potential inability to obtain, or obtain in a timely manner, approvals from governmental authorities, which could delay or prevent such acquisitions. 
 Acquisitions of companies, businesses and assets are inherently risky and, if we do not complete the integration of these acquisitions successfully and in a timely manner, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions to the extent anticipated, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. In addition, our guidance and estimates for our future operating and financial results assume the completion of certain of our acquisitions that are in our acquisition pipeline. If we are unable to execute on our actionable pipeline and integrate these acquisitions, we may miss our guidance, which could adversely affect the market price of our Class A Common Stock and our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 Our business is concentrated in certain markets, putting us at risk of region-specific disruptions. 
 As of December 31, 2022, a majority of our solar facilities were in Massachusetts, New Jersey, Minnesota and California. We have since expanded to include New York to our list of states we are concentrated in and expect our near-term future growth to occur in states such as Maryland, New York, California, and Hawaii, and to further expand our customer base and operational infrastructure. Accordingly, our business and results of operations are particularly susceptible to adverse economic, regulatory, political, weather and other conditions in such markets and in other markets that may become similarly concentrated. 
 Our acquisition of solar project portfolios may not be as successful as acquiring the assets individually. 
 We may acquire entire portfolios of solar projects and the performance of individual solar projects in such a portfolio will vary. We may not derive the benefits, such as administrative or operational synergies that were expected and our earnings from the entire portfolio may not exceed the earnings we would have received had we purchased some, but not all, of the solar projects contained in such portfolio. 
 Our growth depends in part on the success of our relationships with third parties. 
 12 

A key component of our growth strategy is to develop or expand our relationships with third parties. For example, we are investing resources in establishing strategic relationships with market players across a variety of industries, including large retailers, to generate new customers. These programs may not roll out as quickly as planned or produce the results we anticipated. A significant portion of our business depends on attracting and retaining new and existing solar partners. Negotiating relationships with our solar partners, investing in due diligence efforts with potential solar partners, training such third parties and contractors, and monitoring them for compliance with our standards require significant time and resources and may present greater risks and challenges than expanding a direct sales or installation team. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with these third parties, our ability to grow our business and address our market opportunity could be impaired. Even if we are able to establish and maintain these relationships, we may not be able to execute on our goal of leveraging these relationships to meaningfully expand our business, brand recognition and customer base. This would limit our growth potential and our opportunities to generate significant additional revenue or cash flows. 
 Our relationship with CBRE is continuing to develop and may not result in profitable long-term contracts with their referred clients. 
 Our relationship with CBRE is continuing to develop. The Company expects some development opportunities to come from referrals from CBRE and Blackstone. Our success depends on profitable long-term contracts with any referred clients. We cannot assure you that new contracts and clients for our technologies, products and services will develop or that our existing market will grow. If a significant number of referred clients elect not to use our services or purchase our products, it could materially adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. 
 The principal benefits expected to result from referrals from CBRE and Blackstone may not be fully achieved. Challenges we may face in this regard include, but are not limited to: (i) estimating the capital, personnel and equipment required for proper integration; (ii) minimizing potential adverse effects on existing business relationships; (iii) enhancing the technology platform; and (iv) successfully developing and marketing the Company s products and services. Any difficulties we may experience in connection with referrals obtained could delay or prevent us from realizing expected benefits and enhancing our business, and our business, financial condition and results of operation could be materially and adversely impacted. 
 Failure to successfully recruit, hire and retain a sufficient number of employees and service providers in key functions would constrain our growth and our ability to timely complete customers projects and successfully manage customer accounts. 
 To support our growth, we need to hire, train, deploy, manage and retain a substantial number of skilled employees, engineers, installers, electricians, sales and project finance specialists. Competition for qualified personnel in our industry is increasing, particularly for skilled personnel involved in the installation of solar energy systems. We have in the past been, and may in the future be, unable to attract or retain qualified and skilled installation personnel or installation companies to be our solar partners, which would have an adverse effect on our business. We and our solar partners also compete with the homebuilding and construction industries for skilled labor. As these industries grow and seek to hire additional workers, our cost of labor may increase. In addition, because we are headquartered in Connecticut, we compete for a limited pool of technical and engineering resources that requires us to pay wages that are competitive with relatively high regional standards for employees in these fields. Further, we need to continue to expand upon the training of our customer service team to provide high-end account management and service to customers before, during and following the point of installation of our solar energy systems. Identifying and recruiting qualified personnel and training them requires significant time, expense and attention. It can take several months before a new customer service team member is fully trained and productive at the standards that we have established. If we are unable to hire, develop and retain talented technical and customer service personnel, we may not be able to realize the expected benefits of this investment or grow our business. 
 In addition, to support the growth and success of our direct-to-consumer channel, we need to recruit, retain and motivate a large number of sales personnel on a continuing basis. We compete with many other companies for qualified sales personnel, and it could take many months before a new salesperson is fully trained on our solar service offerings. If we are unable to hire, develop and retain qualified sales personnel or if they are unable to achieve desired productivity levels, we may not be able to compete effectively. 
 We are highly dependent on members of our management and technical staff. Our success also depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled junior, mid-level, and senior managers as well as junior, mid-level, and senior technical personnel. The loss of any of our executive officers, key employees, or consultants and our inability to find suitable replacements could potentially harm our business, financial condition, and prospects. We may be unable to attract and retain personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among solar and energy companies. Certain of our current officers, directors, and/or consultants hereafter appointed may from time to time serve as officers, directors, scientific advisors, and/or consultants of other solar and energy companies. We do not maintain key man insurance policies on any of our officers or employees. Other than certain members of our senior management team, all of our employees are employed at will and, therefore, each employee may leave our employment and join a competitor at any time. 
 13 

We plan to grant stock options, restricted stock grants, restricted stock unit grants, or other forms of equity awards in the future as a method of attracting and retaining employees, motivating performance, and aligning the interests of employees with those of our shareholders. If we are unable to implement and maintain equity compensation arrangements that provide sufficient incentives, we may be unable to retain our existing employees and attract additional qualified candidates. If we are unable to retain our existing employees and attract additional qualified candidates, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Currently the exercise prices of all outstanding stock options are greater than the current stock price. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 62 employees, of which 59 were full-time employees. We may be unable to implement and maintain an attractive incentive compensation structure in order to attract and retain the right talent. These actions could lead to disruptions in our business, reduced employee morale and productivity, increased attrition, and problems with retaining existing and recruiting future employees. 
 Problems with product quality or performance may cause us to incur warranty expenses, damage our market reputation and prevent us from maintaining or increasing our market share. 
 Customers who enter into customer agreements with us sometimes are covered by production guarantees and roof penetration warranties. As the owners of the solar energy systems, we or our investment funds receive a warranty from the inverter and solar panel manufacturers, and, for those solar energy systems that we do not install directly, we receive workmanship and material warranties as well as roof penetration warranties from our solar partners. One or more of our third-party manufacturers or solar partners could cease operations and no longer honor these warranties, leaving us to fulfill these potential obligations to customers, or such warranties may be limited in scope and amount, and may be inadequate to protect us. We also provide a performance guarantee with certain solar service offerings pursuant to which we compensate customers on an annual basis if their system does not meet the electricity production guarantees set forth in their agreement with us. Customers who enter into customer agreements with us that are covered by production guarantees, typically have such guarantees equal to the length of the term of these agreements, typically 20 or 25 years. We may suffer financial losses associated if significant performance guarantee payments are triggered. 
 Because of our limited operating history and the length of the term of our customer agreements, we have been required to make assumptions and apply judgments regarding a number of factors, including the durability, performance and reliability of our solar energy systems. Our assumptions could prove to be materially different from the actual performance of our systems, causing us to incur substantial expense to repair or replace defective solar energy systems in the future or to compensate customers for systems that do not meet their production guarantees. Product failures or operational deficiencies also would reduce our revenue from power purchase or lease agreements because they are dependent on system production. Any widespread product failures or operating deficiencies may damage our market reputation and adversely impact our financial results. 
 Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects can be materially adversely affected by weather conditions, including, but not limited to, the impact of severe weather. 
 Weather conditions directly influence the demand for electricity and natural gas and other fuels and affect the price of energy and energy-related commodities. In addition, severe weather and natural disasters, such as hurricanes, floods, tornadoes, icing events and earthquakes, can be destructive and cause power outages and property damage, reduce revenue, affect the availability of fuel and water, and require us to incur additional costs, for example, to restore service and repair damaged facilities, to obtain replacement power and to access available financing sources. Furthermore, our physical plants could be placed at greater risk of damage should changes in the global climate produce unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent and extreme weather events, and abnormal levels of precipitation. A disruption or failure of electric generation, or storage systems in the event of a hurricane, tornado or other severe weather event, or otherwise, could prevent us from operating our business in the normal course and could result in any of the adverse consequences described above. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Where cost recovery is available, recovery of costs to restore service and repair damaged facilities is or may be subject to regulatory approval, and any determination by the regulator not to permit timely and full recovery of the costs incurred could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Changes in weather can also affect the production of electricity at power generation facilities. 
 Threats of terrorism and catastrophic events that could result from terrorism, cyberattacks or individuals and/or groups attempting to disrupt our business, or the businesses of third parties, may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We are subject to the potentially adverse operating and financial effects of terrorist acts and threats, as well as cyberattacks and other disruptive activities of individuals or groups. There have been cyberattacks within the energy industry on energy infrastructure such as substations, gas pipelines and related assets in the past and there may be such attacks in the future and these may increase as a result of the Russia invasion of Ukraine. Our generation and fuel storage facilities, information technology 
 14 

systems and other infrastructure facilities and systems could be direct targets of, or otherwise be materially adversely affected by, such activities. 
 Terrorist acts, cyberattacks or other similar events affecting our systems and facilities, or those of third parties on which we rely, could harm our business, for example, by limiting our ability to generate, purchase or transmit power, natural gas or other energy-related commodities, by limiting our ability to bill customers and collect and process payments, and by delaying our development and construction of new generation facilities or capital improvements to existing facilities. These events, and governmental actions in response, could result in a material decrease in revenues, significant additional costs (for example, to repair assets, implement additional security requirements or maintain or acquire insurance), significant fines and penalties, and reputational damage, could materially adversely affect our operations (for example, by contributing to disruption of supplies and markets for natural gas, oil and other fuels), and could impair our ability to raise capital (for example, by contributing to financial instability and lower economic activity). In addition, the implementation of security guidelines and measures has resulted in and is expected to continue to result in increased costs. Such events or actions may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our ability to obtain insurance and the terms of any available insurance coverage could be materially adversely affected by international, national, state or local events or company-specific events, as well as the financial condition of insurers. 
 Insurance coverage may not continue to be available or may not be available at rates or on terms similar to those presently available to us. Our ability to obtain insurance and the terms of any available insurance coverage could be materially adversely affected by international, national, state or local events or company-specific events, as well as the financial condition of insurers. If insurance coverage is not available or obtainable on acceptable terms, we may be required to pay costs associated with adverse future events. 
 We may need to raise additional funds and these funds may not be available when needed. 
 We may need to raise additional capital in the future to further scale our business and expand to additional markets. We may raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-related or debt securities, through tax equity partnerships, or through obtaining credit from government or financial institutions. We cannot be certain that additional funds will be available on favorable terms when required, or at all. If we cannot raise additional funds when needed, our financial condition, results of operations, business and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. If we raise funds through the issuance of debt securities or through loan arrangements, the terms of which could require significant interest payments, contain covenants that restrict our business, or other unfavorable terms. Also, changes in tax law or market conditions could negatively impact the availability of tax equity or the terms on which investors are willing to acquire tax equity and therefore reduce our access to capital on favorable terms for new solar energy projects. In addition, to the extent we raise funds through the sale of additional equity securities, our stockholders would experience dilution. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards NOLs of approximately 262.4 million and 155.4 million, respectively, which begin expiring in varying amounts in 2034 and 2022, respectively, if unused. Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the " Code "), if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change NOLs and other pre-change tax assets, such as tax credits, to offset its post-change income and taxes may be limited. In general, an ownership change occurs if there is a cumulative change in our ownership by 5 shareholders that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. 
 Additionally, states may impose other limitations on the use of NOLs and tax credit carryforwards. For example, California has recently imposed other limitations on the use of NOLs and limited the use of certain tax credits for taxable years beginning in 2020 through 2022. Our ability to use our NOLs may be limited by an applicable ownership change. Any such limitations on our ability to use our NOLs and other tax assets could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any limitation may result in the expiration of all or a portion of the net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards before utilization. 
 Unanticipated changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income or other tax returns could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We will be subject to income taxes in the United States, and our tax liabilities will be subject to the allocation of expenses in differing jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rates could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by a number of factors, including: 
 changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; 
 expected timing and amount of the release of any tax valuation allowances; 
 15 

tax effects of stock-based compensation; 
 costs related to intercompany restructurings; 
 changes in tax laws, regulations or interpretations thereof; or 
 lower than anticipated future earnings in jurisdictions where we have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated future earnings in jurisdictions where we have higher statutory tax rates. 
 
 In addition, we may be subject to audits of our income, sales and other transaction taxes by taxing authorities. Outcomes from these audits could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 As an emerging growth company and smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, we will utilize certain modified disclosure requirements, and we cannot be certain if these reduced requirements will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 We are an "emerging growth company, within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the " Securities Act "), and for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are available to emerging growth companies, but not to other public companies, including: 
 not being required to have our independent registered public accounting firm audit our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended the (" Sarbanes-Oxley Act "); 
 reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements; and 
 exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 
 
 We plan in filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (" SEC "), we plan to continue to utilize the modified disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of: 
 December 31, 2026; 
 the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenue exceeds 1.235 billion; 
 the date that we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter; and 
 the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three-year period. 
 
 Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (i) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates is greater than or equal to 250 million as of the end of that fiscal year s second fiscal quarter, and (ii) our annual revenues are greater than or equal to 100 million during the last completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates is greater than or equal to 700 million as of the end of that fiscal year s second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 
 Our historical financial results may not be indicative of what our actual financial position or results of operations would have been if we were a public company. 
 Our business has achieved rapid growth since we launched. Our net revenue was 101.2 million and 71.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our net income was 52.2 million and 13.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. However, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows reflected in our consolidated financial statements may not be indicative of the results we would have achieved if we were a public company for the entire year or results that may be achieved in future periods. Consequently, there can be no assurance that we will be able to generate sufficient income to pay our operating expenses and make satisfactory distributions to our shareholders, or any distributions at all. 
 Certain estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate. 
 16 

From time to time, we make statements with estimates of the addressable market for our solutions and the EV market in general. Market opportunity estimates and growth forecasts, whether obtained from third-party sources or developed internally, are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates that may prove to be inaccurate. The estimates and forecasts relating to the size and expected growth of the target market, market demand and adoption, capacity to address this demand and pricing may also prove to be inaccurate. In particular, estimates regarding the current and projected market opportunity are difficult to predict. The estimated addressable market may not materialize for many years, if ever, and even if the markets meet the size estimates and growth forecasts, our business could fail to grow at similar rates. 
 Litigation and Regulatory Risks 
 Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected by the extensive regulation of our business. 
 Our operations are subject to complex and comprehensive federal, state and other regulation. This extensive regulatory framework, portions of which are more specifically identified in the following risk factors, regulates, among other things and to varying degrees, our industry, businesses, rates and cost structures, operation and licensing of solar power facilities, construction and operation of electricity generation facilities and acquisition, disposal, depreciation and amortization of facilities and other assets, decommissioning costs and funding, service reliability, wholesale and retail competition, and SRECs trading. In our business planning and in the management of our operations, we must address the effects of regulation on our business and any inability or failure to do so adequately could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected as a result of new or revised laws, regulations, interpretations or ballot or regulatory initiatives. 
 Our business is influenced by various legislative and regulatory initiatives, including, but not limited to, new or revised laws, including international trade laws, regulations, interpretations or ballot or regulatory initiatives regarding deregulation or restructuring of the energy industry, and regulation of environmental matters, such as environmental permitting. Changes in the nature of the regulation of our business could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We are unable to predict future legislative or regulatory changes, initiatives or interpretations, although any such changes, initiatives or interpretations may increase costs and competitive pressures on us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We are subject to FERC rules related to energy generation that are designed to facilitate competition on practically a nationwide basis by providing greater certainty, flexibility and more choices to power customers. We cannot predict the impact of changing FERC rules or the effect of changes in levels of wholesale supply and demand, which are typically driven by factors beyond our control. There can be no assurance that we will be able to respond adequately or sufficiently quickly to such rules and developments, or to any changes that reverse or restrict the competitive restructuring of the energy industry in those jurisdictions in which such restructuring has occurred. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We are not currently regulated as an electric utility under applicable law in the jurisdictions in which we operate, but we may be subject to regulation as an electric utility in the future. 
 Most federal, state and municipal laws do not currently regulate us as an electric utility in the jurisdictions in which we operate, such as FERC rules for small power production and cogeneration facilities. As a result, we are not subject to the various regulatory requirements applicable to U.S. utilities. However, any federal, state, local or other applicable regulations could place significant restrictions on our ability to operate our business and execute our business plan by prohibiting or otherwise restricting our sale of electricity. These regulatory requirements could include restricting the structuring of our sale of electricity, as well as regulating the price of our solar service offerings. If we become subject to the same regulatory authorities as utilities in other states or if new regulatory bodies are established to oversee our business, our operating costs could materially increase. 
 Any reductions or modifications to, or the elimination of, governmental incentives or policies that support solar energy, including, but not limited to, tax laws, policies and incentives, renewable portfolio standards or feed-in-tariffs, or the imposition of additional taxes or other assessments on solar energy, could result in, among other items, the lack of a satisfactory market for the development and/or financing of new solar energy projects, our abandoning the development of solar energy projects, a loss of our investments in solar energy projects and reduced project returns, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We depend heavily on government policies that support utility scale renewable energy and enhance the economic feasibility of developing and operating solar energy projects in regions in which we operate or plan to develop and operate renewable energy facilities. The federal government and a majority of state governments in the United States provide incentives, such as tax incentives, renewable portfolio standards or feed-in-tariffs, that support or are designed to support the sale of energy from utility scale renewable energy facilities, such as wind and solar energy facilities. As a result of budgetary constraints, political factors or otherwise, governments from time to time may review their laws and policies that support renewable energy and consider actions that would make the laws and policies less conducive to the development and operation of renewable energy 
 17 

facilities. Any reductions or modifications to, or the elimination of, governmental incentives or policies that support renewable energy or the imposition of additional taxes or other assessments on renewable energy, could result in, among other items, the lack of a satisfactory market for the development and/or financing of new renewable energy projects, our abandoning the development of renewable energy projects, a loss of our investments in the projects and reduced project returns, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act (the IRA ), which extends the availability of investment tax credits ITCs and production tax credits PTCs ). We and our tax equity partners have claimed and expect to continue to claim ITCs with respect to qualifying solar energy projects. In structuring tax equity partnerships and determining ITC eligibility, we have relied upon applicable tax law and published Internal Revenue Service IRS guidance. However, the application of law and guidance regarding ITC eligibility to the facts of particular solar energy projects is subject to a number of uncertainties, in particular with respect to the new IRA provisions for which Department of Treasury regulations Treasury Regulations are forthcoming, and there can be no assurance that the IRS will agree with our approach in the event of an audit. The Department of Treasury is expected to issue Treasury Regulations and issue additional guidance with respect to the application of the newly enacted IRA provisions, and the IRS and Department of Treasury may modify existing guidance, possibly with retroactive effect. Any of the foregoing items could reduce the amount of ITCs or, if applicable, PTCs available to us and our tax equity partners. In this event, we could be required to indemnify tax equity partners for disallowed ITCs or, if applicable, PTCs, adjust the terms of future tax equity partnerships, or seek alternative sources of funding for solar energy projects, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.. 
 The absence of net energy metering and related policies to offer competitive pricing to our customers in our current markets, and adverse changes to net energy metering policies, may significantly reduce demand for electricity from our solar energy systems. 
 Several of the states where we currently serve customers has adopted a net energy metering policy. Net energy metering typically allows our customers to interconnect their on-site solar energy systems to the utility grid and offset their utility electricity purchases by receiving a bill credit at the utility s retail rate for energy generated by their solar energy system that is exported to the grid in excess of the electric load used by the customers. At the end of the billing period, the customer simply pays for the net energy used or receives a credit at the retail rate if more energy is produced than consumed. Utilities operating in states without a net energy metering policy may receive solar electricity that is exported to the grid when there is no simultaneous energy demand by the customer without providing retail compensation to the customer for this generation. In addition to net metering policies, certain of our primary markets, including Massachusetts, New York, New Jersey and Maryland have adopted programs specifically aimed at providing renewable energy benefits to specific customers, such as community solar and low and moderate income customers. Many of these programs are set-up with a finite capacity of MW installed. Historically, regulators in our primary markets have continuously rolled out new incentive programs as the caps on existing programs begin to fill to promote continued investment in renewables in order to meet the goals set forth in their renewable portfolio standards, however the continuous roll-out of such programs is not guaranteed. 
 Our ability to sell solar energy systems and the electricity they generate may be adversely impacted by the failure to expand existing limits on the amount of net energy metering in states that have implemented it, the failure to adopt a net energy metering policy where it currently is not in place, the imposition of new charges that only or disproportionately impact customers that utilize net energy metering, or reductions in the amount or value of credit that customers receive through net energy metering. If such charges are imposed, the cost savings associated with switching to solar energy may be significantly reduced and our ability to attract future customers and compete with traditional utility providers could be impacted. Our ability to sell solar energy systems and the electricity they generate also may be adversely impacted by the unavailability of expedited or simplified interconnection for grid- tied solar energy systems or any limitation on the number of customer interconnections or amount of solar energy that utilities are required to allow in their service territory or some part of the grid. 
 Limits on net energy metering, interconnection of solar energy systems and other operational policies in key markets could limit the number of solar energy systems installed in those markets. If the caps on net energy metering in jurisdictions are reached, and new caps are not put in place, or if the amount or value of credit that customers receive for net energy metering is significantly reduced, future customers will be unable to recognize the current cost savings associated with net energy metering. We rely substantially on net energy metering when we establish competitive pricing for our prospective customers and the absence of net energy metering for new customers would greatly limit demand for our solar energy systems. 
 Our business depends in part on the regulatory treatment of third-party-owned solar energy systems. 
 Our power purchase agreements are third-party ownership arrangements. Sales of electricity by third parties face regulatory challenges in some states and jurisdictions. Other challenges pertain to whether third-party owned systems qualify for the same levels of rebates or other non-tax incentives available for customer-owned solar energy systems, whether third-party owned systems are eligible at all for these incentives, and whether third-party owned systems are eligible for net energy metering and the associated cost savings. Reductions in, or eliminations of, this treatment of these third-party arrangements could reduce demand 
 18 

for our systems, adversely impact our access to capital and could cause us to increase the price we charge our customers for energy. 
 Existing electric utility industry regulations, and changes to regulations, may present technical, regulatory and economic barriers to the purchase and use of solar energy offerings that may significantly reduce demand for our solar energy offerings. 
 Federal, state and local government regulations and policies concerning the electric utility industry, and internal policies and regulations promulgated by electric utilities, heavily influence the market for electricity generation products and services. These regulations and policies often relate to electricity pricing and the interconnection of customer-owned electricity generation. In the U.S., governments and utilities continuously modify these regulations and policies. These regulations and policies could deter customers from purchasing renewable energy, including solar energy systems. This could result in a significant reduction in the potential demand for our solar energy systems. For example, utilities commonly charge fees to larger, industrial customers for disconnecting from the electric grid or for having the capacity to use power from the electric grid for back-up purposes. These fees could increase our customers cost to use our systems and make them less desirable, thereby harming our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, depending on the region, electricity generated by solar energy systems competes most effectively with expensive peak-hour electricity from the electric grid, rather than the less expensive average price of electricity. Modifications to the utilities peak hour pricing policies or rate design, such as to a flat rate, would require us to lower the price of our solar energy systems to compete with the price of electricity from the electric grid. 
 In addition, any changes to government or internal utility regulations and policies that favor electric utilities could reduce our competitiveness and cause a significant reduction in demand for our products and services. For example, certain jurisdictions have proposed assessing fees on customers purchasing energy from solar energy systems or imposing a new charge that would disproportionately impact solar energy system customers who utilize net energy metering, either of which would increase the cost of energy to those customers and could reduce demand for our solar energy systems. It is possible charges could be imposed on not just future customers but our existing customers, causing a potentially significant consumer relations problem and harming our reputation and business. 
 Compliance with occupational safety and health requirements and best practices can be costly, and noncompliance with such requirements may result in potentially significant monetary penalties, operational delays and adverse publicity . 
 The installation of solar energy systems requires our employees to work at heights with complicated and potentially dangerous electrical systems. The evaluation and modification of buildings as part of the installation process requires our employees to work in locations that may contain potentially dangerous levels of asbestos, lead, mold or other materials known or believed to be hazardous to human health. We also maintain a fleet of trucks and other vehicles to support our installers and operations. There is substantial risk of serious injury or death if proper safety procedures are not followed. Our operations are subject to regulation under the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Act, or OSHA, and equivalent state laws. Changes to OSHA requirements, or stricter interpretation or enforcement of existing laws or regulations, could result in increased costs. If we fail to comply with applicable OSHA regulations, even if no work-related serious injury or death occurs, we may be subject to civil or criminal enforcement and be required to pay substantial penalties, incur significant capital expenditures or suspend or limit operations. High injury rates could expose us to increased liability. In the past, we have had workplace accidents and received citations from OSHA regulators for alleged safety violations, resulting in fines. Any such accidents, citations, violations, injuries or failure to comply with industry best practices may subject us to adverse publicity, damage our reputation and competitive position and adversely affect our business. 
 We have previously been, and may in the future be, named in legal proceedings, become involved in regulatory inquiries or be subject to litigation, all of which are costly, distracting to our core business and could result in an unfavorable outcome or a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or the market price for our common stock. 
 We are involved in legal proceedings and receive inquiries from government and regulatory agencies from time to time. In the event that we are involved in significant disputes or are the subject of a formal action by a regulatory agency, we could be exposed to costly and time-consuming legal proceedings that could result in any number of outcomes. Although outcomes of such actions vary, any current or future claims or regulatory actions initiated by or against us, whether successful or not, could result in significant costs, costly damage awards or settlement amounts, injunctive relief, increased costs of business, fines or orders to change certain business practices, significant dedication of management time, diversion of significant operational resources, or otherwise harm our business, financial condition and results of operations or adversely affect the market price for our common stock. If we are not successful in our legal proceedings and litigation, we may be required to pay significant monetary damages, which could hurt our results of operations. Lawsuits are time-consuming and expensive to resolve and divert management s time and attention. Although we carry general liability insurance, our insurance may not cover potential claims or may not be adequate to indemnify us for all liability that may be imposed. We cannot predict how the courts will rule in any potential lawsuit against us. Decisions in favor of parties that bring lawsuits against us could subject us to significant liability for damages, adversely affect our results of operations and harm our reputation. 
 19 

Further, we may be subject to claims or liabilities arising from the ownership or operation of acquired solar systems for the periods prior to our acquisition of them, including environmental, employee-related, indemnification for tax equity partnerships and other liabilities and claims not covered by insurance. These claims or liabilities could be significant. Our ability to seek indemnification from the former owners of our acquired businesses for these claims or liabilities may be limited by various factors, including the specific time, monetary or other limitations contained in the respective acquisition agreements and the financial ability of the former owners to satisfy our indemnification claims. In addition, insurance companies may be unwilling to cover claims that have arisen from acquired businesses or locations, or claims may exceed the coverage limits that our acquired businesses had in effect prior to the date of acquisition. If we are unable to successfully obtain insurance coverage of third-party claims or enforce our indemnification rights against the former owners, or if the former owners are unable to satisfy their obligations for any reason, including because of their current financial position, we could be held liable for the costs or obligations associated with such claims or liabilities, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Product liability claims against us could result in adverse publicity and potentially significant monetary damages. 
 If our solar service offerings, including our racking systems, PV modules, batteries, inverters, or other products, injured someone, we would be exposed to product liability claims. Because solar energy systems and many of our other current and anticipated products are electricity-producing devices, it is possible that customers or their property could be injured or damaged by our products, whether by product malfunctions, defects, improper installation or other causes. We rely on third-party manufacturing warranties, warranties provided by our solar partners and our general liability insurance to cover product liability claims and have not obtained separate product liability insurance. Our solar systems, including our PV modules, batteries, inverters, and other products, may also be subject to recalls due to product malfunctions or defects. Any product liability claim we face could be expensive to defend and divert management s attention. The successful assertion of product liability claims against us could result in potentially significant monetary damages that could require us to make significant payments, as well as subject us to adverse publicity, damage our reputation and competitive position and adversely affect sales of our systems and other products. In addition, product liability claims, injuries, defects or other problems experienced by other companies in the residential solar industry could lead to unfavorable market conditions to the industry as a whole, and may have an adverse effect on our ability to attract customers, thus affecting our growth and financial performance. 
 A failure to comply with laws and regulations relating to our interactions with current or prospective community solar customers could result in negative publicity, claims, investigations and litigation, and adversely affect our financial performance. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 9 of our business operates pursuant to contracts and transactions with residential customers via community solar. We must comply with federal, state, and local laws and regulations that govern matters relating to our interactions with residential consumers, including those pertaining to privacy and data security and warranties. These laws and regulations are dynamic and subject to potentially differing interpretations, and various federal, state and local legislative and regulatory bodies may expand current laws or regulations, or enact new laws and regulations, regarding these matters. Changes in these laws or regulations, or their interpretation, could affect how we do business, acquire customers, and manage and use information we collect from and about current and prospective community solar customers and the costs associated therewith. We strive to comply with all applicable laws and regulations relating to our interactions with residential customers. It is possible, however, that these requirements may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices. Our non-compliance with any such law or regulations could also expose us to claims, proceedings, litigation and investigations by private parties and regulatory authorities, as well as fines and negative publicity, each of which may materially and adversely affect our business. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, expenses to comply with such laws and regulations, and increased regulation of matters relating to our interactions with residential consumers could require us to modify our operations and incur additional expenses, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in tax laws, guidance or policies, including, but not limited to changes in corporate income tax rates, as well as judgments and estimates used in the determination of tax-related asset and liability amounts, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our provision for income taxes and reporting of tax-related assets and liabilities require significant judgments and the use of estimates. Amounts of tax-related assets and liabilities involve judgments and estimates of the timing and probability of recognition of income, deductions and tax credits, including, but not limited to, estimates for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken and the ability to utilize tax benefit carryforwards, such as net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Actual income taxes could vary significantly from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of, among other things, changes in tax laws, guidance or policies, including changes in our corporate income tax rates, our financial condition and results of operations, and the resolution of audit issues raised by taxing authorities. These factors, including the ultimate resolution of income tax matters, may result in material adjustments to tax-related assets and liabilities, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 20 

Changes in laws, regulations or rules, or a failure to comply with any laws, regulations or rules, may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 We are subject to laws, regulations and rules enacted by national, regional and local governments and the NYSE. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC, NYSE and other legal or regulatory requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws, regulations and rules may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws, regulations or rules and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations, including a potential delisting on the NYSE. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or rules, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Intellectual Property and Data Privacy Risks 
 If we are unsuccessful in developing and maintaining our proprietary technology, our ability to attract and retain solar partners could be impaired, our competitive position could be harmed and our revenue could be reduced. 
 Our future growth depends on our ability to continue to develop and maintain our proprietary technology that supports our solar service offerings, including our proprietary software solutions which manage our operation as well as a series of proprietary capture and management tools. In addition, we rely, and expect to continue to rely, on licensing agreements with certain third parties for aerial images that allow us to efficiently and effectively analyze a customer s rooftop for solar energy system specifications. In the event that our current or future products require features that we have not developed or licensed, or we lose the benefit of an existing license, we will be required to develop or obtain such technology through purchase, license or other arrangements. If the required technology is not available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, we may incur additional expenses in an effort to internally develop the required technology. If we are unable to maintain our existing proprietary technology, our ability to attract and retain solar partners could be impaired, our competitive position could be harmed and our revenue could be reduced. 
 Our business may be harmed if we fail to properly protect our intellectual property, and we may also be required to defend against claims or indemnify others against claims that our intellectual property infringes on the intellectual property rights of third parties. 
 We believe that the success of our business depends in part on our proprietary technology, including our software, information, processes and know-how. We rely on copyright, trade secret and other protections to secure our intellectual property rights. Although we may incur substantial costs in protecting our technology, we cannot be certain that we have adequately protected or will be able to adequately protect it, that our competitors will not be able to utilize our existing technology or develop similar technology independently or that foreign intellectual property laws will adequately protect our intellectual property rights. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for third parties to obtain and use our intellectual property without our consent. Unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties, and the expenses incurred in protecting our intellectual property rights, may adversely affect our business. In the future, some of our products could be alleged to infringe existing patents or other intellectual property of third parties, and we cannot be certain that we will prevail in any intellectual property dispute. In addition, any future litigation required to enforce our patents, to protect our trade secrets or know-how or to defend us or indemnify others against claimed infringement of the rights of third parties could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 If we experience a significant disruption in our information technology systems, fail to implement new systems and software successfully or if we experience cyber security incidents or have a deficiency in cybersecurity, our business could be adversely affected. 
 We depend on information systems to process orders, manage inventory, process and bill customers and collect payments from our customers, respond to customer inquiries, contribute to our overall internal control processes, maintain records of our property, plant and equipment, and record and pay amounts due vendors and other creditors. These systems may experience damage or disruption from a number of causes, including power outages, computer and telecommunication failures, computer viruses, malware, ransomware or other destructive software, internal design, manual or usage errors, cyberattacks, terrorism, workplace violence or wrongdoing, catastrophic events, natural disasters and severe weather conditions. We may also be impacted by breaches of our third-party processors. 
 If we were to experience a prolonged disruption in our information systems that involve interactions with customers and suppliers, it could result in the loss of sales and customers and/or increased costs, which could adversely affect our overall business operation. Although no such incidents have had a direct, material impact on us, we are unable to predict the direct or indirect impact of any future incidents to our business. 
 In addition, numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats, including advanced and persistent cyberattacks, phishing and social engineering schemes, particularly on internet applications, could compromise the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of data in our systems. The security measures and procedures we and our customers have in place to protect sensitive data and 
 21 

other information may not be successful or sufficient to counter all data breaches, cyberattacks, or system failures. Although we devote resources to our cybersecurity programs and have implemented security measures to protect our systems and data, and to prevent, detect and respond to data security incidents, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent these threats. 
 Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, or to disable or degrade systems change frequently, have become increasingly more complex and sophisticated, and may be difficult to detect for periods of time, we may not anticipate these acts or respond adequately or timely. These threats may increase as a result of the recent banking crisis. As these threats continue to evolve and increase, we may be required to devote significant additional resources in order to modify and enhance our security controls and to identify and remediate any security vulnerabilities. 
 Any security breach or unauthorized disclosure or theft of personal information we gather, store and use, or other hacking and phishing attacks on our systems, could harm our reputation, subject us to claims or litigation and have an adverse impact on our business. 
 We receive, store and use personal information of customers, including names, addresses, e-mail addresses, credit information and other housing and energy use information, as well as the personal information of our employees. Unauthorized disclosure of such personal information, whether through breach of our systems by an unauthorized party, employee theft or misuse, or otherwise, could harm our business. In addition, computer malware, viruses, social engineering (predominantly spear phishing attacks), and general hacking have become more prevalent, have occurred on our systems in the past, and could occur on our systems in the future. Inadvertent disclosure of such personal information, or if a third party were to gain unauthorized access to the personal information in our possession, has resulted in, and could result in future claims or litigation arising from damages suffered by such individuals. In addition, we could incur significant costs in complying with the multitude of federal, state and local laws regarding the unauthorized disclosure of personal information. Our efforts to protect such personal information may be unsuccessful due to software bugs or other technical malfunctions; employees, contractor, or vendor error or malfeasance; or other threats that evolve. In addition, third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or users to disclose sensitive information. The risks of these threats may increase due to the recent banking crisis. Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect the personal information we receive, store and use and to prevent or detect security breaches, we cannot assure you that such measures will provide absolute security. Any perceived or actual unauthorized disclosure of such information could harm our reputation, substantially impair our ability to attract and retain customers and have an adverse impact on our business. 
 Our business is subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations regarding privacy and data protection. Many of these laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation, and could result in claims, increased cost of operations or otherwise harm our business. 
 The regulatory environment surrounding data privacy and protection is constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change. New data protection laws, including recent legislation in a number of states afford consumers of those states an array of new rights, including the right to be informed about what kinds of personal data companies have collected and why it was collected, pose increasingly complex compliance challenges and potentially elevate our costs. Complying with varying jurisdictional requirements could increase the costs and complexity of compliance, and violations of applicable data protection laws could result in significant penalties. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with applicable data protection laws could result in proceedings or actions brought against us by governmental entities or others, subject us to significant fines, penalties, judgments and negative publicity, require us to change our business practices, increase the costs and complexity of compliance, and adversely affect our business. 
 Risks Relating to Our Financial Statements 
 If we fail to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting and other business practices, and of board-level oversight, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately or prevent and detect fraud and other improprieties. Consequently, investors could lose confidence in our financial reporting, and this may decrease the trading price of our stock. 
 We must maintain effective internal controls to provide reliable financial reports and to prevent and detect fraud and other improprieties. We are responsible for reviewing and assessing our internal controls and implementing additional controls when improvement is needed. The process of designing and implementing effective internal controls is a continuous effort that requires us to anticipate and react to changes in our business and the economic and regulatory environments and to expend significant resources to maintain a system of internal controls that is adequate to satisfy our reporting obligations as a public company. If we are unable to establish or maintain appropriate internal financial reporting controls and procedures, it could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations on a timely basis, result in material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements and harm our results of operations. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requirements regarding internal control over financial reporting, and other internal controls over business practices, are costly to implement and maintain, and such costs are relatively more burdensome for smaller companies such as us than for larger companies. We have limited internal personnel to implement procedures and rely on outside 
 22 

professionals including accountants and attorneys to support our control procedures. We are working to improve all of our controls but, if our controls are not effective, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately or prevent and detect fraud and other improprieties, which could lead to a decrease in the market price of our stock. Failure to implement any required changes to our internal controls or other changes we identify as necessary to maintain an effective system of internal controls could harm our operating results and cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information. Any such loss of confidence would have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock. 
 We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate these material weaknesses, or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, this may result in material misstatements of our consolidated financial statements or cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations. 
 As a public company, we are required, pursuant to Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our annual report for the year ended December 31, 2022. This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency or combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting that we are currently working to remediate, which relate to: (a) insufficient qualified personnel, which caused management to be unable to appropriately define responsibilities to create an effective control environment; (b) the lack of a formalized risk assessment process; and (c) selection and development of control activities, including over information technology. 
 Our management has concluded that these material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting are due to the fact that prior to the Merger we were a private company with limited resources and did not have the necessary business processes and related internal controls formally designed and implemented coupled with the appropriate resources with the appropriate level of experience and technical expertise to oversee our business processes and controls. 
 Our management has developed a remediation plan which we have begun and will continue to implement. These remediation measures are ongoing and include: hiring additional finance department employees with appropriate expertise; progressing towards the completion of our formalized risk assessment for SOX processes, including process mapping; and proceeding with steps intended to remediate the selection and development of control activities material weakness through the documentation of processes and controls in the financial statement close, reporting and disclosure processes while working to further enable our enterprise resource planning system and implement supporting software to improve the accuracy and controls over financial reporting. The material weaknesses will be considered remediated when our management designs and implements effective controls that operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are effective. Our management will monitor the effectiveness of its remediation plans and will make changes management determines to be appropriate, however we may encounter problems or delays in completing the remediation of the material weaknesses. In connection with the material weaknesses identified in our internal control over financial reporting we determined that our internal control over financial reporting are not effective and were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 If not remediated, these material weaknesses could result in material misstatements to our annual or interim consolidated financial statements that might not be prevented or detected on a timely basis, or in delayed filing of required periodic reports. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or when required in the future, if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an unqualified opinion as to the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected and our company could become subject to litigation or investigations by NYSE, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. Each of these material weaknesses could result in a misstatement of account balances or disclosures that would result in a material misstatement to the annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. 
 In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, we have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to expend, significant resources, including accounting-related costs and significant management oversight. Our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to formally attest to the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting until after it is no longer an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, as amended (the " JOBS Act "). At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our internal control over financial reporting is documented, designed or operating. Any failure to maintain effective disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, and remediate identified material weaknesses could adversely affect our business and operating results and could cause a decline in the market price of our common stock. 
 23 

The rules governing the standards that must be met for our management to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing and remediation. Testing and maintaining internal controls may divert our management s attention from other matters that are important to our business. Our testing, or the subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, may reveal additional deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses. A material weakness in internal controls could result in our failure to detect a material misstatement of our annual or quarterly consolidated financial statements or disclosures. We may not be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404. If we are unable to conclude that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 
 A significant portion of our activities are conducted through variable interest entities VIEs ), and changes to accounting guidance, policies or interpretations thereof could cause us to materially change the presentation of our financial statements. 
 We fund a significant portion of our activities by means of tax equity partnerships. In many cases, we consolidate these tax equity partnerships as VIEs in which we hold a variable interest and of which we are deemed to be the primary beneficiary. We evaluate whether an entity is a VIE whenever reconsideration events as defined by the accounting guidance occur. We determine the value of noncontrolling interests in VIEs using the HLBV method, as described under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates. Accounting for VIEs and noncontrolling interests is complex, subject to a number of uncertainties, and dependent on assumptions and estimates. Any changes in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (" GAAP ") guidance, policies or interpretation thereof could materially impact the presentation of our financial statements. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Securities 
 Concentration of ownership among existing executive officers, directors and their affiliates may prevent new investors from influencing significant corporate decisions. 
 Our directors, executive officers and their affiliates as a group beneficially own approximately 33 of the outstanding shares of our Class A common stock but without giving effect to any conversions of our Alignment Shares. As a result, these stockholders are able to exercise a significant level of influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, any amendment of the certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions. This influence could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in management and will make the approval of certain transactions difficult or impossible without the support of these stockholders. 
 Our stock price will be volatile, which could cause the value of your investment to decline. 
 The market price of our common stock will be volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in operating results; 
 failure to meet or exceed financial estimates and projections of the investment community or that we provide to the public; 
 issuance of new or updated research or reports by securities analysts or changed recommendations for the industry in general; 
 announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, collaborations or capital commitments; 
 operating and share price performance of other companies in the industry or related markets; 
 the timing and magnitude of investments in the growth of the business; 
 actual or anticipated changes in laws and regulations; 
 additions or departures of key management or other personnel; 
 increased labor costs; 
 disputes or other developments related to intellectual property or other proprietary rights, including litigation; 
 the ability to market new and enhanced solutions on a timely basis; 
 sales of substantial amounts of the common stock by our board of directors, executive officers or significant stockholders or the perception that such sales could occur; 
 24 

changes in capital structure, including future issuances of securities or the incurrence of debt; and 
 general economic, political and market conditions. 
 In addition, the stock market in general, and the stock prices of technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. Broad market and industry factors may seriously affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of actual operating performance. In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a particular company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. This litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources. 
 Anti-takeover provisions contained in our governing documents and applicable laws could impair a takeover attempt. 
 Our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation and second amended and restated bylaws afford certain rights and powers to the public company board of directors that could contribute to the delay or prevention of an acquisition that it deems undesirable. We are also subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or DGCL, and other provisions of Delaware law that limit the ability of stockholders in certain situations to effect certain business combinations. Any of the foregoing provisions and terms that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of their common stock, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for the common stock. 
 Our Alignment Shares have been accounted for as derivative liabilities and have been recorded at fair value with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 
 We have 1,207,500 Alignment Shares outstanding, all of which will be held by the Sponsor, certain officers of CBAH (such officers, together with the Sponsor, the " Sponsor Parties ") and existing CBAH directors. The Alignment Shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock based upon the Total Return (as defined in Exhibit 4.4 to this Form) on the Class A common stock as of the relevant measurement date over each of the seven fiscal years following the Merger. 
 We estimate the fair value of our Alignment Share using a Monte Carlo simulation, which is based on various market inputs (e.g., measurement of our stock price after the consummation of the Merger). 
 As a result of the estimation processes involved in presenting these instruments at fair value, our financial statements and results of operations may fluctuate quarterly, based on various factors, many of which are outside of our control. If our stock price is volatile, we expect that we will recognize non- cash gains or losses on Alignment Shares for each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 We may issue additional shares of Class A common stock or other equity securities without your approval, which would dilute your ownership interests and may depress the market price of your shares. 
 We may issue additional shares of Class A common stock or other equity securities of equal or senior rank in the future without stockholder approval in connection with, among other things, future acquisitions, repayment of outstanding indebtedness or under our equity plans and in a number of other circumstances. 
 Our issuance of additional shares of Class A common stock or other equity securities of equal or senior rank could have the following effects: 
 your proportionate ownership interest will decrease; 
 the relative voting strength of each previously outstanding share of common stock may be diminished; or 
 the market price of shares of common stock may decline. 
 Our charter designates a state court within the State of Delaware, to the fullest extent permitted by law, as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit the ability of our stockholders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or with our directors, officers or employees and may discourage stockholders from bringing such claims. 
 Under our charter, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum will be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if such court does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) for: 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 
 25 

any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by, or any wrongdoing by, any current or former director, officer or employee of the Company or the Company s stockholders; 
 any action asserting a claim against us or any current or former director or officer or other employee of ours arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our Certificate of Incorporation or bylaws (as either may be amended, restated, modified, supplemented or waived from time to time); and 
 any action asserting a claim against us or any current or former director or officer or other employee of ours governed by the internal affairs doctrine, or any action asserting an internal corporate claim as that term is defined in Section 115 of the DGCL. 
 
 These provisions of our charter could limit the ability of our stockholders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for certain disputes with us or with our current or former directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our current or former directors, officers and employees. 
 If, securities or industry analysts cease publishing research or reports about us, our business, or our market, or if they change their recommendations regarding our Class A common stock adversely, then the price and trading volume of our Class A common stock could decline. 
 The trading market for our Class A common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us, our business and operations, our market, or our competitors. If any of the analysts who may cover us change their recommendation regarding our stock adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, the price of our Class A common stock would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover us were to cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 General Risks 
 Our results of operations may fluctuate from quarter to quarter, which could make our future performance difficult to predict and could cause our results of operations for a particular period to fall below expectations, resulting in a decline in the price of our common stock. 
 Our quarterly results of operations are difficult to predict and may fluctuate significantly in the future. We have experienced seasonal and quarterly fluctuations in the past and expect these fluctuations to continue. However, given that we are operating in a rapidly changing industry and one of our primary growth strategies is to acquire strategic portfolio assets, those fluctuations may be masked by our recent growth rates. As a result, these fluctuations may not be readily apparent from our historical results of operations and our past quarterly results of operations may not be good indicators of likely future performance. In addition to the other risks described in this Risk factors section, as well as the factors discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following factors, among others, could cause our results of operations and key performance indicators to fluctuate: 
 the expiration, reduction or initiation of any governmental tax rebates, tax exemptions, or incentive ; 
 significant fluctuations in customer demand for our solar service offerings or fluctuations in the geographic concentration of installations of solar energy systems ; 
 changes in financial markets, which could restrict our ability to access available and cost-effective financing sources ; 
 seasonal, environmental or weather conditions that impact sales, energy production, and system installation ; 
 the acquisition of portfolio assets or other companies that we would expect to be able to integrate into our business operations and the costs associated therewith, including the costs of diligence and integration ; 
 the amount and timing of operating expenses related to the maintenance and expansion of our business, operations and infrastructure ; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of new products or services, significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships or joint ventures ; 
 capital-raising activities or commitments ; 
 changes in our pricing policies or terms or those of our competitors, including utilities ; 
 changes in regulatory policy related to solar energy generation ; 
 the loss of one or more key partners or the failure of key partners to perform as anticipated ; 
 our failure to successfully integrate acquired solar facilities ; 
 actual or anticipated developments in our competitors businesses or the competitive landscape ; 
 26 

actual or anticipated changes in our growth rate ; 
 general economic, industry and market conditions; and 
 changes to our cancellation rate. 
 
 In the past, we have experienced seasonal fluctuations in installations in certain states, particularly in the fourth quarter. This has been the result of weather-related installation delays. Our actual revenue or key operating metrics in one or more future quarters may fall short of the expectations of investors and financial analysts. If that occurs, the market price of our common stock could decline and stockholders could lose part or all of their investment. 
 Adverse economic conditions may have negative consequences on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Unpredictable and unstable changes in economic conditions, including recession, inflation, increased government intervention, the closure of regional banks which has recently occurred, or other changes, may adversely affect our general business strategy. We rely upon our ability to generate additional sources of liquidity and we may need to raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financings in order to fund existing operations or to take advantage of opportunities, including acquisitions of complementary businesses or technologies. Any adverse change in economic conditions would have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition and on our ability to generate or raise additional capital on favorable terms, or at all. 
 We may not successfully implement our business model. 
 Our business model is predicated on our ability to provide solar systems at a profit, and through organic growth, geographic expansion, and strategic acquisitions. We intend to continue to operate as we have previously with sourcing and marketing methods that we have used successfully in the past. However, we cannot assure that our methods will continue to attract new customers in the very competitive solar systems marketplace. In the event our customers resist paying the prices projected in our business plan to purchase solar installations, our business, financial condition, and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected. 
 Regulatory decisions that are important to us may be materially adversely affected by political, regulatory and economic factors. 
 The local and national political, regulatory and economic environment has had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on regulatory decisions with negative consequences for us. These decisions may require, for example, us to cancel or delay planned development activities, to reduce or delay other planned capital expenditures or to pay for investments or otherwise incur costs that we may not be able to recover through rates, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Certain other subsidiaries of ours are subject to similar risks. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in Stamford, Connecticut, where we lease and occupy 33,000 square feet of office space. The current term of our lease expires on May 1, 2032, with an option to continue thereafter for one term of five years. We believe that this facility is adequate to meet our current and near-term needs. 
 In addition, we own and operate solar generating facilities located in 22 states. We believe that no single solar generating facility is material to our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 The following table provides an overview of our solar generating facilities by state: 
 27 

State Megawatts installed Share, percentage Massachusetts 105 22.3 New Jersey 103 21.9 California 67 14.3 Minnesota 56 11.9 Hawaii 29 6.2 Nevada 21 4.5 New York 13 2.8 Maryland 10 2.1 Connecticut 10 2.1 All other 56 11.9 Total 470 100.0 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, the Company is a party to a number of claims and governmental proceedings which are ordinary, routine matters incidental to its business. In addition, in the ordinary course of business the Company periodically has disputes with vendors and customers. All current pending matters are not expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 28 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information 
 
 Our Class A common stock is listed on New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AMPS." 
 Holders 
 As of March 13, 2023, there were approximately 41 holders of record of our Class A common stock. The actual number of holders of our Class A common stock is greater than this number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares of our Class A common stock are held in street name by banks, brokers and other nominees. 
 Dividend Policy 
 The Company has not paid any cash dividends on shares of our common stock to date. The payment of cash dividends in the future will depend upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition. The payment of any cash dividends will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

29 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 
 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of financial condition and operating results for Altus Power, Inc. (as used in this section, Altus or the Company has been prepared by Altus Power's management. You should read the following discussion and analysis together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ). Any references in this section to we, our or us shall mean Altus. In addition to historical information, this Report, including this management s discussion and analysis MD A ), contains statements that are considered "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. These statements do not convey historical information but relate to predicted or potential future events and financial results, such as statements of our plans, strategies and intentions, or our future performance or goals that are based upon management's current expectations. Our forward-looking statements can often be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as believes, expects, intends, aims," may, could, will, should, plans, projects, forecasts, seeks, anticipates, goal, objective, target, estimate, future, outlook, vision, or variations of such words or similar terminology. Investors and prospective investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements are only projections based on current estimations. These statements involve risks and uncertainties and are based upon various assumptions. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to the risks as described in the "Risk Factors" section of this Report. These risks and uncertainties, among others, could cause our actual future results to differ materially from those described in our forward-looking statements or from our prior results. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this Report is based only on information currently available to us and speaks to circumstances only as of the date on which it is made. We are not obligated to update these forward-looking statements, even though our situation may change in the future. 
 Such forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other important factors, many of which are outside Altus Power s control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other important factors include, but are not limited to: (1) the risk that pending acquisitions, including acquisitions that may occur in the future, may not close in the anticipated timeframe or at all due to a closing condition not being met; (2) failure to obtain required consents or regulatory approvals in a timely manner or otherwise; (3) the ability of Altus Power to successfully integrate the acquisition of solar assets into its business and generate profits from their operations; (4) the ability of Altus Power to retain customers and maintain and expand relationships with business partners, suppliers, and customers; (5) the risk of litigation and/or regulatory actions related to the proposed acquisition of solar assets; and (6) the possibility that Altus Power may be adversely affected by other economic, business, regulatory, credit risk and/or competitive factors. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a developer, owner and operator of large-scale roof, ground and carport-based photovoltaic (" PV ") and energy storage systems, serving commercial and industrial, public sector and community solar customers. Our mission is to create a clean electrification ecosystem and drive the clean energy transition of our customers across the United States while simultaneously enabling the adoption of corporate environmental, social and governance (" ESG ") targets. In order to achieve our mission, we develop, own and operate solar generation and energy storage facilities. We believe we have the in-house expertise to develop, build and provide operations and maintenance and customer servicing for our assets. The strength of our platform is enabled by premier sponsorship from The Blackstone Group (" Blackstone "), which provides an efficient capital source and access to a network of portfolio companies, and CBRE Group, Inc. (" CBRE "), which provides direct access to its portfolio of owned and managed commercial and industrial C I properties. 
 We own systems across the United States from Hawaii to Vermont. Our portfolio consists of 470 megawatts MW of solar PV. We have long-term power purchase agreements (" PPAs ") with over 300 C I entities and contracts with over 5,000 residential customers which are serviced by approximately 40 megawatts of community solar projects currently in operation. We have agreements to install over 70 additional megawatts of community solar projects, all of which are in advanced stages of development. Our community solar projects are currently servicing customers in 5 states with projects in two additional states currently under construction. We also participate in numerous renewable energy credit REC programs throughout the country. We have experienced significant growth in the last 12 months as a product of organic growth and targeted acquisitions and operate in 22 states, providing clean electricity to our customers equal to the electricity consumption of approximately 60,000 homes, displacing 320,000 tons of CO 2 emissions per annum. 
 Comparability of Financial Information 
 Our historical operations and statements of assets and liabilities may not be comparable to our operations and financial position for reasons that include, but are not limited to (1) our business combination with CBRE Acquisition Holdings, Inc. as described in Note 1, General, to our audited consolidated annual financial statements included elsewhere in this Report (the " Merger "), recent acquisitions as described in Note 7, Acquisitions, the adoption of Accounting Standards Codification 
 30 

(" ASC ") Topic 842 (" ASC 842 ") as described in Note 2, "Significant Accounting Policies," and (2) costs associated with becoming a public company. 
 As a public company, Altus is subject to additional rules and regulations applicable to companies listed on a national securities exchange and compliance and reporting obligations pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Altus expects to hire additional employees to meet these rules and obligations, and incur higher expenses for investor relations, accounting advisory, directors' and officers insurance, legal and other professional services and will engage consultants and third party advisors to assist with the heightened requirements of being a public company. 
 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 Our results of operations and our ability to grow our business over time could be impacted by a number of factors and trends that affect our industry generally, as well as new offerings of services and products we may acquire or seek to acquire in the future. Additionally, our business is concentrated in certain markets, putting us at risk of region-specific disruptions such as adverse economic, regulatory, political, weather and other conditions. See Risk Factors elsewhere in this Report for further discussion of risks affecting our business. We believe the factors discussed below are key to our success. 
 Execution of Growth Strategies 
 We believe we are in the beginning stages of a market opportunity driven by the broad shift away from traditional energy sources to renewable energy and an increasing emphasis by the C I sector on their public commitment to decarbonization. We intend to leverage our competitive strengths and market position to become customers one-stop-shop for the clean energy transition by (i) using our existing customer and developer networks to build out our electric vehicle (" EV ") charging and energy storage offerings and establish a position comparable to that of our C I solar market position through our existing cross-sell opportunities and (ii) partnering with Blackstone and CBRE to access their client relationships, portfolio companies, and their strong brand recognition, to increase the number of customers we can support. 
 Competition 
 We compete in the C I scale renewable energy space with utilities, developers, independent power producers, pension funds and private equity funds for new investment opportunities. We expect to grow our market share because of the following competitive strengths: 
 Development Capability: We have established an innovative approach to the development process. From site identification and customer origination through the construction phase, we ve established a streamlined process enabling us to further create the scalability of our platform and significantly reduce the costs and time in the development process. Part of our attractiveness to our customers is our ability to ensure a high level of execution certainty. We anticipate that this ability to originate, source, develop and finance projects will ensure we can continue to grow and meet the needs of our customers. 
 Long-term Revenue Contracts: Our C I solar generation contracts have a typical length of 20 years or longer, creating long-term relationships with customers that allow us to cross-sell additional current and future products and services. The average remaining life of our current contracts is approximately 15 years. These long-term contracts are either structured at a fixed rate, often with an escalator, or floating rate pegged at a discount to the prevailing local utility rates. We refer to these latter contracts as variable rate, and as of December 31, 2022, these variable rate contracts make up approximately 52 of our current installed portfolio. During the year ended December 31, 2022, overall utility rates have been increasing in states where we have projects under variable rate contracts. The realization of solar power price increases varies depending on region, utility and terms of revenue contract, but generally, we would benefit from such increases in the future as inflationary pressures persist. 
 Flexible Financing Solutions: We have a market-leading cost of capital in an investment-grade rated scalable credit facility from Blackstone, which enables us to be competitive bidders in asset acquisition and development. In addition to our Blackstone term loan, we also have financing available through a revolving credit facility which has 200 million of committed capacity with 5-year maturity and interest of SOFR plus spread between 160 - 260 bps on drawn balances. 
 Leadership: We have a strong executive leadership team who has extensive experience in capital markets, solar development and solar construction, with over 20 years of experience each. Moreover, through the transaction structure, management and employees will continue to own a significant interest in the Company. 
 31 

CBRE Partnership: Our partnership with CBRE, the largest global real estate services company, provides us with a clear path to creating new customer relationships. CBRE is the largest manager of data centers and 90 of the Fortune 100 are CBRE clients, providing a significant opportunity for us to expand our customer base. 
 Financing Availability 
 Our future growth depends in significant part on our ability to raise capital from third-party investors and lenders on competitive terms to help finance the origination of our solar energy systems. We have historically used a variety of structures including tax equity financing, construction loan financing, and term loan financing to help fund our operations. From September 4, 2013, the inception of Legacy Altus, to December 31, 2022, we have raised over 100 million of tax equity financing, 80 million in construction loan financing and 1 billion of term loan financing. Our ability to raise capital from third-party investors and lenders is also affected by general economic conditions, the state of the capital markets, inflation levels, interest rate levels, and lenders' concerns about our industry or business. 
 Construction of Solar Energy Systems 
 Although the solar panel market has seen an increase in supply in the past few years, most recently, there has been upward pressure on prices due to lingering issues of supply chain, interconnection and permitting delays (further discussed below), recent inflationary pressures, growth in the solar industry, regulatory policy changes, tariffs and duties (including investigations of potential circumvention of antidumping and countervailing (" AD/CV ") duties and bans against imports of solar panel materials tied to forced labor), and an increase in demand. As a result of these developments, we have been experiencing higher prices on imported solar modules. The prices of imported solar modules have increased as a result of these other factors. If there are substantial increases, it may become less economical for us to serve certain markets. Attachment rates for energy storage systems have trended higher while the price to acquire has trended downward making the addition of energy storage systems a potential area of growth for us. 
 Projects originated by our channel partners which we then develop, engineer and construct benefit from a shorter time from agreed terms to revenues, typically 6 to 9 months based on our historical experience. Projects that we are originating ourselves and self-developing, such as those with a lead from CBRE or Blackstone, would historically take 12 to 15 months from agreed terms to bring to commercial operation. Given the supply chain challenges and permitting and interconnection delays described above, as of December 31, 2022, these historical timelines are currently pushed out by approximately 3 to 6 months. 
 Seasonality 
 The amount of electricity our solar energy systems produce is dependent in part on the amount of sunlight, or irradiation, where the assets are located. Because shorter daylight hours in winter months and poor weather conditions due to rain or snow results in less irradiation, the output of solar energy systems will vary depending on the season and the overall weather conditions in a year. While we expect seasonal variability to occur, the geographic diversity in our assets helps to mitigate our aggregate seasonal variability. 
 Another aspect of seasonality to consider is in our construction program, which is more productive during warmer weather months and generally results in project completion during fourth quarter. This is particularly relevant for our projects under construction in colder climates like the Northeast. 
 Pipeline 
 As of December 31, 2022, our pipeline of opportunities totaled over one gigawatt and is comprised of approximately 50 potential operating acquisitions and 50 projects under development. The operating acquisitions are dynamic with new opportunities being evaluated by our team each quarter. 
 As of December 31, 2022, with respect to the half of our pipeline made up of development projects, approximately 25 of these projects are currently in construction or pre-construction, 42 of these projects are still in the contracting or due diligence phase, and the final 33 represent projects from our client engagements which are progressing toward an agreement in principle. We have over 50 projects currently in construction or pre-construction. 
 As of December 31, 2022, with respect to the half of our pipeline made up of potential operating acquisitions, approximately 67 of these projects are currently in the initial engagement phase, 30 of these projects are in negotiation, and the final 3 of these projects are in the closing phase. 
 On February 15, 2023, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, APA Finance III, LLC (" APAF III "), closed its previously announced purchase of approximately 220 MW of solar assets (the True Green II Acquisition of True Green Capital Fund III, L.P. through acquisitions of the membership interests of APAF III Operating, LLC. The base purchase price is approximately 293 million, subject to customary working capital adjustments. The base purchase price and associated costs and expenses was funded by 193 million from the APAF III Term Loan and the remainder with cash. The Company also held back 
 32 

an aggregate 10.9 million as security for indemnification claims which are expected to be paid within nine months after closing, contingent upon completion of development assets. 
 Warrant Redemption 
 On September 15, 2022, the Company issued a notice for redemption of all 14,798,981 of the Company's outstanding Redeemable Warrants at 5:00 p.m. New York City time on October 17, 2022 (the Redemption Date for a redemption price of 0.10 per Warrant (the Redemption Price ). Holders could elect to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis and surrender the Redeemable Warrants for that number of shares of Class A Common Stock that is determined by reference to the table set forth in Section 6.2 of the Warrant Agreement based on the Redemption Date and the Redemption Fair Market Value of 10.98. Given the Redemption Fair Market Value and the Redemption Date, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued for each Redeemable Warrant that is exercised through a cashless exercise is 0.2763. Prior to the Redemption Date, the Company entered into several private warrant exchanges with warrant holders, exchanging 4,630,163 warrants for an aggregate of 1,111,243 shares of Class A Common Stock . 
 As of the Redemption Date, holders of 8,462 Redeemable Warrants exercised their Redeemable Warrants with the payment of cash and the Company received 93,082 of cash proceeds. Holders of 14,690,310 Redeemable Warrants exercised their Redeemable Warrants on a cashless basis in exchange for 4,058,845 shares of Class A Common Stock per Redeemable Warrant. A total of 100,209 Warrants remained unexercised as of the Redemption Date, and the Company redeemed those Warrants for an aggregate redemption price of 10,021. 
 Government Regulations, Policies and Incentives 
 Our growth strategy depends in significant part on government policies and incentives that promote and support solar energy and enhance the economic viability of distributed solar. These incentives come in various forms, including net metering, eligibility for accelerated depreciation such as modified accelerated cost recovery system, solar renewable energy credits SRECs ), tax abatements, rebate and renewable target incentive programs and tax credits, particularly the Section 48(a) investment tax credits (" ITC "). We are a party to a variety of agreements under which we may be obligated to indemnify the counterparty with respect to certain matters. Typically, these obligations arise in connection with contracts and tax equity partnership arrangements, under which we customarily agree to hold the other party harmless against losses arising from a breach of warranties, representations, and covenants related to such matters as title to assets sold, negligent acts, damage to property, validity of certain intellectual property rights, non-infringement of third-party rights, and certain tax matters including indemnification to customers and tax equity investors regarding Commercial ITCs. The sale of SRECs has constituted a significant portion of our revenue historically. A change in the value of SRECs or changes in other policies or a loss or reduction in such incentives could decrease the attractiveness of distributed solar to us and our customers in applicable markets, which could reduce our growth opportunities. Such a loss or reduction could also reduce our willingness to pursue certain customer acquisitions due to decreased revenue or income under our solar service agreements. Additionally, such a loss or reduction may also impact the terms of and availability of third-party financing. If any of these government regulations, policies or incentives are adversely amended, delayed, eliminated, reduced, retroactively changed or not extended beyond their current expiration dates or there is a negative impact from the recent federal law changes or proposals, our operating results and the demand for, and the economics of, distributed solar energy may decline, which could harm our business. 
 Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic and Supply Chain Issues 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the novel coronavirus COVID-19 a pandemic. 
 Our business operations have continued to function effectively during the pandemic. We are continuously evaluating the pandemic and are taking necessary steps to mitigate known risks. We will continue to adjust our actions and operations as appropriate in order to continue to provide safe and reliable service to our customers and communities while keeping our employees and contractors safe. We considered the impact of COVID-19 on the use of estimates and assumptions used for financial reporting and noted there were material impacts on our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, as supply chain issues and logistical delays have materially impacted the timing of our construction schedules and likely will continue to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 We have established a geographically diverse group of suppliers, which is intended to ensure that our customers have access to affordable and effective solar energy and storage options despite potential trade, geopolitical or event-driven risks. We do anticipate continuing impacts to our ability to source parts for our solar energy systems or energy storage systems, which we are endeavoring to mitigate via advanced planning and ordering from our diverse network of suppliers. However, if supply chains become even further disrupted due to additional outbreaks of the COVID-19 virus or more stringent health and safety guidelines are implemented, our ability to install and service solar energy systems could become more adversely impacted. 
 For additional discussion regarding risks associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, see Risk Factors elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 33 

Key Financial and Operational Metrics 
 We regularly review a number of metrics, including the following key operational and financial metrics, to evaluate our business, measure our performance and liquidity, identify trends affecting our business, formulate our financial projections and make strategic decisions. 
 Megawatts Installed 
 Megawatts installed represents the aggregate megawatt nameplate capacity of solar energy systems for which panels, inverters, and mounting and racking hardware have been installed on premises in the period. Cumulative megawatts installed represents the aggregate megawatt nameplate capacity of solar energy systems for which panels, inverters, and mounting and racking hardware have been installed on premises. 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Change Megawatts installed 470 362 108 
 
 Cumulative megawatts installed increased from 362 MW as of December 31, 2021 to 470 MW as of December 31, 2022. 
 The following table provides an overview of megawatts installed by state as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 State Megawatts installed Share, percentage Massachusetts 105 22.3 New Jersey 103 21.9 California 67 14.3 Minnesota 56 11.9 Hawaii 29 6.2 Nevada 21 4.5 New York 13 2.8 Maryland 10 2.1 Connecticut 10 2.1 All other 56 11.9 Total 470 100.0 
 
 Megawatt Hours Generated 
 Megawatt hours MWh generated represents the output of solar energy systems from operating solar energy systems. MWh generated relative to nameplate capacity can vary depending on multiple factors such as design, equipment, location, weather and overall system performance. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Change Megawatt hours generated 
 455,630 359,411 96,219 
 Megawatt hours generated increased from 359,411 MWh for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 455,630 MWh for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
 We define adjusted EBITDA as net income plus net interest expense, depreciation, amortization and accretion expense, income tax expense, acquisition and entity formation costs, stock-based compensation expense, and excluding the effect of certain non-recurring items we do not consider to be indicative of our ongoing operating performance such as, but not limited to, gain or loss on fair value remeasurement of contingent consideration, change in fair value of redeemable warrant liability, change in fair value of Alignment Shares liability, loss on extinguishment of debt, and other miscellaneous items of other income and expenses. See "Components of Results of Operations" below for a description of each of these items. 
 We define adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA divided by operating revenues. 
 34 

Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin are non-GAAP financial measures that we use to measure our performance. We believe that investors and analysts also use adjusted EBITDA in evaluating our operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin are not recognized as financial measures prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and should not be viewed as an alternative to U.S. GAAP measures of performance. The U.S. GAAP measure most directly comparable to adjusted EBITDA is net income and to adjusted EBITDA margin is net income over operating revenues. The presentation of adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin should not be construed to suggest that our future results will be unaffected by non-cash or non-recurring items. In addition, our calculation of adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin are not necessarily comparable to adjusted EBITDA as calculated by other companies and investors and analysts and therefore should be read carefully the components of our calculations of these non-GAAP financial measures. 
 We believe adjusted EBITDA is useful to management, investors and analysts in providing a measure of core financial performance adjusted to allow for comparisons of results of operations across reporting periods on a consistent basis. Factors in this determination include the exclusion of (1) variability due to gains or losses related to fair value remeasurement of contingent consideration and the change in fair value of redeemable warrant liability and Alignment Shares liability, (2) strategic decisions to acquire businesses, dispose of property, plant and equipment or extinguish debt, and (3) the non-recurring nature of stock-based compensation and other miscellaneous items of income and expense, which affect results in a given period or periods. In addition, Adjusted EBITDA represents the business performance of the Company before the application of statutory income tax rates and tax adjustments corresponding to the various jurisdictions in which the Company operates, as well as interest expense and depreciation, amortization and accretion expense, which are not representative of our ongoing operating performance. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is also used by our management for internal planning purposes, including our consolidated operating budget, and by our board of directors in setting performance-based compensation targets. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered an alternative to but viewed in conjunction with U.S. GAAP results, as we believe it provides a more complete understanding of ongoing business performance and trends than U.S. GAAP measures alone. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under U.S. GAAP. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Reconciliation of Net income to Adjusted EBITDA: Net income 52,167 13,005 Income tax expense 1,076 295 Interest expense, net 22,162 19,933 Depreciation, amortization and accretion expense 29,600 20,967 Stock-based compensation expense 9,404 148 Acquisition and entity formation costs 3,629 1,489 Loss (gain) on fair value remeasurement of contingent consideration 79 (2,800) Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment (2,222) (12,842) Change in fair value of redeemable warrant liability 5,647 2,332 Change in fair value of Alignment Shares liability (61,314) (5,013) Loss on extinguishment of debt 2,303 3,245 Other (income) expense, net (3,926) 245 Adjusted EBITDA 58,605 41,004 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA Margin: 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 58,605 41,004 Operating revenues, net 
 101,163 71,800 Adjusted EBITDA margin 
 58 57 

Components of Results of Operations 
 The Company derives its operating revenues principally from power purchase agreements, net metering credit agreements, solar renewable energy credits, and performance based incentives. 
 35 

Power sales under PPAs. A portion of the Company s power sales revenues is earned through the sale of energy (based on kilowatt hours) pursuant to the terms of PPAs. The Company s PPAs typically have fixed or floating rates and are generally invoiced monthly. The Company applied the practical expedient allowing the Company to recognize revenue in the amount that the Company has a right to invoice which is equal to the volume of energy delivered multiplied by the applicable contract rate. As of December 31, 2022, PPAs have a weighted-average remaining life of 12 years. 
 Power sales under net metering credit agreements. A portion of the Company s power sales revenues are obtained through the sale of net metering credits under net metering credit agreements NMCAs ). Net metering credits are awarded to the Company by the local utility based on kilowatt hour generation by solar energy facilities, and the amount of each credit is determined by the utility s applicable tariff. The Company currently receives net metering credits from various utilities including Eversource Energy, National Grid Plc, and Xcel Energy. There are no direct costs associated with net metering credits, and therefore, they do not receive an allocation of costs upon generation. Once awarded, these credits are then sold to third party offtakers pursuant to the terms of the offtaker agreements. The Company views each net metering credit in these arrangements as a distinct performance obligation satisfied at a point in time. Generally, the customer obtains control of net metering credits at the point in time when the utility assigns the generated credits to the Company account, who directs the utility to allocate to the customer based upon a schedule. The transfer of credits by the Company to the customer can be up to one month after the underlying power is generated. As a result, revenue related to NMCA is recognized upon delivery of net metering credits by the Company to the customer. As of December 31, 2022, NMCAs have a weighted-average remaining life of 17 years. 
 SREC revenue. The Company applies for and receives SRECs in certain jurisdictions for power generated by solar energy systems it owns. The quantity of SRECs is based on the amount of energy produced by the Company s qualifying generation facilities. SRECs are sold pursuant to agreements with third parties, who typically require SRECs to comply with state-imposed renewable portfolio standards. Holders of SRECs may benefit from registering the credits in their name to comply with these state-imposed requirements, or from selling SRECs to a party that requires additional SRECs to meet its compliance obligations. The Company receives SRECs from various state regulators including New Jersey Board of Public Utilities, Massachusetts Department of Energy Resources, and Maryland Public Service Commission. There are no direct costs associated with SRECs and therefore, they do not receive an allocation of costs upon generation. The majority of individual SREC sales reflect a fixed quantity and fixed price structure over a specified term. The Company typically sells SRECs to different customers from those purchasing the energy under PPAs. The Company believes the sale of each SREC is a distinct performance obligation satisfied at a point in time and that the performance obligation related to each SREC is satisfied when each SREC is delivered to the customer. 
 Power sales on wholesale markets. Sales of power on wholesale electricity market are recognized in revenue upon delivery. 
 Rental income. A portion of the Company s energy revenue is derived from long-term PPAs accounted for as operating leases under ASC 842. Rental income under these lease agreements is recorded as revenue when the electricity is delivered to the customer. 
 Performance Based Incentives. Many state governments, utilities, municipal utilities and co-operative utilities offer a rebate or other cash incentive for the installation and operation of a renewable energy facility. Up-front rebates provide funds based on the cost, size or expected production of a renewable energy facility. Performance based incentives provide cash payments to a system owner based on the energy generated by its renewable energy facility during a pre-determined period, and they are paid over that time period. The Company recognizes revenue from state and utility incentives at the point in time in which they are earned. 
 Cost of Operations (Exclusive of Depreciation and Amortization). Cost of operations primarily consists of operations and maintenance expense, site lease expense, insurance premiums, property taxes and other miscellaneous costs associated with the operations of solar energy facilities. Altus expects its cost of operations to continue to grow in conjunction with its business growth. These costs as a percentage of revenue will decrease over time, offsetting efficiencies and economies of scale with inflationary increases of certain costs. 
 General and Administrative. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, bonuses, benefits and all other employee-related costs, including stock-based compensation, professional fees related to legal, accounting, human resources, finance and training, information technology and software services, marketing and communications, travel, rent, and other office-related expenses. 
 Altus expects increased general and administrative expenses as it continues to grow its business but to decrease over time as a percentage of revenue. Altus also expects to incur additional expenses as a result of operating as a public company, including expenses necessary to comply with the rules and regulations applicable to companies listed on a national securities exchange and related to compliance and reporting obligations pursuant to the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (" SEC "). Further, Altus expects to incur higher expenses for investor relations, accounting advisory, directors' and officers insurance, and other professional services. 
 36 

Depreciation, Amortization and Accretion Expense. Depreciation expense represents depreciation on solar energy systems that have been placed in service. Depreciation expense is computed using the straight-line composite method over the estimated useful lives of assets. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful lives or the remaining term of the lease. Amortization includes third party costs necessary to enter into site lease agreements, third party costs necessary to acquire PPA and NMCA customers and favorable and unfavorable rate revenues contracts. Third party costs necessary to enter into site lease agreements are amortized using the straight-line method ratably over 15-30 years based upon the term of the individual site leases. Third party costs necessary to acquire PPAs and NMCA customers are amortized using the straight-line method ratably over 15-25 years based upon the term of the customer contract. Estimated fair value allocated to the favorable and unfavorable rate PPAs and REC agreements are amortized using the straight-line method over the remaining non-cancelable terms of the respective agreements. Accretion expense includes over time increase of asset retirement obligations associated with solar energy facilities. 
 Acquisition and Entity Formation Costs. Acquisition and entity formation costs represent costs incurred to acquire businesses and form new legal entities. Such costs primarily consist of professional fees for banking, legal, accounting and appraisal services. 
 Fair Value Remeasurement of Contingent Consideration. In connection with the Solar Acquisition (as defined in Note 10, Fair Value Measurements, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report), contingent consideration of up to an aggregate of 3.1 million may be payable upon achieving certain market power rates by the acquired solar energy facilities. The Company estimated the fair value of the contingent consideration for future earnout payments using a Monte Carlo simulation model. Significant assumptions used in the measurement include market power rates during the 36-month period, and the risk-adjusted discount rate associated with the business. 
 Gain on Disposal of Property, Plant and Equipment. In connection with the disposal of land, the Company recognized a gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment, which represents the excess of consideration received over the carrying value of the disposed land. 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized for awards granted under the Legacy Incentive Plans and Omnibus Incentive Plan, as defined in Note 19, "Stock-Based Compensation," to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report. 
 Change in Fair Value of Redeemable Warrant Liability. In connection with the Merger, the Company assumed a redeemable warrant liability composed of publicly listed warrants (the " Redeemable Warrants ") and warrants issued to CBRE Acquisition Sponsor, LLC in the private placement (the " Private Placement Warrants "). Redeemable Warrant Liability was remeasured through the Redemption Date, and the resulting loss was included in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Change in Fair Value of Alignment Shares. Alignment Shares represent Class B common stock of the Company which were issued in connection with the Merger. Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (" Alignment Shares ") are accounted for as liability-classified derivatives, which were remeasured as of December 31, 2022, and the resulting gain was included in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company estimates the fair value of outstanding Alignment Shares using a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model utilizing a distribution of potential outcomes based on a set of underlying assumptions such as stock price, volatility, and risk-free interest rates. 
 Other (Income) Expense, Net. Other income and expenses primarily represent interest income, state grants, and other miscellaneous items. 
 Interest Expense, Net. Interest expense, net represents interest on our borrowings under our various debt facilities, amortization of debt discounts and deferred financing costs, and unrealized gains and losses on interest rate swaps. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt. When the repayment of debt is accounted for as an extinguishment of debt, loss on extinguishment of debt represents the difference between the reacquisition price of debt and the net carrying amount of the extinguished debt. 
 Income Tax (Expense) Benefit. We account for income taxes under ASC 740, Income Taxes. As such, we determine deferred tax assets and liabilities based on temporary differences resulting from the different treatment of items for tax and financial reporting purposes. We measure deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to reverse. Additionally, we must assess the likelihood that deferred tax assets will be recovered as deductions from future taxable income. We have a partial valuation allowance on our deferred state tax assets because we believe it is more likely than not that a portion of our deferred state tax assets will not be realized. We evaluate the recoverability of our deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of 262.4 million available to offset future federal taxable income which will begin to expire in 2034. Of the Company's U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards, 225.3 million, can be carried forward indefinitely. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had state net 
 37 

operating losses of 155.4 million which will begin to expire in 2023, if not utilized. Deferred tax assets associated with state net operating losses that we believe are more likely than not to expire unutilized have been fully offset by a valuation allowance of 0.8 million and 0.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests. Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests represents third-party interests in the net income or loss of certain consolidated subsidiaries based on Hypothetical Liquidation Book Value. 
 Results of Operations Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands) Operating revenues, net 101,163 71,800 29,363 40.9 Operating expenses Cost of operations (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below) 17,532 14,029 3,503 25.0 General and administrative 25,026 16,767 8,259 49.3 Depreciation, amortization and accretion expense 29,600 20,967 8,633 41.2 Acquisition and entity formation costs 3,629 1,489 2,140 143.7 Loss (gain) on fair value remeasurement of contingent consideration 79 (2,800) 2,879 -102.8 Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment (2,222) (12,842) 10,620 -82.7 Stock-based compensation 9,404 148 9,256 Total operating expenses 83,048 37,758 45,290 119.9 Operating income 18,115 34,042 (15,927) -46.8 Other (income) expenses Change in fair value of redeemable warrant liability 5,647 2,332 3,315 142.2 Change in fair value of Alignment Shares liability (61,314) (5,013) (56,301) Other (income) expense, net (3,926) 245 (4,171) Interest expense, net 22,162 19,933 2,229 11.2 Loss on extinguishment of debt 2,303 3,245 (942) -29.0 Total other (income) expense (35,128) 20,742 (55,870) -269.4 Income before income tax expense 53,243 13,300 39,943 300.3 Income tax expense (1,076) (295) (781) 264.7 Net income 52,167 13,005 39,162 301.1 Net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests (3,270) 7,099 (10,369) -146.1 Net income attributable to Altus Power, Inc. 55,437 5,906 49,531 Net income per share attributable to common stockholders Basic 0.36 0.06 0.30 Diluted 0.35 0.06 0.29 Weighted average shares used to compute net income per share attributable to common stockholders Basic 154,648,788 92,751,839 61,896,949 66.7 Diluted 155,708,993 96,603,428 59,105,565 61.2 
 Percentage is not meaningful 
 38 

Operating revenues, net 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Change (in thousands) Power sales under PPAs 24,906 15,731 9,175 58.3 Power sales under NMCAs 27,162 23,029 4,133 17.9 Power sales on wholesale markets 4,146 975 3,171 325.2 Total revenue from power sales 56,214 39,735 16,479 41.5 Solar renewable energy credit revenue 40,502 28,271 12,231 43.3 Rental income 3,038 2,114 924 43.7 Performance based incentives 1,409 1,680 (271) (16.1) Total 101,163 71,800 29,363 40.9 
 Operating revenues, net increased by 29.4 million, or 40.9 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the increased number of solar energy facilities as a result of acquisitions and facilities placed in service during 2021 and 2022. We have three main sources of revenue including via PPAs, NMCAs, and the sale of solar renewable energy credits. The revenue streams from PPAs and NMCAs vary slightly in how the customers are billed and in which states the projects earn credits, but both are products of our 20+ year contracts with our customers who purchase power from our projects. Also, the Company has no NMCAs in states where high-profile Net Energy Metering proceedings are occurring, which are focused on utility rate design. 
 Cost of operations 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands) Cost of operations (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below) 17,532 14,029 3,503 25.0 
 Cost of operations increased by 3.5 million, or 25.0 , during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to the increased number of solar energy facilities as a result of acquisitions and facilities placed in service during 2022. 
 General and administrative 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands) General and administrative 25,026 16,767 8,259 49.3 
 
 General and administrative expense increased by 8.3 million, or 49.3 , during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to increase in general personnel costs resulting from increased headcount in multiple job functions and costs associated with operating as a public company. 
 
 Depreciation, amortization and accretion expense 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands) Depreciation, amortization and accretion expense 29,600 20,967 8,633 41.2 
 Depreciation, amortization and accretion expense increased by 8.6 million, or 41.2 , during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the increased number of solar energy facilities as a result of acquisitions and facilities placed in service during 2022. 
 39 

Acquisition and entity formation costs 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands) Acquisition and entity formation costs 3,629 1,489 2,140 143.7 
 Acquisition and entity formation increased by 2.1 million, or 143.7 , during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the DESRI Acquisition (as defined in Note 7, Acquisitions, to our audited consolidated annual financial statements included elsewhere in this Report) completed on November 11, 2022. 
 Loss (gain) on fair value remeasurement of contingent consideration 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands) Loss (gain) on fair value remeasurement of contingent consideration 79 (2,800) 2,879 (102.8) 
 Loss (gain) on fair value remeasurement of contingent consideration, net is primarily associated with the Solar Acquisition (as defined in Note 10, Fair Value Measurements, to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report) completed on December 22, 2020. Loss and gain on fair value remeasurement was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, due to changes in the values of significant assumptions used in the measurement, including the estimated market power rates. 
 Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands) Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment 2,222 12,842 (10,620) (82.7) 
 Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment is associated with the disposal of land that occurred in 2022 and the Johnston Disposal (as defined in Note 5, "Property, Plant and Equipment," to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report) in 2021. The gain was calculated as the excess of consideration received over the carrying value of the disposed land. 
 Stock-based compensation 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands) Stock-based compensation 9,404 148 9,256 
 Percentage is not meaningful 
 
 Stock-based compensation increased by 9.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to restricted stock units granted under the Omnibus Incentive Plan (as defined in Note 19, "Stock-Based Compensation," to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report), on February 15, 2022. 
 Change in fair value of redeemable warrant liability 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands) Change in fair value of redeemable warrant liability 5,647 2,332 3,315 142.2 
 40 

In connection with the Merger, the Company assumed a redeemable warrant liability which was remeasured through the Redemption Date, and the resulting loss was included in the consolidated statements of operations. The loss in 2022 was primarily driven by the increase in the quoted price of the Company's Redeemable Warrants as of the Redemption Date, compared to December 31, 2021. 
 Change in fair value of Alignment Shares liability 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands) Change in fair value of Alignment Shares liability (61,314) (5,013) (56,301) 
 Percentage is not meaningful 
 
 In connection with the Merger, the Company assumed a liability related to Alignment Shares, which was remeasured as of December 31, 2022, and the resulting gain was included in the consolidated statements of operations. The gain in 2022 was primarily driven by the decrease in the Company's stock price as of December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021. 
 Other (income) expense, net 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands) Other (income) expense, net (3,926) 245 (4,171) 
 Percentage is not meaningful 
 
 Other income was 3.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily consisting of a Hawaii state grant of 1.5 million, interest income of 2.4 million, and other miscellaneous income and expense items, as compared to other expense of 0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily consisting of fees related to the refinancing of the Rated Term Loan, partially offset by other miscellaneous other income items. 
 Interest expense, net 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands) Interest expense, net 22,162 19,933 2,229 11.2 
 Interest expense increased by 2.2 million, or 11.2 , during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the increase of outstanding debt held by the Company during these periods, but offset by a lower blended interest rate on the Amended Rated Term Loan Facility. 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands) Loss on extinguishment of debt 2,303 3,245 (942) (29.0) 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt recognized by the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022, was associated with the repayment of loans assumed in the DESRI acquisition. Loss on extinguishment of debt recognized by the Company during the year ended December 31, 2021, was associated with the refinancing of Rated Term Loan. In conjunction with the refinancing, a portion of the Rated Term Loan was extinguished, resulting in a loss on extinguishment of debt of 3.2 million. Refer to Note 9, "Debt," to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report. 
 Income tax expense 
 41 

For the Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands) Income tax expense (1,076) (295) (781) 264.7 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an income tax expense of 1.1 million in relation to a pretax income of 53.2 million, which resulted in an effective income tax rate of 2.0 . The effective income tax rate was primarily impacted by 11.7 million of income tax benefit related to fair value adjustments on redeemable warrants and Alignment Shares, 1.6 million of tax expense associated with nondeductible compensation, 0.7 million of income tax expense from net losses attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests, and 0.7 million of income tax benefit on transaction costs associated with the Merger return to provision adjustment. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded an income tax expense of 0.3 million in relation to a pretax income of 13.3 million, which resulted in an effective income tax rate of 2.2 . The effective income tax rate was primarily impacted by 1.1 million of state income tax expense, 0.3 million of valuation allowance on state net operating losses, 1.5 million of income tax benefit due to net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and 1.7 million of income tax benefit on transaction costs associated with the Merger. 
 Net (loss) income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands) Net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests (3,270) 7,099 (10,369) (146.1) 
 Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests was 3.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests of 7.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the Johnston Disposal in November 2021 and the attribution of the gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment to a noncontrolling interest holder and ITC recapture step downs during the year. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had total cash and restricted cash of 199.4 million. For a discussion of our restricted cash, see Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash, to our audited consolidated annual financial statements included elsewhere in this Report. 
 We seek to maintain diversified and cost-effective funding sources to finance and maintain our operations, fund capital expenditures, including customer acquisitions, and satisfy obligations arising from our indebtedness. Historically, our primary sources of liquidity included proceeds from the issuance of redeemable preferred stock, borrowings under our debt facilities, third party tax equity investors and cash from operations. Additionally, the Company received cash proceeds of 293 million as a result of the Merger. Our business model requires substantial outside financing arrangements to grow the business and facilitate the deployment of additional solar energy facilities. We will seek to raise additional required capital from borrowings under our existing debt facilities, third party tax equity investors and cash from operations. 
 The solar energy systems that are in service are expected to generate a positive return rate over the useful life, typically 32 years. After solar energy systems commence operations, they typically do not require significant additional capital expenditures to maintain operating performance. However, in order to grow, we are currently dependent on financing from outside parties. The Company will have sufficient cash and cash flows from operations to meet working capital, debt service obligations, contingencies and anticipated required capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months. However, we are subject to business and operational risks that could adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing. If financing is not available to us on acceptable terms if and when needed, we may be unable to finance installation of our new customers solar energy systems in a manner consistent with our past performance, our cost of capital could increase, or we may be required to significantly reduce the scope of our operations, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, our tax equity funds and debt instruments impose restrictions on our ability to draw on financing commitments. If we are unable to satisfy such conditions, we may incur penalties for non-performance under certain tax equity funds, experience installation delays, or be unable to make installations in accordance with our plans or at all. Any of these factors could also impact customer satisfaction, our business, operating results, prospects and financial condition. 
 42 

The Company has no exposure to Silicon Valley Bank, Signature Bank or First Republic Bank or their affiliates because the Company holds its cash and equivalents, and marketable securities at diverse institutions and the Company is not party to any financing agreement with any of these institutions or their affiliates. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 We enter into service agreements in the normal course of business. These contracts do not contain any minimum purchase commitments. Certain agreements provide for termination rights subject to termination fees or wind down costs. Under such agreements, we are contractually obligated to make certain payments to vendors, mainly, to reimburse them for their unrecoverable outlays incurred prior to cancellation. The exact amounts of such obligations are dependent on the timing of termination, and the exact terms of the relevant agreement and cannot be reasonably estimated. As of December 31, 2022, we do not expect to cancel these agreements. 
 The Company has operating leases for land and buildings and has contractual commitments to make payments in accordance with site lease agreements. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 The Company enters into letters of credit and surety bond arrangements with lenders, local municipalities, government agencies, and land lessors. These arrangements relate to certain performance-related obligations and serve as security under the applicable agreements. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had outstanding letters of credit and surety bonds totaling 15.4 million and 10.6 million, respectively. Our outstanding letters of credit are primarily used to fund the debt service reserve account associated with the Amended Rated Term Loan. We believe the Company will fulfill the obligations under the related arrangements and do not anticipate any material losses under these letters of credit or surety bonds. 
 
 Debt 
 Amended Rated Term Loan 
 As part of the Blackstone Credit Facility, APA Finance, LLC APAF ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a 251.0 million term loan facility with Blackstone Insurance Solutions (" BIS ") through a consortium of lenders, which consists of investment grade-rated Class A and Class B notes (the " Rated Term Loan "). 
 On August 25, 2021, APAF entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with BIS to refinance the Rated Term Loan (the Amended Rated Term Loan ). The Amended Rated Term Loan added 135.6 million to the facility, bringing the aggregate facility to 503.0 million. The Amended Rated Term Loan has a weighted average 3.51 annual fixed rate, reduced from the previous weighted average rate of 3.70 , and matures on February 29, 2056 Final Maturity Date ). 
 The Amended Rated Term Loan amortizes at a rate of 2.5 of initial outstanding principal per annum for a period of 8 years at which point the amortization steps up to 4 per annum until September 30, 2031 Anticipated Repayment Date ). After the Anticipated Repayment Date, the loan becomes fully-amortizing, and all available cash is used to pay down principal until the Final Maturity Date. The Amended Rated Term Loan is secured by the membership interests in the Company's subsidiaries. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of the Amended Rated Term Loan was 487.2 million, less unamortized debt discount and loan issuance costs totaling 7.6 million. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding principal balance of the Rated Term Loan was 499.8 million, less unamortized debt discount and loan issuance costs totaling 8.4 million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants. As of December 31, 2021, the Company was in compliance with all covenants, except the delivery of the APAF audited consolidated financial statements, for which the Company obtained a waiver to extend the financial statement reporting deliverable due date. The Company delivered the audited financial statements on May 25, 2022, before the extended reporting deliverable due date. 
 DESRI Loans and APAF II Term Loan 
 In conjunction with the DESRI Acquisition, the Company assumed five project-level term loans with a total outstanding principal of 106.3 million and a fair value discount of 1.0 million (the " DESRI Loans "). From November 11, 2022 (the date of the DESRI Acquisition) to December 23, 2022 (the date the loans were repaid, as discussed below), the Company incurred interest costs of 0.9 million associated with the DESRI Loans. 
 On December 23, 2022, APA Finance II, LLC APAF II ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a 125.7 million term loan facility (the APAF II Term Loan with KeyBank National Association (" KeyBank ") and The Huntington Bank as lenders. The proceeds of the APAF II Term Loan were used to repay the outstanding amounts under the DESRI Loans. The APAF II Term Loan matures on December 23, 2027, and has a variable interest rate based on SOFR plus a spread of 1.475 . Simultaneously with entering into the Term Loan, the Company entered into interest rate swaps for the 100 of the amount of debt outstanding, which effectively fixed the interest rate at 4.885 (see Note 10, "Fair Value Measurements," 
 43 

to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for further details). The Company incurred 1.2 million of issuance costs related to the APAF II Term Loan, which have been deferred and recorded as a reduction to the outstanding principal balance and are amortized as interest expense on a straight-line basis until the loan's maturity date. 
 The repayment of the DESRI Loans was accounted for as a debt extinguishment. As a result, the Company recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of 2.3 million in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of the APAF II Term Loan was 125.7 million, less unamortized debt issuance costs of 2.7 million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants. 
 Construction Loan to Term Loan Facility 
 On January 10, 2020, APA Construction Finance, LLC APACF a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a credit agreement with Fifth Third Bank, National Association and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch to fund the development and construction of future solar facilities Construction Loan to Term Loan Facility ). The Construction Loan to Term Loan Facility included a construction loan commitment of 187.5 million, which can be drawn until January 10, 2023. 
 The construction loan commitment can convert to a term loan upon commercial operation of a particular solar energy facility. In addition, the Construction Loan to Term Loan Facility accrued a commitment fee at a rate equal to .50 per year of the daily unused amount of the commitment. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balances of the construction loan and term loan were zero and 15.9 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding principal balances of the construction loan and term loan were 5.6 million and 12.3 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had an unused borrowing capacity of 171.6 million and 169.7 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred interest costs associated with outstanding construction loans totaling million and 0.3 million, respectively, which were capitalized as part of property, plant and equipment. Outstanding amounts under the Construction to Term Loan Facility are secured by a first priority security interest in all of the property owned by APACF and each of its project companies, including all of the solar energy facility assets under construction a first priority security interest in all of the property owned by APACF and each of its project companies, including all of the solar energy facility assets under construction. The Construction Loan to Term Loan includes various financial and other covenants for APACF and the Company, as guarantor. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company was in compliance with all covenants. 
 Project-Level Term Loan 
 In conjunction with the Stellar NJ 2 Acquisition (as defined in Note 7, "Acquisitions," to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report), the Company assumed a project-level term loan with an outstanding principal balance of 14.1 million and a fair value discount of 2.2 million. The term loan is subject to scheduled semi-annual amortization and interest payments, and matures on September 1, 2029. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of the term loan is 12.6 million, less unamortized debt discount of 2.1 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred interest costs associated with the term loan of 0.2 million. 
 The term loan is secured by an interest in the underlying solar project assets and the revenues generated by those assets. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants. 
 APAG Revolver 
 On December 19, 2022, APA Generation, LLC APAG ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into revolving credit facility with Citibank, N.A. with a total committed capacity of 200.0 million (the " APAG Revolver "). Outstanding amounts under the APAG Revolver have a variable interest rate based on a base rate and an applicable margin. The APAG Revolver matures on December 19, 2027. As of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding under the APAG Revolver. 
 Financing Obligations Recognized in Failed Sale Leaseback Transactions 
 From time to time, the Company sells equipment to third parties and enters into master lease agreements to lease the equipment back for an agreed-upon term. The Company has assessed these arrangements and determined that the transfer of assets should not be accounted for as a sale in accordance with ASC 842. Therefore, the Company accounts for these transactions using the financing method by recognizing the consideration received as a financing obligation, with the assets subject to the transaction remaining on the balance sheet of the Company and depreciated based on the Company's normal depreciation policy. The aggregate proceeds have been recorded as long-term debt within the consolidated balance sheets. 
 44 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company's recorded financing obligations were 35.6 million, net of 1.1 million of deferred transaction costs, and 36.5 million, net of 1.1 million of deferred transactions costs, respectively Payments of 2.2 million and 0.5 million were made under the financing obligation for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest expense, inclusive of the amortization of deferred transaction costs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were 1.5 million and 0.4 million, respectively. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table sets forth the primary sources and uses of cash and restricted cash for each of the periods presented below: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 35,242 23,704 Investing activities (163,212) (223,250) Financing activities (2,953) 491,661 Net decrease in cash and restricted cash (130,923) 292,115 
 Operating Activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by operating activities of 35.2 million consisted primarily of net income of 52.2 million adjusted for net non-cash income of 12.1 million and increase in net assets of 4.8 million. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, cash provided by operating activities of 23.7 million consisted primarily of net income of 13.0 million adjusted for the net non-cash expense of 8.9 million and off-set by an increase in net liabilities of 1.8 million. 
 Investing Activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities was 163.2 million, consisting of 77.2 million of capital expenditures, 76.2 million of payments to acquire businesses, net of cash and restricted cash acquired, and 13.9 million of payments to acquire renewable energy facilities from third parties, net of cash and restricted cash acquired, partially off-set by 3.6 million of proceeds from the disposal of property, plant and equipment and 0.5 million of other cash receipts from investing activities. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in investing activities was 223.3 million, consisting of 14.6 million of capital expenditures, 201.2 million of payments to acquire businesses, net of cash and restricted cash acquired, 27.4 million of payments to acquire renewable energy facilities from third parties, net of cash and restricted cash acquired, partially off-set by 19.9 million of proceeds from the disposal of property, plant and equipment. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used for financing activities was 3.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which consisted primarily of 124.7 million of proceeds from issuance of long-term debt and 6.1 million of contributions from noncontrolling interests. Cash provided by financing activities was off-set by 123.4 million to repay long-term debt, 5.3 million of debt issuance costs, 1.3 million of debt extinguishment costs, 0.7 million of equity issuance costs related to the Merger, 0.1 million of paid contingent consideration, 0.5 million paid to redeem noncontrolling interests, and 2.6 million of distributions to noncontrolling interests. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 491.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which consisted of 311.1 million of proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, 637.5 million of proceeds from the Merger and PIPE financing, 82.0 million proceeds from issuance of common stock and Series A preferred stock, and 3.8 million of contributions from noncontrolling interests. Net cash provided by financing activities was partially off-set by 160.5 million to repay long-term debt, 55.4 million of transaction costs related to the Merger, 290.0 million to repay Series A preferred stock, 22.2 million of paid dividends and commitment fees on Series A preferred stock, 2.6 million of debt issuance costs, 1.5 million of debt extinguishment costs, 5.3 million paid to redeem noncontrolling interests, 5.0 million of distributions to noncontrolling interests, and 0.2 million of paid contingent consideration. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and 
 45 

liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to inventories, long-lived assets, goodwill, identifiable intangibles, contingent consideration liabilities and deferred income tax valuation allowances. We base our estimates on historical experience and on appropriate and customary assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Some of these accounting estimates and assumptions are particularly sensitive because of their significance to our consolidated financial statements and because of the possibility that future events affecting them may differ markedly from what had been assumed when the financial statements were prepared. 
 While the Company s significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 2, "Significant Accounting Policies," to the audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report, it believes the following accounting policies and estimates to be most critical to the preparation of its consolidated financial statements. 
 Business Combinations and Acquisitions of Assets 
 The Company applies the definition of a business in ASC 805, Business Combinations, to determine whether it is acquiring a business or a group of assets. When the Company acquires a business, the purchase price is allocated to (i) the acquired tangible assets and liabilities assumed, primarily consisting of solar energy facilities and land, (ii) the identified intangible assets and liabilities, primarily consisting of favorable and unfavorable rate PPAs and REC agreements, (iii) asset retirement obligations (iv) non-controlling interests, and (v) other working capital items based in each case on their estimated fair values. The excess of the purchase price, if any, over the estimated fair value of net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. The fair value measurements of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were derived utilizing an income approach and based, in part, on significant inputs not observable in the market. These inputs include, but are not limited to, estimates of future power generation, commodity prices, operating costs, and appropriate discount rates. These inputs required significant judgments and estimates at the time of the valuation. In addition, acquisition costs related to business combinations are expensed as incurred. 
 When an acquired group of assets does not constitute a business, the transaction is accounted for as an asset acquisition. The cost of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in asset acquisitions is allocated based upon relative fair value. The fair value measurements of the solar facilities acquired and asset retirement obligations assumed were derived utilizing an income approach and based, in part, on significant inputs not observable in the market. These inputs include, but are not limited to, estimates of future power generation, commodity prices, operating costs, and appropriate discount rates. These inputs required significant judgments and estimates at the time of the valuation. Transaction costs incurred on an asset acquisition are capitalized as a component of the assets acquired. 
 Power Sales under PPAs 
 A portion of the Company s power sales revenues is earned through the sale of energy (based on kilowatt hours) pursuant to terms of PPAs. PPAs that do not qualify as leases under ASC 842, Leases , or derivatives under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , are accounted for under ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . A portion of PPAs that qualify as derivatives is not material. The Company s PPAs typically have fixed or floating rates and are generally invoiced on a monthly basis. The Company typically sells energy and related environmental attributes (e.g., SRECs) separately to different customers and considers the delivery of power energy under PPAs to represent a series of distinct goods that is substantially the same and has the same pattern of transfer measured by the output method. The Company applied the practical expedient allowing the Company to recognize revenue in the amount that the Company has a right to invoice which is equal to the volume of energy delivered multiplied by the applicable contract rate. There was no change in the Company s revenue recognition policy for PPAs as a result of adopting ASC 606. For certain of the Company s rooftop solar energy facilities revenue is recognized net of immaterial pass-through lease charges collected on behalf of building owners. 
 Power Sales under NCMAs 
 A portion of the Company s power sales revenues are obtained through the sale of net metering credits under NMCAs. Net metering credits are awarded to the Company by the local utility based on kilowatt hour generation by solar energy facilities, and the amount of each credit is determined by the utility s applicable tariff. The Company currently receives net metering credits from various utilities including Eversource Energy, National Grid Plc, and Xcel Energy. There are no direct costs associated with net metering credits, and therefore, they do not receive an allocation of costs upon generation. Once awarded, these credits are then sold to third party offtakers pursuant to the terms of the offtaker agreements. The Company views each net metering credit in these arrangements as a distinct performance obligation satisfied at a point in time. Generally, the customer obtains control of net metering credits at the point in time when the utility assigns the generated credits to the Company, who directs the utility to allocate to the customer based upon a schedule. The transfer of credits by the Company to the customer can be up to one-month after the underlying power is generated. As a result, revenue related to NMCA is recognized upon delivery of net metering credits by the Company to the customer. The Company s customers apply net metering credits as a reduction to their utility bills. 
 46 

SREC Revenue 
 The Company applies for and receives SRECs in certain jurisdictions for power generated by solar energy systems it owns. The quantity of SRECs is based on the amount of energy produced by the Company s qualifying generation facilities. SRECs are sold pursuant to agreements with third parties, who typically require SRECs to comply with state-imposed renewable portfolio standards. Holders of SRECs may benefit from registering the credits in their name to comply with these state-imposed requirements, or from selling SRECs to a party that requires additional SRECs to meet its compliance obligations. The Company receives SRECs from various state regulators including: New Jersey Board of Public Utilities, Massachusetts Department of Energy Resources, and Maryland Public Service Commission. There are no direct costs associated with SRECs, and therefore, they do not receive an allocation of costs upon generation. Generally, individual SREC sales reflect a fixed quantity and fixed price structure over a specified term. The contracts related to SREC sales with a fixed price and quantity have maturity dates ranging from 2023 to 2031. The Company typically sells SRECs to different customers from those purchasing the energy under PPAs. The Company believes the sale of each SREC is a distinct performance obligation satisfied at a point in time and that the performance obligation related to each SREC is satisfied when each SREC is delivered to the customer. 
 Income Taxes 
 The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the consolidated financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial statements and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rate on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. 
 The Company records net deferred tax assets to the extent it believes these assets will more likely than not be realized. In evaluating if a valuation allowance is warranted, the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent financial operations, refer to Note 20, "Income Taxes," for further details. 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires the Company to report information regarding its exposure to various tax positions taken by the Company. The Company is required to determine whether a tax position of the Company is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority, including the resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. The uncertain tax position to be recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement, which could result in the Company recording a tax liability that would reduce net assets. The Company reviews and evaluates tax positions and determines whether or not there are uncertain tax positions that require financial statement recognition. Generally, tax authorities can examine all tax returns filed for the last three years. 
 Management believes that the Company has adequately addressed all relevant tax positions and that there are no unrecorded tax liabilities. As a result, no income tax liability or expense related to uncertain tax positions have been recorded in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 The Company s income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect management s best assessment of estimated future taxes to be paid. 
 Noncontrolling Interests and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests in Solar Facility Subsidiaries 
 Noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests represent third parties equity interests in the net assets of certain consolidated Solar Facility Subsidiaries. Third party equity interests are primarily represented by tax equity partnerships which were created to finance the costs of solar energy facilities under long-term operating agreements. The tax equity interests are generally entitled to receive substantially all the accelerated depreciation tax deductions and investment tax credits arising from Solar Facility Subsidiaries pursuant to their contractual shareholder agreements, together with a portion of these ventures distributable cash. The tax equity interests claim to tax attributes and distributable cash from Solar Facility Subsidiaries decreases to a small residual interest after a predefined flip point occurs, typically the expiration of a time period or upon the tax equity investor s achievement of a target yield. Because the tax equity interests participation in tax attributes and distributable cash from each Solar Facility Subsidiary is not consistent over time with their initial capital contributions or percentage interest, the Company has determined that the provisions in the contractual arrangements represent substantive profit-sharing arrangements. In order to reflect the substantive profit-sharing arrangements, the Company has determined that the appropriate methodology for attributing income and loss to the noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests each period is a balance sheet approach referred to as the Hypothetical Liquidation at Book Value HLBV method. Under the HLBV method, the amounts of income and loss attributed to the noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests in the consolidated statements of operations reflect changes in the amounts the third parties would hypothetically receive at each balance sheet date based on the liquidation provisions of the respective operating partnership agreements. HLBV assumes that the proceeds available for distribution are equivalent to the unadjusted, stand-alone net assets of each respective partnership, as 
 47 

determined under U.S. GAAP. The third parties noncontrolling interest in the results of operations of these subsidiaries is determined as the difference in the noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests claims under the HLBV method at the start and end of each reporting period, after considering any capital transactions, such as contributions or distributions, between the subsidiaries and third parties. The application of HLBV generally results in the attribution of pre-tax losses to tax equity interests in connection with their receipt of accelerated tax benefits from the Solar Facility Subsidiaries, as the third-party investors receipt of these benefits typically reduces their claim on the partnerships net assets. 
 Attributing income and loss to the noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests under the HLBV method requires the use of significant assumptions and estimates to calculate the amounts that third parties would receive upon a hypothetical liquidation. Changes in these assumptions and estimates can have a significant impact on the amount that third parties would receive upon a hypothetical liquidation. The use of the HLBV methodology to allocate income to the noncontrolling and redeemable noncontrolling interest holders may create volatility in the Company s consolidated statements of operations as the application of HLBV can drive changes in net income available and loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests from quarter to quarter. 
 The Company classifies certain noncontrolling interests with redemption features that are not solely within the control of the Company outside of permanent equity on its consolidated balance sheets. Estimated redemption value is calculated as the discounted cash flows attributable to the third parties subsequent to the reporting date. Redeemable noncontrolling interests are reported using the greater of their carrying value at each reporting date as determined by the HLBV method or their estimated redemption value in each reporting period. Estimating the redemption value of the redeemable noncontrolling interests requires the use of significant assumptions and estimates. Changes in these assumptions and estimates can have a significant impact on the calculation of the redemption value. See Note 13, "Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest," to the Company s audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report. 
 
 Emerging Growth Company Status 
 In April 2012, the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act, was enacted. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company, or an EGC, can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, for complying with new or revised accounting standards. Thus, an EGC can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. Altus has elected to use the extended transition period for new or revised accounting standards during the period in which we remain an EGC. 
 We expect to remain an EGC until the earliest to occur of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year in which we, as applicable, have more than 1.235 billion in annual revenue; (2) the date we qualify as a large accelerated filer, with at least 700 million of equity securities held by non-affiliates; (3) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period; and (4) the last day of the fiscal year ending after the fifth anniversary of our initial public offering. 
 Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (i) the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is greater than or equal to 250 million as of the end of that fiscal year's second fiscal quarter, or (ii) our annual revenues are greater than or equal to 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is greater than or equal to 700 million as of the end of that fiscal year's second fiscal quarter. If we are a smaller reporting company at the time we cease to be an emerging growth company, we may continue to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are available to smaller reporting companies. Specifically, as a smaller reporting company we may choose to present only the two most recent fiscal years of audited financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and, similar to emerging growth companies, smaller reporting companies have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 A description of recently issued accounting pronouncements that may potentially impact our financial position and results of operations is disclosed in Note 2, "Significant Accounting Policies," to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are exposed to various market risks in our normal business activities. Market risk is the potential loss that may result from market changes associated with our business or with an existing or forecasted financial or commodity transactions. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 48 

A significant portion of our outstanding debt has a fixed interest rate (for further details refer to Note 9, "Debt," in our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report). However, changes in interest rates create a modest risk because certain borrowings bear interest at floating rates based on LIBOR plus a specified margin. We sometimes manage our interest rate exposure on floating-rate debt by entering into derivative instruments to hedge all or a portion of our interest rate exposure on certain debt facilities. We do not enter into any derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Changes in economic conditions could result in higher interest rates, thereby increasing our interest expense and operating expenses and reducing funds available for capital investments, operations, and other purposes. A hypothetical 10 increase in our interest rates on our variable debt facilities would not have a material impact on the value of the Company s cash, cash equivalents, debt, net income, or cash flows. 
 Credit Risk 
 Financial instruments which potentially subject Altus to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and restricted cash. Our investment policy requires cash and restricted cash to be placed with high-quality financial institutions and limits the amount of credit risk from any one issuer. We additionally perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers financial condition whenever deemed necessary and generally do not require collateral. The Company has no exposure to Silicon Valley Bank, Signature Bank or First Republic Bank or their affiliates because the Company holds its cash and equivalents, and marketable securities at diverse institutions and the Company is not party to any financing agreement with any of these institutions or their affiliates. 
 
 49 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB: 
 51 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 51 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 56 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 57 
 
 50 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Altus Power, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Altus Power, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 14 Leases to the financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for leases in the year ended December 31, 2022 due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 

51 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Operating revenues, net Operating expenses Cost of operations (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below) General and administrative Depreciation, amortization and accretion expense Acquisition and entity formation costs Loss (gain) on fair value remeasurement of contingent consideration ) Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment ) ) Stock-based compensation Total operating expenses Operating income Other (income) expenses Change in fair value of redeemable warrant liability Change in fair value of Alignment Shares liability ) ) Other (income) expense, net ) Interest expense, net Loss on extinguishment of debt Total other (income) expense ) Income before income tax expense Income tax expense ) ) Net income Net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Net income attributable to Altus Power, Inc. Net income per share attributable to common stockholders Basic Diluted Weighted average shares used to compute net income per share attributable to common stockholders Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 52 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Current portion of restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Other current assets Total current assets Restricted cash, noncurrent portion Property, plant and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Operating lease asset Derivative assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interests, and stockholders' equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Construction payable Interest payable Purchase price payable, current Due to related parties Current portion of long-term debt Operating lease liability, current Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Redeemable warrant liability Alignment Shares liability Long-term debt, net of unamortized debt issuance costs and current portion Intangible liabilities, net Purchase price payable, noncurrent Asset retirement obligations Operating lease liability, noncurrent Contract liability Deferred tax liabilities, net Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingent liabilities (Note 15) Redeemable noncontrolling interests Stockholders' equity Common stock par value; shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interests, and stockholders' equity 

53 

The following table presents the assets and liabilities of the consolidated variable interest entities (Refer to Note 8). 
 
 As of December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Assets of consolidated VIEs, included in total assets above: Cash Current portion of restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Other current assets Restricted cash, noncurrent portion Property, plant and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Operating lease asset Other assets Total assets of consolidated VIEs Liabilities of consolidated VIEs, included in total liabilities above: Accounts payable Operating lease liability, current Current portion of long-term debt Other current liabilities Long-term debt, net of unamortized debt issuance costs and current portion Intangible liabilities, net Asset retirement obligations Operating lease liability, noncurrent Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities of consolidated VIEs 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

54 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 
 Class A Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Total Stockholders' Equity Non Controlling Interests Total Equity Shares Amount As of December 31, 2020 ) Issuance of Series A preferred stock Cash contributions from noncontrolling interests Accretion of Series A preferred stock ) Stock-based compensation Accrued dividends and commitment fees on Series A preferred stock ) Payment of dividends and commitment fees on Series A preferred stock ) ) ) Issuance of Class A common stock upon the Merger, net of redemptions and equity issuance costs Redemption of Series A preferred stock ) ) ) Cash distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Redemption of noncontrolling interests ) ) Redemption of redeemable noncontrolling interests Noncontrolling interests assumed through acquisitions Net income As of December 31, 2021 ) Stock based compensation Cash distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Cash contributions from non-controlling interests Equity issuance costs ) ) ) Conversion of Alignment Shares to Class A common stock Exchange of warrants into common stock Exercised warrants Redemption of redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) ) Non-controlling interests assumed through acquisitions Net income (loss) ) As of December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 55 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities: Depreciation, amortization and accretion Deferred tax expense Non-cash lease expense Amortization of debt discount and financing costs Loss on extinguishment of debt Change in fair value of redeemable warrant liability Change in fair value of Alignment Shares liability ) ) Remeasurement of contingent consideration ) Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment ) ) Stock-based compensation Other ) Changes in assets and liabilities, excluding the effect of acquisitions Accounts receivable ) Due from related parties Derivative assets ) ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Interest payable ) Contract liability Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) Payments to acquire businesses, net of cash and restricted cash acquired ) ) Payments to acquire renewable energy facilities from third parties, net of cash and restricted cash acquired ) ) Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment Other ) Net cash used for investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Repayments of long-term debt ) ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) ) Payment of debt extinguishment costs ) ) Proceeds from the Merger and PIPE financing Payment of transaction costs related to the Merger ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock and Series A preferred stock Repayment of Series A preferred stock ) Payment of dividends and commitment fees on Series A preferred stock ) Proceeds from exercise of warrants Payment of contingent consideration ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Redemption of redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities ) Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of year 
 56 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Supplemental cash flow disclosure Cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized Cash paid for taxes Non-cash investing and financing activities Asset retirement obligations Debt assumed through acquisitions Initial recording of noncontrolling interest Redeemable noncontrolling interest assumed through acquisitions Acquisitions of property and equipment included in construction payable Construction loan conversion ) Term loan conversion Exchange of warrants into common stock Warrants exercised on a cashless basis Conversion of Alignment Shares into common stock Deferred purchase price payable 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

57 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

 1. 

2. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, million was reclassified from goodwill to other assets and million was reclassified from other current liabilities to construction payable on the consolidated balance sheet. These changes had no impact on total assets or total current liabilities reported in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 Further, for the year ended December 31, 2021 was reclassified from General and Administrative to Stock-based compensation within the Operating expenses section of the consolidated statement of operations. This change had no impact on total operating expenses reported in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 per share (" Alignment Shares "), and derivative instruments. 
 58 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

See Note 8, "Variable Interest Entities." 
 Current portion of restricted cash Restricted cash, noncurrent portion Total 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company determined that the allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable was million and million, respectively. 
 The Company had one customer that individually accounted for of total accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022. The Company had one customer that individually accounted for of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 59 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

and of total accounts receivable as of December 31, 2021. The Company had one customer that individually accounted for of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Economic Concentrations 
 The Company and its subsidiaries own and operate solar generating facilities installed on buildings and land located across the United States. Future operations could be affected by changes in the economy, other conditions in those geographic areas or by changes in the demand for renewable energy. 
 60 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

- years based upon the term of the individual site leases. Third party costs necessary to acquire PPAs and NMCA customers are amortized using the straight-line method ratably over - years based upon the term of the customer contract. Estimated fair value allocated to the favorable and unfavorable rate PPAs and REC agreements are amortized using the straight-line method over the remaining non-cancelable terms of the respective agreements. The straight-line method of amortization is used because it best reflects the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangibles are consumed or otherwise used up. The amounts and useful lives assigned to intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed impact the amount and timing of future amortization. See Note 6, "Intangible Assets and Intangible Liabilities." 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no events or changes to circumstances that may indicate the carrying value of long-lived asset would not be recoverable, therefore, there was impairment loss recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 61 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

See Note 18, "Asset Retirement Obligations." 
 years. The Company typically sells energy and related environmental attributes (e.g., SRECs) separately to different customers and considers the delivery of power energy under PPAs to represent a series of distinct goods that is substantially the same and has the same pattern of transfer measured by the output method. The Company applied the practical expedient allowing the Company to recognize revenue in the amount that the Company has a right to invoice which is equal to the volume of energy delivered multiplied by the applicable contract rate. There was no change in the Company s revenue recognition policy for PPAs as a result of adopting ASC 606. For certain of the 
 62 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

years as of December 31, 2022. Net metering credits are awarded to the Company by the local utility based on kilowatt hour generation by solar energy facilities, and the amount of each credit is determined by the utility s applicable tariff. The Company currently receives net metering credits from various utilities including Eversource Energy, National Grid Plc, and Xcel Energy. There are direct costs associated with net metering credits, and therefore, they do not receive an allocation of costs upon generation. Once awarded, these credits are then sold to third party offtakers pursuant to the terms of the offtaker agreements. The Company views each net metering credit in these arrangements as a distinct performance obligation satisfied at a point in time. Generally, the customer obtains control of net metering credits at the point in time when the utility assigns the generated credits to the Company, who directs the utility to allocate to the customer based upon a schedule. The transfer of credits by the Company to the customer can be up to one month after the underlying power is generated. As a result, revenue related to NMCA is recognized upon delivery of net metering credits by the Company to the customer. The Company s customers apply net metering credits as a reduction to their utility bills. There was no change in the revenue recognition policy for net metering credits as a result of adopting ASC 606. 
 Solar renewable energy credit revenue 
 The Company applies for and receives SRECs in certain jurisdictions for power generated by solar energy systems it owns. The quantity of SRECs is based on the amount of energy produced by the Company s qualifying generation facilities. SRECs are sold pursuant to agreements with third parties, who typically require SRECs to comply with state-imposed renewable portfolio standards. Holders of SRECs may benefit from registering the credits in their name to comply with these state-imposed requirements, or from selling SRECs to a party that requires additional SRECs to meet its compliance obligations. The Company receives SRECs from various state regulators including: New Jersey Board of Public Utilities, Massachusetts Department of Energy Resources, and Maryland Public Service Commission. There are no direct costs associated with SRECs, and therefore, they do not receive an allocation of costs upon generation. Generally, individual SREC sales reflect a fixed quantity and fixed price structure over a specified term. The contracts related to SREC sales with a fixed price and quantity have maturity dates ranging from 2023 to 2031. The Company typically sells SRECs to different customers from those purchasing the energy under PPAs. The Company believes the sale of each SREC is a distinct performance obligation satisfied at a point in time and that the performance obligation related to each SREC is satisfied when each SREC is delivered to the customer. 
 Power sales on wholesale markets 
 Sales of power on wholesale electricity market are recognized in revenue upon delivery. 
 Rental income 
 
 A portion of the Company s energy revenue is derived from long-term PPAs accounted for as operating leases under ASC 842. Rental income under these lease agreements is recorded as revenue when the electricity is delivered to the customer. 
 
 Performance based incentives 
 Many state governments, utilities, municipal utilities and co-operative utilities offer a rebate or other cash incentive for the installation and operation of a renewable energy facility. Up-front rebates provide funds based on the cost, size or expected production of a renewable energy facility. Performance based incentives provide cash payments to a system owner based on the energy generated by their renewable energy facility during a pre-determined period, and they are paid over that time period. The Company recognizes revenue from state and utility incentives at the point in time in which they are earned. 
 Cost of Operations (Exclusive of Depreciation and Amortization) 
 Cost of operations primarily consists of operations and maintenance expense, site lease expense, insurance premiums, property taxes and other miscellaneous costs associated with the operations of solar energy facilities. Costs are charged to expense as incurred. 
 63 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

See Note 17, "Earnings per Share." 
 64 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

See Note 13, "Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest." 
 million and lease liabilities of million on the consolidated balance sheets. See Note 14, "Leases," for additional details. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , and has since released various amendments including ASU No. 2019-04 . The new standard generally applies to financial assets and requires those assets to be reported at the amount expected to be realized. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this ASU is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's financial position or results of operations. 
 
 3. 
 shares of the Company's Class A common stock. Class A common stock issued in respect of Altus Restricted Shares are subject to the same vesting restrictions as in effect immediately prior to the merger with First Merger Sub (refer to Note 19, "Stock-based Compensation"). 
 Upon the closing of the Merger, the Company's certificate of incorporation was amended and restated to, among other things, authorize the issuance of shares of common stock, par value per share, including shares of 
 65 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

shares of Class B common stock, as well as shares of preferred stock, par value per share. 
 Contemporaneously with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, certain accredited investors, who we refer to as the PIPE Investors , including the Sponsor and certain of our directors and officers, entered into subscription agreements, which we refer to as the PIPE Subscription Agreements , pursuant to which the PIPE Investors purchased shares of Class A common stock, which we refer to as the PIPE Shares , at a purchase price per share of and an aggregate purchase price of million, which we refer to as the PIPE Investment . Pursuant to its PIPE Subscription Agreement, the Sponsor purchased shares of Class A common stock in an aggregate amount of million. 
 Cash - PIPE Non-cash net liabilities assumed from CBAH ) CBAH's deferred tax assets as of the Merger Less: Fair value of assumed redeemable warrants Less: Fair value of assumed Alignment Shares Less: transaction costs and advisory fees Net the Merger Less: non-cash net liabilities assumed from CBAH ) Less: CBAH's deferred tax assets as of the Merger Add: non-cash fair value of assumed redeemable warrants Add: non-cash fair value of assumed Alignment Shares Add: accrued transaction costs and advisor fees Net contributions from the Merger and PIPE financing 
 
 The number of shares of Class A common stock issued immediately following the consummation of the Merger was as follows: 
 Shares Common stock, outstanding prior to the Merger Less: redemption of CBAH's shares ) Common stock of CBAH Shares issued in PIPE financing The Merger and PIPE Financing shares - Class A common stock Legacy Altus shares - Class A common stock (1) 
 Total shares of common stock immediately after the Merger and PIPE financing 
 (1) The number of Legacy Altus shares was determined from the shares of Legacy Altus common stock outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger converted at the Exchange Ratio of . All fractional shares were rounded down. 

4. 
 
 66 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

Power sales under NMCAs Power sales on wholesale markets Total revenue from power sales Solar renewable energy credit revenue Rental income Performance based incentives Total 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 Power sales under NMCAs Power sales on wholesale markets Total power sales Solar renewable energy credits Rental income Performance based incentives Total 
 Payment is typically received within 30 days for invoiced revenue under PPAs and NMCAs. Receipt of payment relative to invoice date varies by customer for SRECs. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had short-term and long-term contract liabilities of million and million, respectively, associated with prepaid solar renewable energy credits. As of December 31, 2022, the short-term portion of contract liabilities is recorded within other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. The Company did have significant contract asset or liability balances related to revenues as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 5. 
 Solar energy facilities - 
 Battery energy storage system Site work Leasehold improvements - 
 Vehicles and other equipment - 
 Construction in progress Property, plant and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, depreciation expense was million and million, respectively, and is recorded in depreciation, amortization and accretion expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 67 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

million. As of that date, the carrying amount of the land was million. The Company recognized a million gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 On November 19, 2021, the Company sold of its membership interests in JO RI Solar, LLC, a subsidiary of the Company which owns and operates a solar energy facility located in Rhode Island with a nameplate capacity of MW, for cash consideration of million (the " Johnston Disposal "). As of that date, the carrying amount of the net assets and liabilities of JO RI Solar, LLC, which primarily consisted of the solar energy facility, was million. As a result of the transaction, the Company recognized a gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment of million in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

6. 
 years In-place lease contracts years Favorable rate revenue contracts years Favorable operation and maintenance contracts years Software in development N/A Other years Total intangible assets Accumulated amortization: Customer acquisition costs ) ) In-place lease contracts ) ) Favorable rate revenue contracts ) ) Favorable operation and maintenance contracts ) ) Total accumulated amortization ) ) Total intangible assets, net 
 
 years Accumulated amortization: Unfavorable rate revenue contracts ) ) Total intangible liabilities, net 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, amortization expense was million and million, respectively, and was recorded in depreciation, amortization and accretion expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, amortization benefit was million and million, respectively, and was recorded in depreciation, amortization and accretion expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 68 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

In-place lease contracts Customer acquisition costs Favorable operation and maintenance contracts Unfavorable rate revenue contracts ) ) ) ) ) Total net amortization expense 

7. 
 MW solar energy facility located in New Jersey (the " Stellar NJ Acquisition ") from a third party for a total purchase price of million. The transaction was accounted for as an acquisition of assets, whereby the Company acquired million of property, plant and equipment and assumed million of intangible liabilities and million of construction payable. The intangible liability assumed is associated with an unfavorable rate power purchase agreement and has a weighted average amortization period of years. 
 Stellar HI 2 Acquisition 
 On June 10, 2022, the Company acquired a MW portfolio of solar energy facilities located in Hawaii (the " Stellar HI 2 Acquisition ") from a third party for a total purchase price of million, including million of transaction related costs. This transaction was accounted for as an acquisition of assets, whereby the Company acquired million of property, plant and equipment, million of intangible assets, and million of operating lease assets, and assumed million of intangible liabilities and million of asset retirement obligations. 
 The Company attributed intangible asset and liability values to favorable and unfavorable rate revenue contracts to sell power generated by the acquired solar energy facilities, as well as a favorable rate lease. 
 years Unfavorable rate revenue contracts ) years 
 Stellar NJ 2 Acquisition 
 On August 29, 2022, the Company acquired an MW portfolio of solar energy facilities located in New Jersey (the " Stellar NJ 2 Acquisition ") from a third party for a total purchase price of million, including million to be paid over the next two years and million of transaction related costs. Four of the acquired solar energy facilities in the transaction were accounted for as an acquisition of assets, and one solar energy facility was accounted for as an acquisition of a variable interest entity that does not constitute a business, refer to Note 8, "Variable Interest Entities." The Company acquired million of property, plant and equipment, million of accounts receivable, and million of cash, and assumed million of long-term debt, million of intangible liabilities, million of asset retirement obligations, and million of noncontrolling interests associated with the acquired variable interest entity. The intangible liabilities assumed are associated with unfavorable rate power purchase agreements and have a weighted average amortization period of years. 
 Acquisition of DESRI II DESRI V 
 On November 11, 2022, APA Finance II, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, acquired a MW portfolio of solar energy facilities operating across eight US states. The portfolio was acquired from D.E. Shaw Renewables Investments L.L.C. (" DESRI ") for total consideration of million (" DESRI Acquisition "). The DESRI Acquisition was made pursuant to membership interest purchase agreements (the " MIPAs ") dated September 26, 2022, and entered into by the Company to grow its portfolio of solar energy facilities. Pursuant to the MIPAs, the Company acquired ownership interest in holding entities that own the acquired solar energy facilities. The Company accounted for the DESRI Acquisition under the 
 69 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

Derivative assets Other assets 
 Property, plant and equipment 
 Operating lease asset Intangible assets 
 Total assets acquired 
 Liabilities Accounts payable 
 Accrued liabilities 
 Long-term debt 
 Intangible liabilities 
 Operating lease liability Contract liability (1) 
 Asset retirement obligation 
 Total liabilities assumed 
 Non-controlling interests 
 Total fair value of consideration transferred, net of cash acquired 
 
 Fair value of purchase price payable (2) 
 Working capital adjustment ) Total fair value of consideration transferred 
 Cash acquired 
 Restricted cash acquired 
 Total fair value of consideration transferred, net of cash acquired 
 
 (1) Acquired contract liabilities related to long-term agreements to sell renewable energy credits that were fully prepaid by the customer prior to the acquisition date. The Company will recognize revenue associated with the contract liabilities as renewable energy credits are delivered to the customer through December 31, 2028. 
 (2) Purchase price outstanding as of December 31, 2022 is payable in three installments in two, twelve and eighteen months following the acquisition date, subject to the accuracy of general representations and warranty provisions included in MIPAs. 
 70 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

million in acquisition related costs related to the DESRI Acquisition, which are recorded as part of Acquisition and entity formation costs in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The impact of the DESRI Acquisition on the Company's revenue and net income in the consolidated statement of operations was an increase of million and a decrease of million for the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively. 
 Intangibles at Acquisition Date 
 The Company attributed the intangible asset and liability values to favorable and unfavorable rate revenue contracts to sell power. 
 years Unfavorable rate revenue contracts PPA ) years 
 Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Results of Operations 
 The following unaudited pro forma combined results of operations give effect to the DESRI Acquisition as if it had occurred on January 1, 2021. The unaudited pro forma combined results of operations are provided for informational purposes only and do not purport to represent the Company s actual consolidated results of operations had the DESRI Acquisition occurred on the date assumed, nor are these financial statements necessarily indicative of the Company s future consolidated results of operations. 
 Net income 
 
 2021 Acquisitions 
 Acquisition of Gridley 
 On January 14, 2021, the Company acquired a portfolio of solar energy facilities (the Gridley Acquisition located in California with a combined nameplate capacity of MW from a third party for a total purchase price of million, including million of transaction related costs. This transaction was accounted for as an acquisition of assets, whereby the Company acquired million of property, plant and equipment and assumed million of other liabilities. 
 Acquisition of Stellar CNI 
 On July 29, 2021, the Company acquired a portfolio of solar energy facilities located in Connecticut, Iowa and New York (the Stellar CNI Acquisition with a combined nameplate capacity of MW from a third party for a total purchase price of million, including million of transaction related costs. As of December 31, 2021, million of total consideration remained payable to the seller and was included in purchase price payables on the consolidated balance sheet. This transaction was accounted for as an acquisition of assets, whereby the Company acquired million of property, plant and equipment and assumed million of asset retirement obligations. 
 Acquisition of TrueGreen 
 On August 25, 2021, APA Finance, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, acquired a MW portfolio of twenty solar energy facilities operating across seven U.S. states. The portfolio was acquired from private equity funds managed by True Green Capital Management, LLC for total consideration of million TrueGreen Acquisition ). The TrueGreen Acquisition was made pursuant to a purchase and sale agreement (the PSA dated August 25, 2021, entered into by the Company to grow its portfolio of solar energy facilities. Pursuant to the PSA, the Company acquired ownership interest in a holding entity that owns solar energy facilities. The Company accounted for the TrueGreen Acquisition under the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations. Under the acquisition method, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed on August 25, 2021, were recognized generally based on their estimated fair values. All fair value measurements of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including the non-controlling interests, were based on significant estimates and assumptions, including 
 71 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

million. The decrease was primarily due to an increase in Property, plant and equipment and Intangible assets by million and million, respectively, due to the clarification of information utilized to determine fair value during the measurement period. Additionally, the Company recorded a measurement period adjustment of million to reduce the fair value of consideration transferred as a result of reconciling working capital adjustment and escrow accounts with the seller. 
 Other assets 
 Property, plant and equipment 
 Intangible assets 
 Total assets acquired 
 Liabilities Accounts payable 
 ) Long-term debt 
 
 Intangible liabilities 
 ) Asset retirement obligation 
 Other liabilities 
 Total liabilities assumed 
 Non-controlling interests (1) 
 Goodwill 
 ) Total fair value of consideration transferred, net of cash acquired 
 ) 
 
 Cash consideration paid to settle debt and interest rate swaps on behalf of the seller 
 Cash in escrow accounts 
 ) Purchase price payable (2) 
 ) Total fair value of consideration transferred 
 
 ) Cash acquired 
 Restricted cash acquired 
 Total fair value of consideration transferred, net of cash acquired 
 ) 
 
 (1) T he fair value of the non-controlling interests was determined using an income approach representing the best indicator of fair value and was supporte d by a discounted cash flow technique. 
 
 The Company incurred approximately million in acquisition costs related to the TrueGreen Acquisition, which are recorded as part of Acquisition and entity formation costs in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 72 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

million and increase of million for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Intangibles at Acquisition Date 
 The Company attributed the intangible asset and liability values to favorable and unfavorable rate revenue contracts to sell power and SRECs generated by acquired solar generating facilities as well as to O M contracts and leases. 
 years Favorable rate revenue contracts SREC years Favorable O M contracts years In-place lease contract years Unfavorable rate revenue contracts PPA ) years Unfavorable rate revenue contracts SREC ) years 
 Upon the adoption of ASC 842 on January 1, 2022, as discussed in Note 2, "Significant Accounting Policies," the intangible asset associated with the in-place lease contract was derecognized and included in the calculation of operating lease asset. 
 Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Results of Operations 
 The following unaudited pro forma combined results of operations give effect to the TrueGreen Acquisition as if it had occurred on January 1, 2020. The unaudited pro forma combined results of operations are provided for informational purposes only and do not purport to represent the Company s actual consolidated results of operations had the TrueGreen Acquisition occurred on the date assumed, nor are these financial statements necessarily indicative of the Company s future consolidated results of operations. 
 Net income 
 Acquisition of Beaver Run 
 On October 22, 2021, APA Finance, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, acquired a solar energy facility located in New Jersey (the Beaver Run Acquisition with a nameplate capacity of MW from a third party for a total purchase price of million. This transaction was accounted for as an acquisition of assets, whereby the Company acquired million of property, plant and equipment, million of other assets, and assumed million of asset retirement obligations. 
 Acquisition of Stellar HI 
 On October 28, 2021, the Company acquired a MW portfolio of solar projects and a MW battery energy storage system located in Hawaii (the " Stellar HI Acquisition ") from a third party for a total purchase price of million. The Company accounted for the Stellar HI Acquisition under the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations. Under the acquisition method, the purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values, which equaled the consideration paid. Of the total purchase price, million was allocated to property, plant and equipment, million to cash, million to restricted cash, million to accounts receivable, million to financing lease obligations, million to intangible liabilities, and million to asset retirement obligations. The purchase accounting for the Stellar HI Acquisition was finalized as of December 31, 2021. 
 The Company incurred approximately million in acquisition costs related to the Stellar HI Acquisition, which are recorded as part of Acquisition and entity formation costs in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The Company attributed the intangible liability values to unfavorable rate revenue contracts to sell power generated by acquired solar generating facilities. As of the acquisition date, estimated fair values and the weighted average amortization period of the assumed intangible liabilities were million and years, respectively. 
 73 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

million and for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Results of Operations 
 The following unaudited pro forma combined results of operations give effect to the Stellar HI Acquisition as if it had occurred on January 1, 2020. The unaudited pro forma combined results of operations are provided for informational purposes only and do not purport to represent the Company s actual consolidated results of operations had the Stellar HI Acquisition occurred on the date assumed, nor are these financial statements necessarily indicative of the Company s future consolidated results of operations. 
 Net income (loss) ) 
 Acquisition of Landmark 
 On December 31, 2021, the Company acquired a solar energy facility located in Illinois (the " Landmark Acquisition ") with a nameplate capacity of MW from a third party for a total purchase price of million. The transaction was accounted for as an acquisition of a variable interest entity that did not meet the definition of a business, therefore the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their fair values, which equaled the consideration paid. Of the total purchase price, million was allocated to property, plant and equipment, million to other assets, million to asset retirement obligations, and million to redeemable non-controlling interest. 

8. 
 Non-current assets Total assets Current liabilities Non-current liabilities Total liabilities 
 74 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

and VIEs, respectively. No VIEs were deemed significant as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 MW solar generating facility. The Company acquired a controlling financial interest by entering into an asset management agreement which provides the Company with the power to direct the operating activities of the VIE and the obligation to absorb losses or receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The asset management agreement also includes a call and put option to acquire the equity interest in June 2023 and January 2024, respectively. As a result of this acquisition, the Company recognized property, plant and equipment of million, intangible liability million, and noncontrolling interest of million in the consolidated balance sheet. 

9. 
 Fixed APAF II Term Loan Floating SOFR + 
 Construction loans Floating Other term loans Fixed and floating Financing obligations recognized in failed sale leaseback transactions Imputed Total principal due for long-term debt Unamortized discounts and premiums ) ) Unamortized deferred financing costs ) ) Less: current portion of long-term debt Long-term debt, less current portion 
 Amended Rated Term Loan 
 As part of the Blackstone Credit Facility, APA Finance, LLC APAF ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a million term loan facility with Blackstone Insurance Solutions (" BIS ") through a consortium of lenders, which consists of investment grade-rated Class A and Class B notes (the " Rated Term Loan "). 
 On August 25, 2021, APAF entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with BIS to refinance the Rated Term Loan (the Amended Rated Term Loan ). The Amended Rated Term Loan added million to the facility, bringing the aggregate facility to million. The Amended Rated Term Loan has a weighted average annual fixed rate, reduced from the previous weighted average rate of , and matures on February 29, 2056 Final Maturity Date ). 
 The Amended Rated Term Loan amortizes at a rate of of initial outstanding principal per annum for a period of years at which point the amortization steps up to per annum until September 30, 2031 Anticipated Repayment Date ). After the Anticipated Repayment Date, the loan becomes fully-amortizing, and all available cash is used to pay down principal until the Final Maturity Date. The Amended Rated Term Loan is secured by the membership interests in the Company's subsidiaries. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of the Amended Rated Term Loan was million, less unamortized debt discount and loan issuance costs totaling million. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding principal balance of the Rated Term Loan was million, less unamortized debt discount and loan issuance costs totaling million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants. As of December 31, 2021, the Company was in compliance with all covenants, except the delivery of the APAF audited consolidated financial statements, for which the 
 75 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

million and a fair value discount of million (the " DESRI Loans "). From November 11, 2022 (the date of the DESRI Acquisition) to December 23, 2022 (the date the loans were repaid, as discussed below), the Company incurred interest costs of million associated with the DESRI Loans. 
 On December 23, 2022, APA Finance II, LLC APAF II ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a million term loan facility (the APAF II Term Loan with KeyBank National Association (" KeyBank ") and The Huntington Bank as lenders. The proceeds of the APAF II Term Loan were used to repay the outstanding amounts under the DESRI Loans. The APAF II Term Loan matures on December 23, 2027, and has a variable interest rate based on SOFR plus a spread of . Simultaneously with entering into the Term Loan, the Company entered into interest rate swaps for 100 of the amount of debt outstanding, which effectively fixed the interest rate at (see Note 10, "Fair Value Measurements," for further details). The Company incurred million of issuance costs related to the APAF II Term Loan, which have been deferred and recorded as a reduction to the outstanding principal balance and are amortized as interest expense on a straight-line basis until the loan's maturity date. 
 The repayment of the DESRI Loans was accounted for as a debt extinguishment. As a result, the Company recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of million in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of the APAF II Term Loan was million, less unamortized debt issuance costs of million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants. 
 Construction Loan to Term Loan Facility 
 On January 10, 2020, APA Construction Finance, LLC APACF a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a credit agreement with Fifth Third Bank, National Association and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch to fund the development and construction of future solar facilities Construction Loan to Term Loan Facility ). The Construction Loan to Term Loan Facility includes a construction loan commitment of million, which can be drawn until January 10, 2023. 
 The construction loan commitment can convert to a term loan upon commercial operation of a particular solar energy facility. In addition, the Construction Loan to Term Loan Facility accrued a commitment fee at a rate equal to per year of the daily unused amount of the commitment. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balances of the construction loan and term loan were and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding principal balances of the construction loan and term loan were million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had an unused borrowing capacity of million and million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred interest costs associated with outstanding construction loans totaling and million, respectively, which were capitalized as part of property, plant and equipment. Outstanding amounts under the Construction to Term Loan Facility are secured by a first priority security interest in all of the property owned by APACF and each of its project companies, including all of the solar energy facility assets under construction a first priority security interest in all of the property owned by APACF and each of its project companies, including all of the solar energy facility assets under construction. The Construction Loan to Term Loan includes various financial and other covenants for APACF and the Company, as guarantor. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company was in compliance with all covenants. 
 Project-Level Term Loan 
 In conjunction with the Stellar NJ 2 Acquisition, the Company assumed a project-level term loan with an outstanding principal balance of million and a fair value discount of million. The term loan is subject to scheduled semi-annual amortization and interest payments, and matures on September 1, 2029. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of the term loan is million, less unamortized debt discount of million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred interest costs associated with the term loan of million. 
 The term loan is secured by an interest in the underlying solar project assets and the revenues generated by those assets. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants. 
 APAG Revolver 
 On December 19, 2022, APA Generation, LLC APAG ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into revolving credit facility with Citibank, N.A. with a total committed capacity of million (the " APAG Revolver "). Outstanding amounts 
 76 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

Fifth Third Bank CIT Bank, N.A. KeyBank and The Huntington Bank Citibank, N.A. Total 
 Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding surety bonds of million. 
 To the extent liabilities are incurred as a result of the activities covered by the letters of credit or surety bonds, such liabilities are included on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. From time to time, the Company is required to post financial assurances to satisfy contractual and other requirements generated in the normal course of business. Some of these assurances are posted to comply with federal, state or other government agencies statutes and regulations. The Company sometimes uses letters of credit to satisfy these requirements and these letters of credit reduce the Company s borrowing facility capacity. 
 Financing Obligations Recognized in Failed Sale Leaseback Transactions 
 From time to time, the Company sells equipment to third parties and enters into master lease agreements to lease the equipment back for an agreed-upon term. The Company has assessed these arrangements and determined that the transfer of assets should not be accounted for as a sale in accordance with ASC 842. Therefore, the Company accounts for these transactions using the financing method by recognizing the consideration received as a financing obligation, with the assets subject to the transaction remaining on the balance sheet of the Company and depreciated based on the Company's normal depreciation policy. The aggregate proceeds have been recorded as long-term debt within the consolidated balance sheets. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company's recorded financing obligations were million, net of million of deferred transaction costs, and million, net of million of deferred transactions costs, respectively. Payments of million and million were made under the financing obligation for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest expense, inclusive of the amortization of deferred transaction costs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was million and million, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

The difference between the outstanding financing obligation of million and million of contractual payments due, including the residual value guarantee, is due to million of investment tax credits claimed by the Counterparty, less million of the implied interest on financing obligation included in the contractual payments. The remaining difference is due to million of interest accrued and a million difference between the required contractual payments and the fair value of financing obligations acquired. 
 77 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total principal payments 

10. 
 Derivative assets: Interest rate swaps Total assets at fair value Liabilities Alignment Shares liability Other long-term liabilities: Contingent consideration liability Total liabilities at fair value 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Liabilities Redeemable warrant liability Alignment Shares liability Other long-term liabilities: Contingent consideration liability Total liabilities at fair value 
 Long-term debt 
 The estimated fair value of the long-term debt, including current portion, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively, using a discounted cash flow analysis of both outstanding principal and future interest payments until such time the Company has the ability to repay the loan. The long-term debt is considered a Level 2 financial liability under the fair value hierarchy. 
 78 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

warrants as part of the SAIL SM (Stakeholder Aligned Initial Listing) securities in the CBAH initial public offering (which traded separately on the NYSE under the symbol CBAH WS prior to the Merger, and following the Merger trade under the symbol AMPS WS (such warrants, the " Redeemable Warrants "). The Redeemable Warrants were exercisable for an aggregate of shares of the Company's Class A common stock, par value per share (the " Class A common stock "), at a purchase price of per share. CBAH also issued warrants to CBRE Acquisition Sponsor, LLC (the Sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of the CBAH IPO and warrants to the Sponsor in full settlement of a second amended and restated promissory note with the Sponsor (such warrants, the " Private Placement Warrants "). The Private Placement Warrants were exercisable for an aggregate of shares of CBAH Class A common stock at a purchase price of per share. 
 Redeemable warrants, including Private Placement Warrants, were not considered to be indexed to the Company s own stock. This provision precludes the Company from classifying the Redeemable warrants, including Private Placement Warrants, in stockholders equity. As the Redeemable warrants, including Private Placement Warrants, meet the definition of a derivative, the Company recorded these warrants as liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet at fair value, with subsequent changes in their respective fair values recognized in the consolidated statements of operations at each reporting date. As the inputs were observable and reflected quoted trading price, the overall fair value measurement of the Redeemable Warrants, excluding Private Placement Warrants, is classified as Level 1. The Private Placement Warrants had the same redemption and make-whole provisions as the Redeemable Warrants. Therefore, the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants was equal to the Redeemable Warrants. Private Placement Warrants are considered Level 2 as they are measured at fair value using observable inputs for similar assets in an active market. 
 On May 31, 2022, June 15, 2022, and August 17, 2022, the Company entered into separate, privately negotiated warrant exchange agreements (the " Exchange Agreements ") with a limited number of holders of the Company's outstanding Redeemable Warrants. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreements, the Company agreed to issue an aggregate of shares of Class A common stock to the holders of Redeemable Warrants in exchange for the surrender and cancellation of an aggregate of Redeemable Warrants. The issuance by the Company of the shares of Common Stock in exchange for the surrender and cancellation of the Redeemable Warrants was made in reliance on the exemption from registration in Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act. Immediately prior to the exchange, the Redeemable Warrants were remeasured to fair value based on the trading price of the exchanged shares of common stock, resulting in a gain on fair value remeasurement of million within operating income in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, and a redeemable warrant liability of million, which was then reclassified to additional paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 On September 15, 2022, the Company issued a notice for redemption of all of the Company's outstanding Redeemable Warrants at 5:00 p.m. New York City time on October 17, 2022 (the Redemption Date for a redemption price of per Warrant (the Redemption Price ). Holders could elect to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis and surrender the Redeemable Warrants for that number of shares of Class A Common Stock that is determined by reference to the table set forth in Section 6.2 of the Warrant Agreement based on the Redemption Date and the Redemption Fair Market Value of . Given the Redemption Fair Market Value and the Redemption Date, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued for each Redeemable Warrant that is exercised through a cashless exercise is . 
 As of the Redemption Date, holders of Redeemable Warrants exercised their Redeemable Warrants with the payment of cash and the Company received of cash proceeds. Holders of Redeemable Warrants exercised their Redeemable Warrants on a cashless basis in exchange for shares of Class A Common Stock per Redeemable Warrants. A total of Warrants remained unexercised as of the Redemption Date, and the Company redeemed those Warrants for an aggregate redemption price of . Immediately prior to the exercise and redemption, the Redeemable Warrants were remeasured to fair value based on the trading price of the exchanged shares of common stock, resulting in a loss on fair value remeasurement of million in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, and a redeemable warrant liability of million, which was then reclassified to additional paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Redeemable Warrants have been delisted from the NYSE, and there are no Redeemable Warrants left outstanding subsequent to the Redemption Date. 
 79 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

Warrants exercised ) ) Exchange of warrants into common stock ) ) Forfeiture of fractional warrants ) Warrants redeemed ) ) Fair value remeasurement Redeemable warrants, ending balance 
 Alignment Shares Liability 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has Alignment Shares outstanding, all of which are held by the Sponsor, certain former officers of CBAH (such officers, together with the Sponsor, the Sponsor Parties and former CBAH directors. The Alignment Shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock based upon the Total Return (as defined in Exhibit 4.4 to our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K) on the Class A common stock as of the relevant measurement date over each of the seven fiscal years following the Merger. 
 Upon the consummation of the Merger, Alignment Shares have no continuing service requirement and do not create an unconditional obligation requiring the Company to redeem the instruments by transferring assets. In addition, the shares convert to a variable number of Class A common stock depending on the trading price of the Class A common stock and dividends paid/payable to the holders of Class A common stock. Therefore, the shares do not represent an obligation or a conditional obligation to issue a variable number of shares with a monetary value based on any of the criteria in ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities From Equity. The Company determined that the Alignment Shares meet the definition of a derivative because they contain (i) an underlying (Class A common stock price), (ii) a notional amount (a fixed number of Class B common stock), (iii) no or minimal initial net investment (the Sponsor paid a de minimis amount which is less than the estimated fair value of the shares), and (iv) net settleable through a conversion of the Alignment Shares into Class A shares. As such, the Company concluded that the Alignment Shares meet the definition of a derivative, which will be presented at fair value each reporting period, with changes in fair value recorded through earnings. 
 The Company estimates the fair value of outstanding Alignment Shares using a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model utilizing a distribution of potential outcomes based on a set of underlying assumptions such as stock price, volatility, and risk-free interest rate. As volatility of and risk-free interest rate of are not observable inputs, the overall fair value measurement of Alignment Shares is classified as Level 3. Unobservable inputs can be volatile and a change in those inputs might result in a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement of Alignment Shares. 
 Alignment Shares assumed upon the Merger Alignment Shares converted ) ) Fair value remeasurement ) ) Ending balance 
 Interest Rate Swaps 
 The Company s derivative instruments consist of interest rate swaps that are not designated as cash flow hedges or fair value hedges under accounting guidance. The Company uses interest rate swaps to manage its net exposure to interest rate changes. These instruments are custom, over-the-counter contracts with various bank counterparties that are not traded on an active market but valued using readily observable market inputs and the overall fair value measurement is classified as Level 2. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the notional amounts were million and million respectively. The change in fair value of interest rate swaps resulted in a gain of million, which was recorded as interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. The change in fair value of interest rate swaps for the year ended December 31, 2021 was not material. 
 Contingent Consideration 
 Solar Acquisition 
 80 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

solar energy facilities with a combined nameplate capacity of MW on December 22, 2020 (the " Solar Acquisition "), contingent consideration of million may be payable upon achieving certain market power rates and million upon achieving certain power volumes generated by the acquired solar energy facilities. The Company estimated the fair value of the contingent consideration for future earnout payments using a Monte Carlo simulation model. Significant assumptions used in the measurement include the estimated volumes of power generation of acquired solar energy facilities during the 18-36-month period since the acquisition date, market power rates during the 36-month period, and the risk-adjusted discount rate associated with the business. As the inputs are not observable, the overall fair value measurement of the contingent consideration is classified as Level 3. Liability for the contingent consideration associated with production volumes expired on June 30, 2022 and the Company remeasured its fair value to zero with million gain on fair value remeasurement recognized in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 . Liability for the contingent consideration associated with power rates is included in other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets at the estimated fair value of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company recorded a loss on fair value remeasurement of contingent consideration associated with power rates of million within operating income in the consolidated statements of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded million and million gain on fair value remeasurement of contingent consideration associated with power rates and production volumes, respectively, in the consolidated statements of operations. Gain and loss was recorded due to changes in significant assumptions used in the measurement, including the actual versus estimated volumes of power generation of acquired solar energy facilities and market power rates. 
 Other 
 Gain on fair value remeasurement of other contingent consideration of million was recorded within operating income in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 . gain or loss on fair value remeasurement of contingent consideration was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 11. 
 and of Class A common stock, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, authorized and outstanding common stock of and shares, respectively. Class A common stock entitles the holder to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders. Common stockholders are entitled to receive dividends, as may be declared by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, common stock dividends have been declared. 
 As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 , the Company had and authorized and issued shares of Class B common stock, respectively, also referred to as Alignment Shares. Refer to Note 10, "Fair Value Measurements," for further details. 
 
 12. 
 million and million, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid million of dividends, of which million related to the dividends accrued as of December 31, 2020, and million of commitment fees, of which million were accrued as of December 31, 2020. respectively. As of December 31, 2021, all Series A preferred stock, including accrued dividends and commitment fees, were redeemed. 
 Preferred stock of Altus Power Inc. 
 of preferred stock but as of December 31, 2022, stock was issued. 
 
 81 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

13. 
 Cash contributions Cash distributions ) ) Assumed noncontrolling interest through business combination Redemption of redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Redeemable noncontrolling interest, ending balance 

14. 
 million and operating lease liabilities of million as of January 1, 2022. 
 The Company elected the package of practical expedients for leases existing prior to the adoption date. The Company did not reassess whether existing contracts are or contain leases, leases retained their historical lease classification and initial direct costs were not reassessed for capitalization under the new standard. Operating lease assets and liabilities were recognized based on the present value of minimum rental payments under ASC 840 over the remaining lease term as of the adoption date. 
 At the inception of a contractual arrangement, the Company determines whether it contains a lease by assessing whether there is an identified asset and whether the contract conveys the right to control the use of the identified asset in exchange for consideration over a period of time. If both criteria are met, the Company calculates the associated lease liability and corresponding right-of-use asset upon lease commencement. The Company's leases include various renewal options which are included in the lease term when the Company has determined it is reasonably certain of exercising the options based on consideration of all relevant factors that create an economic incentive for the Company as lessee. Operating lease assets and liabilities are recognized based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term using an appropriate discount rate. Right-of-use assets include any lease payments made at or before lease commencement and any initial direct costs incurred and exclude any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets also include an adjustment to reflect favorable or unfavorable terms of the lease when compared to market terms, when applicable. Certain leases include variable lease payments associated with production of the solar facility or other variable payments such as real estate taxes and common area maintenance. As the Company has elected not to separate lease and non-lease components for all classes of underlying assets, all variable costs associated with leases are expensed in the period incurred and presented and disclosed as variable lease expense. 
 The Company s lease agreements do not contain any residual value guarantees or restrictive financial covenants. The Company does not have any leases that have not yet commenced that create significant rights and obligations for the lessee. 
 The discount rate used is the rate that the Company would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term for an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. At the lease commencement date, the Company s incremental borrowing rate is used as the discount rate. Discount rates are reassessed when there is a new lease or a modification to an existing lease. 
 The Company records operating lease liabilities within current liabilities or long-term liabilities based upon the length of time associated with the lease payments. The Company records its operating lease right-of-use assets as long-term assets. 
 
 82 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

Variable lease expense Total lease expense 
 Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term, years years Weighted average discount rate 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Less: Present value discount ) Lease liability 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total lease payments 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded site lease expenses under its lease agreements totaling million, which is recorded in cost of operations (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) in the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2021, million has been recorded as other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet relating to the difference between actual lease payments and straight-line lease expense. 

15. 
 , or years. The solar energy systems are monitored to ensure these outputs are achieved. The Company evaluates if any amounts are due to customers based upon not meeting the guaranteed solar energy production outputs 
 83 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

performance guarantee obligations. 
 Purchase Commitments 
 million of outstanding non-cancellable commitments to purchase solar modules, which are all expected to be completed during the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 16. 
 million due to related parties, as discussed below, and amounts due from related parties as of December 31, 2022. There were amounts due to or from related parties as of December 31, 2021. Additionally, in the normal course of business, the Company conducts transactions with affiliates, such as: 
 Blackstone Subsidiaries as Amended Rated Term Loan Lender 
 The Company incurs interest expense on the Amended Rated Term Loan. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the total related party interest expense on the Rated Term Loan was million and million, respectively, and is recorded as interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest payable of million and million, respectively, due under the Amended Rated Term Loan was recorded as interest payable on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 Commercial Collaboration Agreement with CBRE 
 In connection with the Merger, the Company and CBRE entered into a commercial collaboration agreement (the Commercial Collaboration Agreement effective upon the Merger, pursuant to which, among other things, CBRE will invite the Company to join CBRE s strategic supplier program and CBRE will promote the Company as its preferred clean energy renewable provider/partner, CBRE and the Company will create a business opportunity referral program with CBRE s brokers, CBRE will reasonably collaborate with the Company to develop and bring to market new products and/or bundles for Company s customers, the Company will consider in good faith inviting CBRE to become a solar tax equity partner for the Company, on a non-exclusive basis, on market terms to be mutually agreed and CBRE will provide, at no cost to the Company, reasonable access to data-driven research and insights prepared by CBRE (subject to certain exceptions). The Commercial Collaboration Agreement continues for a period of seven years, with automatic one-year renewal period, unless earlier terminated by either party in accordance with the terms set forth therein. 
 On December 9, 2022, the Company amended the Commercial Collaboration Agreement to update the business arrangement and associated fee approach, which provides that CBRE employees, including brokers, non-brokers and other employees who partnered with the Company to bring clean electrification solutions to CBRE s client base, who met certain minimum criteria Qualified Referral and who documented such Qualified Referral via an executed Development Agreement, would receive a development fee of between /watt to /watt depending on the business segment and teams of such CBRE employees. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred and paid million associated with the development of specific solar energy facilities and recorded them as part of property, plant, and equipment on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 Master Services Agreement with CBRE 
 On June 13, 2022, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into a Master Services Agreement ("MSA") with CBRE under which CBRE assists the Company in developing solar energy facilities. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred million for development services provided under the MSA which were accrued for as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 84 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

17. 
 Income attributable to participating securities (1) 
 ) ) Net income attributable to common stockholders - basic and diluted 
 Class A Common Stock Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - basic (2) 
 Dilutive RSUs Dilutive restricted stock Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - diluted Net income attributable to common stockholders per share - basic Net income attributable to common stockholders per share - diluted 
 
 (1) Represents the income attributable to and Alignment Shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the calculation of basic weighted average shares of common stock outstanding excludes and shares, respectively, of the Company's Class A common stock provided to holders of Legacy Altus common stock, including shares that were subject to vesting conditions. 

18. 
 
 Additional obligations incurred 
 Accretion expense Liabilities settled or disposed in the current year 
 ) Balance at end of year 

19. 
 million and million of stock-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million, respectively, of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested restricted units, which the Company expects to recognize over a weighted-average remaining period of approximately years. 
 Legacy Incentive Plans 
 Prior to the Merger, Altus maintained the APAM Holdings LLC Restricted Units Plan, adopted in 2015 (the APAM Plan and APAM Holdings LLC adopted the 2021 Profits Interest Incentive Plan (the Holdings Plan , and together with the APAM Plan, the Legacy Incentive Plans ), which provided for the grant of restricted units that were intended to qualify as profits interests to employees, officers, directors and consultants. In connection with the Merger, vested restricted units previously granted under the Legacy Incentive Plans were exchanged for shares of Class A Common Stock, and unvested Altus Restricted Shares under each of the Legacy Incentive Plans were exchanged for restricted Class A Common Stock with the same vesting conditions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and shares of Class A Common Stock were restricted under the APAM Plan, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and shares of Class A Common Stock were restricted under the Holdings Plan, respectively. No further awards will be made under the Legacy Incentive Plans. 
 85 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 
 of such RSUs also further subject to performance-based vesting, with respect to an aggregate five percent of the Company s Class A common stock on a fully diluted basis, excluding the then-outstanding shares of the Company s Class B common stock or any shares of the Company s Class A common stock into which such shares of the Company s Class B common stock are or may be convertible. Subject to continued employment on each applicable vesting date, the time-based RSUs generally vest 33 1/3 on each of the third, fourth and fifth anniversaries of the Closing, and the performance-based RSUs vest with respect to 33 1/3 of the award upon the achievement of the above time-based requirement and the achievement of a hurdle representing a annual compound annual growth rate measured based on an initial value of per share (i.e., on each of the third anniversary, the fourth anniversary, and the fifth anniversary of the date of grant, the stock price performance hurdle shall be , , , respectively). 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of the Company's Class A common stock authorized for issuance under the Incentive Plan, respectively. The number of shares authorized for issuance under the Incentive Plan will increase on January 1 of each year from 2023 to 2031 by the lesser of (i) of the number of shares outstanding as of the close of business on the immediately preceding December 31 and (ii) the number of shares determined by the Company's board of directors. The number of shares authorized for issuance under the Incentive Plan increased by of outstanding shares as described in the foregoing on January 1, 2022. 
 million of stock compensation expense in relation to the incentive plan and the following table summarizes the RSU activity: 
 Number of RSUs Outstanding Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share Balances as of December 31, 2021 
 RSUs granted RSUs forfeited ) Balances as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Fair value of performance-based RSUs was estimated using the Monte Carlo model utilizing a distribution of potential outcomes based on expected volatility of and risk-free interest rate of . 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 On December 9, 2021, we adopted the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (" ESPP "), which provides a means by which eligible employees may be given an opportunity to purchase shares of the Company s Class A common stock. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of the Company's Class A common stock authorized for issuance under the ESPP, respectively. The number of shares authorized for issuance under the ESPP will increase on January 1 of each year from 2023 to 2031 by the lesser of (i) of the number of shares outstanding as of the close of business on the immediately preceding December 31 and (ii) the number of shares determined by the Company's board of directors. For the year ended December 31, 2022, shares of the Company s Class A common stock were issued and stock-based compensation expense was recognized in relation to the ESPP. The number of shares authorized for issuance under the ESPP increased by of outstanding shares as described in the foregoing on January 1, 2022. 

20. 
 
 86 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

State ) Total current expense ) Deferred: Federal ) State Total deferred expense Income tax expense 
 
 Effect of noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests ) State tax, net of federal benefit ) State valuation allowance Transaction costs related to the Merger ) ) Transaction costs related to the Merger (return to provision) ) Effect of tax credits ) ) Stock Based Compensation Change in fair value of redeemable warrant and Alignment Shares liability ) ) Other ) Income tax expense Effective income tax rate 
 87 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

Intangible liabilities Deferred financing costs Tax credits Operating lease liability Asset retirement obligation Stock-based compensation Sec. 163(j) interest limitation Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Property, plant and equipment ) ) Intangible assets ) ) Operating lease asset ) Derivative asset ) Investments in partnerships ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had US federal net operating loss carryforwards of million and million, respectively, available to offset future federal taxable income which will begin to expire in 2034. The Company has federal net operating loss carryforwards of million, which can be carried forward indefinitely. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million of US federal net operating loss subject to limitation under Internal Revenue Code Section 382. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had state net operating loss million and million, respectively, which will begin to expire in 2023, if not utilized. 
 The Company regularly assesses the realizability of its deferred tax assets and establishes a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some or all of its deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company evaluates and weighs all available positive and negative evidence such as historic results, future reversals of existing deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, as well as prudent and feasible tax-planning strategies. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance of million and million, respectively, for its deferred tax assets associated with state net operating losses that are more likely than not to expire. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had, under IRC Sec. 163(j), a gross interest expense limitation carryforward of million and million, respectively with an indefinite carryforward period. 
 The Company applies the applicable authoritative guidance which prescribes a comprehensive model for a manner in which a company should recognize, measure, present and disclose in its financial statements all material uncertain tax positions that the Company has taken or expects to take on a tax return. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has uncertain tax positions. No amounts of interest and penalties were recognized in the Company s financial statements and the Company s policy is to present interest and penalties as a component of income tax expense. 
 On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act was enacted and signed into law in the United States. The CARES Act includes measures to assist companies, including temporary changes to income and non-income-based tax laws. The Company did not receive a stimulus payment related to the CARES Act and the new law did not have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 The Inflation Reduction Act the IRA Act" was passed into law on August 16, 2022. The key provisions from the IRA include the implementation of a 15 alternative book income minimum tax, an excise tax on stock buybacks, and significant tax incentives for energy and climate initiatives. The Company evaluated the key provisions under the IRA and concluded that the provisions are not applicable for year ended December 31, 2022 and will continue to monitor their impact on future periods. 
 88 

Altus Power, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

21. 
 MW of solar assets (the True Green II Acquisition of True Green Capital Fund III, L.P. True Green through acquisitions of the membership interests of APAF III Operating, LLC. The base purchase price is approximately million, subject to customary working capital adjustments. The base purchase price and associated costs and expenses was funded by million from the APAF III Term Loan (as defined below) and the remainder with cash. The Company also held back an aggregate million as security for indemnification claims which are expected to be paid within nine months after closing, contingent upon completion of development assets. 
 APAF III Term Loan 
 On February 15, 2023, the Company, through its subsidiaries, APA Finance III Borrower, LLC (the Borrower ), and APA Finance III Borrower Holdings, LLC Holdings entered into a new long-term funding facility under the terms of a Credit Agreement, among the Borrower, Holdings, Blackstone Asset Based Finance Advisors LP, which is an affiliate of the Company, U.S. Bank Trust Company, N.A., as administrative agent, U.S. Bank N.A., as document custodian, and the lenders party thereto (the APAF III Term Loan ). 
 This funding facility provides for a term loan of million at a fixed rate of . The term loan has an anticipated repayment date of June 30, 2033. The maturity date of the term loan is October 31, 2047. Upon lender approval, the Borrower has the right to increase the funding facility to make additional draws for certain acquisitions of solar assets that otherwise satisfy the criteria for Permitted Acquisitions, as set forth in the Credit Agreement. On February 15, 2023, the Company borrowed million from this facility to fund the True Green II Acquisition and the associated costs and expenses, and expects to borrow the remaining million upon the completion of certain development assets of the True Green II Acquisition when they are placed in service. 
 Forward Starting Interest Rate Swap 
 On January 31, 2023, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, APAG, entered into a forward starting interest rate swap with a notional amount of million (the "Forward Starting Swap"), which was designated as a cash flow hedge. The Forward Starting Swap hedges borrowings of the Company at a fixed rate of relative to SOFR and has a termination date of January 31, 2035. 

89 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, as such term is defined in Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Based on this evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, our management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022, because of the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Based on our management s evaluation (with the participation of our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer), of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which was based on the framework in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2022, because of the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 
 An effective internal control system, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error or overriding controls, and therefore can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to reliable financial reporting. Because of its inherent limitations, our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Effective internal controls can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. 
 
 In connection with the preparation of our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, prior to our initial public offering, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 We have identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting that we are currently working to remediate, which relate to: (a) insufficient qualified personnel, which caused management to be unable to appropriately define responsibilities to create an effective control environment; (b) the lack of a formalized risk assessment process; and (c) selection and development of control activities, including over information technology. These material weaknesses result in an increased risk of material misstatement in the financial statements. 
 
 Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10 K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm on internal control over financial reporting due to an exemption established by the JOBS Act for emerging growth companies . 
 
 Remediation Plan 
 With the oversight of senior management and our audit committee, we are taking the steps below and plan to take additional measures to remediate the underlying causes of the material weaknesses: 
 We have proceeded with steps intended to remediate the insufficient qualified personnel material weakness, including hiring additional finance department employees with appropriate expertise; 
 
 We have progressed towards the completion of our formalized risk assessment for SOX processes, including process mapping; and 
 
 90 

We have proceeded with steps intended to remediate the selection and development of control activities material weakness through the documentation of processes and controls in the financial statement close, reporting and disclosure processes while working to further enable our enterprise resource planning system and implement supporting software to improve the accuracy and controls over financial reporting. 
 
 We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, and are continuing to implement, will be sufficient to remediate the material weaknesses we have identified or avoid potential future material weaknesses. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 As discussed above, we implemented certain measures to remediate the material weaknesses identified in the design and operation of our internal control over financial reporting. Other than those measures, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 None. 
 91 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by this Item 10 of Form 10-K regarding Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 We adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officers, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer, which is available on our website. Our code of business conduct is a code of ethics, as defined in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K. We will make any legally required disclosures regarding amendments to, or waivers of, provisions of our code of ethics on the investors section of our website, https://investors.altuspower.com/. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this Item 11 of Form 10-K regarding Executive Compensation is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this Item 12 of Form 10-K regarding Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this Item 13 of Form 10-K regarding Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this Item 14 of Form 10-K regarding Principal Accounting Fees and Services is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 92 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a)(1) and (a)(2) Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules: 
 
 Reference is made to the Index to Financial Statements of the Company under Item 8 of Part II. All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or the amounts are immaterial, not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto in Item 8 of Part II above. 
 
 (b) Exhibits. 
 
 Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Exhibits not incorporated by reference to a prior filing are designated by an asterisk ); all exhibits not so designated are incorporated by reference to a prior filing as indicated. 
 
 Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Business Combination Agreement, dated July 12, 2021, by and among CBRE Acquisition Holdings, Inc., CBAH Merger Sub I, Inc., CBAH Merger Sub II, LLC, Altus Power America Holdings, LLC, APAM Holdings LLC and Altus Power, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of CBAH s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 13, 2021). 
 2.2 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement by and between APA Finance II, LLC, as Buyer, and DESRI V, L.L.C as Seller, dated as of September 26, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2022). 
 2.3 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement by and between APA Finance II, LLC, as Buyer, and DESRI II, L.L.C as Seller, dated as of September 26, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2022). 
 2.4 Purchase and Sale Agreement, by and among True Green Capital Fund III, L.P., APA Finance III, LLC, and solely for the purposes of Article V, Section 6.04, Section 6.05 and Article X thereof, Altus Power, LLC, dated as of December 23, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 16, 2023). 
 3.1 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Altus Power, Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 13, 2021). 
 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Altus Power, Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 13, 2021). 
 4.1 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of CBAH. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-249958), filed with the SEC on November 20, 2020). 
 4.2 Description of Securities 
 10.1 Commercial Collaboration Agreement, dated July 12, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of CBAH s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 13, 2021). 
 10.2 Management Equity Incentive Letter, dated July 12, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of CBAH s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 13, 2021). 
 10.3 Class B Letter Agreement, dated July 12, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of CBAH s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 13, 2021). 
 10.4 Investor Rights Agreement, dated July 12, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of CBAH s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 13, 2021). 
 10.5 Second Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated as of February 16, 2021, by and between CBRE Acquisition Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation and CBRE Acquisition Sponsor, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of CBAH s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2021). 
 10.6 Altus Power, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 13, 2021). 
 10.7 Altus Power, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 13, 2021). 
 10.8 Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 13, 2021). 
 10.9 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated August 25, 2021, by and among A PA Finance, LLC, as the borrower, APA Finance Holdings, LLC, as the Equity Holder (as defined therein), BISF Agent LLC, as administrative agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as Collateral Agent, Paying Agent and Document Custodian (each as defined therein) and each lender from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of CBAH s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-258700), filed with the SEC on September 23, 2021). 
 
 93 

10.1 Employment Agreement, dated February 15, 2017, by and between Altus Power America Management, LLC and Dustin Weber (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of CBAH s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-258700), filed with the SEC on September 23, 2021). 
 10.11 Credit Agreement, dated January 10, 2020 (the Fifth Third Credit Agreement ), by and among APA Construction Finance, LLC, as the borrower, Fifth Third Bank, National Association, as the joint leader arranger, sole bookrunner, administrative agent, interest rate hedge coordinating agent and collateral agent, Deutsche Bank New York Branch, as joint lead arranger and DSR LC issuing bank, and each of the Project Companies, Tax Equity Holdcos and Lenders (in each case as defined therein) from time to time parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of CBAH s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-258700), filed with the SEC on September 23, 2021). 
 10.12 First Amendment to the Fifth Third Credit Agreement, dated September 16, 2020, by and among APA Construction Finance, LLC, as borrower, SH MA SOLAR IV, LLC and HA MA SOLAR II, LLC, as Project Companies, Fifth Third Bank, National Association, as administration agent, and the Lenders (in each case as defined therein) parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of CBAH s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-258700), filed with the SEC on September 23, 2021). 
 10.13 Employment Agreement, dated October 21, 2021, by and between Altus Power, Inc. and Lars Norell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of CBAH s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-258700), filed with the SEC on October 28, 2021). 
 10.14 Employment Agreement, dated October 21 2021, by and between Altus Power, Inc. and Gregg Felton (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of CBAH s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-258700), filed with the SEC on October 28, 2021). 
 10.15 Confidential Information, Inventions and Proprietary Rights Agreement, dated October 21, 2021, by and between Altus Power America Management, LLC and Lars Norrell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of CBAH s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-258700), filed with the SEC on October 28, 2021). 
 10.16 Confidential Information, Inventions and Proprietary Rights Agreement, dated October 21, 2021, by and between Altus Power America Management, LLC and Gregg Felton (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of CBAH s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-258700), filed with the SEC on October 28, 2021). 
 10.17 Form of Director Offer Letters (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 13, 2021). 
 10.18 Second Amendment to the Fifth Third Credit Agreement, dated December 6, 2021, by and among APA Construction Finance, LLC, as the borrower, BT GA SOLAR LLC, CURRY SOLAR FARM LLC, LIGHTBEAM POWER COMPANY GRIDLEY MAIN LLC, LIGHTBEAM POWER COMPANY GRIDLEY MAIN TWO LLC, NM MA SOLAR II, LLC and HI MA SOLAR, LLC, as Project Companies, Fifth Third Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the Lenders (in each case as defined therein) parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 13, 2021). 
 10.19 Confidential Information, Inventions and Proprietary Rights Agreement, dated December 29, 2021, by and between Altus Power, Inc. and Anthony Savino (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on January 10, 2022). 
 10.20 Confidential Information, Inventions and Proprietary Rights Agreement, dated December 31, 2021, by and between Altus Power, Inc. and Dustin Weber (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on January 10, 2022). 
 10.21 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, pursuant to Altus Power, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan, by and between Altus Power, Inc. and employees, dated as of February 15, 2022 
 10.22 Agency Development and Project Management Services Agreement by and between Park Avenue Solar Solutions, LLC and CBRE, Inc. CBRE ), dated as of June 13, 2022 
 10.23 Amendment dated December 9, 2022 to Commercial Collaboration Agreement dated July 12, 2021 by and between Altus Power, LLC and CBRE, Inc. 
 10.24 Credit Agreement, dated December 19, 2022, among APA Generation, LLC, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, Citibank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., KeyBank National Association and Truist Securities, Inc. and the other Letter of Credit Issuers party hereto from time to time, and Citibank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 19, 2022). 
 10.25 Financing Agreement, dated December 23, 2022, among APA Finance II, LLC, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., KeyBanc National Association, the Huntington National Bank and the lenders thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 27, 2022). 
 
 94 

10.26 Credit Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2023, among APA Finance III Borrower, LLC, APA Finance III Borrower Holdings, LLC, Blackstone Asset Based Finance Advisors LP, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, U.S. Bank National Association, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 16, 2023). 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant . 
 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, independent registered public accounting firm for Altus Power, Inc. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL document). 

Item 16. Form 10 K Summary. 
 
 None. 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Altus Power, Inc. 
 
 Date: March 30, 2023 By: /s/ Gregg J. Felton Name: Gregg J. Felton Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 95 

Name Position Date /s/ Gregg J. Felton Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director March 30, 2023 Gregg J. Felton /s/ Lars R. Norell Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director March 30, 2023 Lars R. Norell /s/ Dustin L. Weber Chief Financial Officer March 30, 2023 Dustin L. Weber /s/ Christine R. Detrick Chairperson of the Board March 30, 2023 Christine R. Detrick /s/ Richard N. Peretz Director March 30, 2023 Richard N. Peretz /s/ Diane D. Brink Director March 30, 2023 Diane D. Brink /s/ William F. Concannon Director March 30, 2023 William F. Concannon /s/ Robert M. Horn Director March 30, 2023 Robert M. Horn /s/ Sarah E. Coyne Director March 30, 2023 Sarah E. Coyne 
 96 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 ex42descriptionofsecurit.htm
 EX-4.2

ex42descriptionofsecurit 

Exhibit 4.2 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED Altus Power, Inc., Inc. (the Company, we, our and us has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, namely, our Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class A Common Stock ). The following description of our Class A Common Stock is a summary and does not purport to be com- plete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our third amended and restated certificate of incor- poration and our second amended and restated bylaws, each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K. For additional information, please read the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ). Authorized Capital Stock Our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of 990,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, including 988,591,250 shares of Class A Common Stock and 1,408,750 shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class B Common Stock ), as well as 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.0001 par value per share Preferred Stock ). Common Stock Voting Rights Except as otherwise required by law or as otherwise provided in any certificate of designation for any series of Preferred Stock, under the third amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the holders of Class A Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share of Class A Common Stock held of record by such holder on all matters on which stockholders are entitled to vote generally, including the election or removal of directors. Except as otherwise required by law, holders of each series of common stock shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to the third amended and restated certificate of incorporation (including any certificate of designation relating to any series of Preferred Stock) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock or other series of common stock, as applicable, if the holders of such affected series of Preferred Stock or other series of common stock, as applicable, are entitled, either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to the third amended and restated certificate of incorporation (including any certificate of designation relating to any series of Preferred Stock) or pursuant to the DGCL. Except as otherwise required by law, holders of shares of Class B Common Stock shall be entitled to only such voting rights, if any, as are expressly granted by the third amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Dividend Rights Subject to applicable law and the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock or any class or series of capital stock having a preference over or the right to participate with the common stock with respect to the payment of dividends and other distributions in cash, property or shares of capital stock, dividends and other distributions may be declared and paid ratably on the common stock out of our assets that are legally available for this purpose at such times and in such amounts as our board of directors (the Board in its discretion shall determine. Liquidation, Dissolution and Winding Up Upon our dissolution, liquidation or winding up, the change of control provisions of the third amended and restated certificate of incorporation shall be deemed to apply with respect to the shares of Class B Common Stock then outstanding, whether or not such dissolution, liquidation or winding up of us constitutes a change of control thereunder, and after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other our liabilities and subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock or any class or series of capital stock having a 

preference over or the right to participate with the common stock with respect to the distribution of our assets upon such dissolution, liquidation or winding up, the holders of common stock shall be entitled to receive our remaining assets available for distribution to stockholders ratably in proportion to the number of shares of common stock held by them. Preemptive or Other Rights The holders of Class A Common Stock do not have preemptive or other subscription rights and there will be no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the Class A Common Stock. Alignment Shares The alignment shares (the Alignment Shares are designated as shares of Class B Common Stock. The Alignment Shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A Common Stock based upon the total return on the Class A Common Stock as of the relevant measurement date over the seven fiscal years following our business combination (the Business Combination with CBRE Acquisition Holdings, Inc. On the last day of each measurement period (as defined below), which will occur annually over seven fiscal years following consummation of the Business Combination (and, with respect to any measurement period in which we have a change of control or in which we liquidate, dissolve or wind up, on the business day immediately prior to such event instead of on the last day of such measurement period), 201,250 of the shares of Class B Common Stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A Common Stock based upon the Total Return (as further described herein) of our outstanding equity capital as of the relevant measurement date above the price threshold. The first such conversion occurred on March 31, 2022, and 201,250 shares of Class B Common Stock were automatically converted into 2,011 shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to the terms set forth below. For so long as any Alignment Shares remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior written consent of the holders of a majority of the Alignment Shares then outstanding, take certain actions such as to (i) amend, alter or repeal any provision of the third amended and restated certificate of incorporation, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration or repeal would alter or change the powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class B Common Stock, or (ii) issue any shares of Class B Common Stock. As a result, the holders of the Alignment Shares may be able to prevent us from taking such actions that some public stockholders may believe are in our interest. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of Alignment Shares may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding Class B Common Stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all Alignment Shares were present and voted. Alignment Shares Conversion On the last day of each measurement period, which will occur annually over seven fiscal years following the end of the first fiscal quarter following consummation of our Business Combination (and, with respect to any measurement period in which we have a change of control or in which we liquidate, dissolve or wind up, on the business day immediately prior to such event instead of on the last day of such measurement period), 201,250 Alignment Shares will automatically convert, subject to adjustment as described herein, into shares of our Class A Common Stock conversion shares ), as follows: if the sum (such sum, the Total Return of (i) the volume-weighted average price VWAP ), calculated in accordance with Volume Weighted Average Price below, of shares of our Class A Common Stock for the final fiscal quarter in such measurement period and (ii) the amount per share of any dividends or distributions paid or payable to holders of our Class A Common Stock, the record date for which is on or prior to the last day of the measurement period, does not exceed the price threshold (as defined below), the number of conversion shares for such measurement period will be 2,013 shares of Class A Common Stock; if the Total Return exceeds the price threshold but does not exceed an amount equal to 130 of the price threshold, then subject to the Conversion Cap (as defined below) the number of conversion shares for such 

measurement period will be equal to 20 of the difference between (a) the Total Return and (b) the price threshold, multiplied by (I) 63,648,854 (the Applicable Closing Share Count divided by (II) the Total Return; and if the Total Return exceeds an amount equal to 130 of the price threshold, then subject to the Conversion Cap the number of conversion shares for such measurement period will be equal to the sum of: (a) 20 of the difference between (I) an amount equal to 130 of the price threshold and (II) the price threshold, multiplied by (A) the Applicable Closing Share Count, divided by (B) the Total Return; plus (b) 30 of the difference between (I) the Total Return and (II) an amount equal to 130 of the price threshold, multiplied by (A) the Applicable Closing Share Count, divided by (B) the Total Return. Notwithstanding paragraphs 2 and 3 immediately above, in no event shall the number of conversion shares for any such measurement period be less than 2,013 shares of Class A Common Stock. If the provisions set forth in paragraphs 2 and 3 immediately above result in the number of conversion shares for any such measurement period being less than 2,013 shares of Class A Common Stock, then the number of conversion shares for such measurement period will be equal to 2,013 shares of Class A Common Stock. Notwithstanding anything in this section, (i) the aggregate number of conversion shares shall be limited by a conversion cap equal to 14,596,638 (the Conversion Cap ), and (ii) all remaining shares of Class B Common Stock that cannot be converted into shares of Class A Common Stock as a result of the Conversion Cap being met shall collectively convert into one Conversion Share (the Remainder Conversion ). The term measurement period means (i) the period beginning on December 9, 2021, and ending with, and including, March 31, 2022 and (ii) each of the six successive four-fiscal-quarter periods. The price threshold will initially equal 10.00 for the first measurement period and will thereafter be adjusted at the beginning of each subsequent measurement period to be equal to the greater of (i) the price threshold for the immediately preceding measurement period and (ii) the VWAP for the final fiscal quarter of the immediately preceding measurement period (in each case of clause (i) and (ii), as proportionally adjusted to give effect to any stock splits, stock capitalizations, stock combinations, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations or any such similar transactions). Each conversion of Alignment Shares will apply to the holders of Alignment Shares on a pro rata basis. If, upon conversion of any Alignment Shares, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued to such holder. We include the following hypothetical scenarios solely for the purpose of illustrating the number of shares of Class A Common Stock that would be issued upon conversion of the Alignment Shares during one measurement period, assuming the Applicable Closing Share Count is 70,000,000, assuming the VWAP is 9.00 for the initial measurement period and assuming that no dividends or distributions have been paid or are payable on shares of Class A Common Stock during the initial measurement period, then the Total Return would be 9.00 per share and the 201,250 Alignment Shares would convert into 2,013 shares of Class A Common Stock following the close of the initial measurement period. In contrast, assuming the VWAP is 11.00 for the initial measurement period (rather than 9.00) and dividends and distributions equal to 1.00 per share of Class A Common Stock were paid or payable during the initial measurement period (rather than no dividends or distributions), the Total Return would be 12.00, which exceeds the initial 10.00 price threshold, but is less than 130 of the initial 10.00 price threshold. The conversion value would be calculated as 20 of the 2.00 per share appreciation above 10.00, or 0.40 per share, multiplied by 70,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock or 28,000,000. This conversion value would then be divided by the Total Return of 12.00, which yields 2,333,333 shares of Class A Common Stock. Thus, the 201,250 Alignment Shares would convert into 2,333,333 shares of Class A Common Stock following the close of the initial measurement period (subject to the Conversion Cap). 

Continuing with the example above, at the end of the second measurement period, assuming the Total Return is 11.00, the 201,250 Alignment Shares at year end would convert into only 2,013 shares of Class A Common Stock because the Total Return for the second measurement period of 11.00 is less than the price threshold of 12.00. If the Total Return for the second measurement period was instead 16.00, then the 201,250 Alignment Shares would convert into 3,675,000 shares of Class A Common Stock. The Total Return of 16.00 would exceed the price threshold of 12.00 by 4.00, which is more than 130 of the 12.00 price threshold. The conversion value would be calculated as the sum of (i) 20 of 3.60 (the excess over 12.00 of a price equal to 130 of 12.00), or 0.72, and (ii) 30 of 0.40 (the difference between the Total Return and 130 of 12.00), or 0.12, multiplied by 70,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock or 58,800,000. Such amount would then divided by the Total Return of 16.00, which yields 3,675,000 shares of Class A common stock (subject to the Conversion Cap). The tables below provide an illustration of the number of conversion shares each tranche of Alignment Shares shall convert into based on the Price Threshold and Total Return for a given measurement period, based on an Applicable Closing Share Count of 70,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock: Annual Conversion Shares Total Return ) Price Threshold ) 8.00 9.00 10.00 11.00 12.00 13.00 14.00 15.00 16.00 17.00 10.00 2,013 2,013 2,013 1,272,727 2,333,333 3,230,769 4,500,000 5,600,000 6,562,500 7,411,764 10.50 2,013 2,013 2,013 636,363 1,750,000 2,692,307 3,675,000 4,830,000 5,840,625 6,732,352 11.00 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 1,166,666 2,153,846 3,000,000 4,060,000 5,118,750 6,052,941 11.50 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 583,333 1,615,384 2,500,000 3,290,000 4,396,875 5,373,529 12.00 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 1,076,923 2,000,000 2,800,000 3,675,000 4,694,117 12.50 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 538,461 1,500,000 2,333,333 3,062,500 4,014,705 13.00 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 1,000,000 1,866,666 2,625,000 3,335,294 13.50 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 500,000 1,400,000 2,187,500 2,882,352 14.00 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 933,333 1,750,000 2,470,588 14.50 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 466,666 1,312,500 2,058,823 15.00 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 875,000 1,647,058 15.50 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 437,500 1,235,294 16.00 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 823,529 16.50 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 411,764 17.00 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 17.50 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 18.00 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 18.50 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 19.00 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 19.50 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 20.00 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 2,013 

Total Return ) Price Threshold ) 18.00 19.00 20.00 21.00 22.00 23.00 24.00 25.00 10.00 8,166,666 8,842,105 9,450,000 10,000,000 10,500,000 10,956,521 11,375,000 11,760,000 10.50 7,525,000 8,234,210 8,872,500 9,450,000 9,975,000 10,454,347 10,893,750 11,298,000 11.00 6,883,333 7,626,315 8,295,000 8,900,000 9,450,000 9,952,173 10,412,500 10,836,000 11.50 6,241,666 7,018,421 7,717,500 8,350,000 8,925,000 9,450,000 9,931,250 10,374,000 12.00 5,600,000 6,410,526 7,140,000 7,800,000 8,400,000 8,947,826 9,450,000 9,912,000 12.50 4,958,333 5,802,631 6,562,500 7,250,000 7,875,000 8,445,652 8,968,750 9,450,000 13.00 4,316,666 5,194,736 5,985,000 6,700,000 7,350,000 7,943,478 8,487,500 8,988,000 13.50 3,675,000 4,586,842 5,407,500 6,150,000 6,825,000 7,441,304 8,006,250 8,526,000 14.00 3,111,111 3,978,947 4,830,000 5,600,000 6,300,000 6,939,130 7,525,000 8,064,000 14.50 2,722,222 3,371,052 4,252,500 5,050,000 5,775,000 6,436,956 7,043,750 7,602,000 15.00 2,333,333 2,947,368 3,675,000 4,500,000 5,250,000 5,934,782 6,562,500 7,140,000 15.50 1,944,444 2,578,947 3,150,000 3,950,000 4,725,000 5,432,608 6,081,250 6,678,000 16.00 1,555,555 2,210,526 2,800,000 3,400,000 4,200,000 4,930,434 5,600,000 6,216,000 16.50 1,166,666 1,842,105 2,450,000 3,000,000 3,675,000 4,428,260 5,118,750 5,754,000 17.00 777,777 1,473,684 2,100,000 2,666,666 3,181,818 3,926,086 4,637,500 5,292,000 17.50 388,888 1,105,263 1,750,000 2,333,333 2,863,636 3,423,913 4,156,250 4,830,000 18.00 2,013 736,842 1,400,000 2,000,000 2,545,454 3,043,478 3,675,000 4,368,000 18.50 2,013 368,421 1,050,000 1,666,666 2,227,272 2,739,130 3,208,333 3,906,000 19.00 2,013 2,013 700,000 1,333,333 1,909,090 2,434,782 2,916,666 3,444,000 19.50 2,013 2,013 350,000 1,000,000 1,590,909 2,130,434 2,625,000 3,080,000 20.00 2,013 2,013 2,013 666,666 1,272,727 1,826,086 2,333,333 2,800,000.00 Once the Conversion Cap is met, all remaining Alignment Shares that cannot convert due to the Conversion Cap will collectively convert into one Conversion Share. As a result, the maximum number of Conversion Shares that may be issued will be 14,596,638. The conversion shares will be deliverable no later than the tenth day following the last day of each applicable measurement period. The conversion shares will be delivered no later than 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of issuance. We are required to publicly announce the number of conversion shares to be issued no less than two business days prior to issuance. Volume Weighted Average Price VWAP per share of our Class A Common Stock on any trading day means the per share volume weighted average price as displayed under the heading Bloomberg VWAP on Bloomberg (or, if Bloomberg ceases to publish such price, any successor service reasonably chosen by us) page VAP (or its equivalent successor if such page is not available) in respect of the period from the open of trading on the relevant trading day until the close of trading on such trading day (or if such volume-weighted average price is unavailable, the market price of one share of Class A Common Stock on such trading day determined, using a volume weighted average method, by an independent financial advisor retained for such purpose by us). VWAP for any period means the volume-weighted average of the respective VWAPs for the trading days in such period. Change of Control Upon a change of control, for the measurement period in which the change of control transaction occurs, the 201,250 Alignment Shares will automatically convert into conversion shares (on the business day immediately prior to such event), as follows: if, prior to the date of such change of control, the Alignment Shares have already cumulatively converted into a number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal in the aggregate to at least 5 of the Applicable Closing Share Count (the 5 Threshold Amount ), the number of conversion shares will equal the greater of (i) 2,013 shares of Class A Common Stock and (ii) subject to the Conversion Cap, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock that would be issuable based on the excess of the Total Return above the price threshold as 

described above with such Total Return calculated based on the cash purchase price in the change of control transaction or deemed value of the consideration received by holders of Class A Common Stock, rather than the VWAP for the final fiscal quarter in the relevant measurement period; if, prior to the date of the change of control, the Alignment Shares have not already cumulatively converted into a number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal in the aggregate to at least the 5 Threshold Amount, subject to the Conversion Cap, the number of conversion shares will equal the greater of (i) the 5 Threshold Amount less any shares of Class A Common Stock previously issued upon conversion of Alignment Shares and (ii) the number of shares that would be issuable based on the excess of the Total Return above the price threshold described above with the Total Return calculated based on the cash purchase price in the change of control transaction or deemed value of the consideration received by holders of Class A Common Stock, rather than the VWAP for the final fiscal quarter in the relevant measurement period; and to the extent any remaining tranches of 201,250 Alignment Shares remain outstanding, all remaining tranches of 201,250 Alignment Shares will automatically convert into one (1) share of our Class A Common Stock. A change of control is the occurrence of any one of the following: (a) a person or group within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, other than us, our wholly owned subsidiaries and our and their respective employee benefit plans, (A) has become the direct or indirect beneficial owner, as defined in Rule 13d- 3 under the Exchange Act, of common stock representing more than 50 of the voting power of our common stock and (B) has filed a Schedule TO or any schedule, form or report under the Exchange Act disclosing that an event described in clause (A) has occurred; provided, however, that a person or group will not be deemed a beneficial owner of, or to own beneficially, any securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by or on behalf of such person or group or any of their affiliates until such tendered securities are accepted for purchase or exchange thereunder; (b) the consummation of (A) any recapitalization, reclassification or change of our common stock (other than a change from no par value to par value, a change in par value or a change from par value to no par value, or changes resulting from a subdivision or combination) as a result of which all of our common stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities, or other property or assets; (B) any share exchange, consolidation or merger of us pursuant to which all of the Class A Common Stock will be converted into cash, securities or other property or assets (including any combination thereof); or (C) any sale, lease or other transfer in one transaction or a series of transactions of all or substantially all of our or our consolidated assets, taken as a whole, to any person or entity (other than one of our wholly owned subsidiaries, and other than a pledge or hypothecation of assets (but not foreclosure in respect thereof)); provided, however, that a transaction described in clauses (A) or (B) in which the holders of all classes of our common equity immediately prior to such transaction own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of all classes of the common equity of the continuing or surviving entity immediately after such transaction in substantially the same proportions as such ownership immediately prior to such transaction will not be deemed to be a change of control pursuant to this clause (b); (c) our stockholders approve any plan or proposal for our liquidation or dissolution (other than a liquidation or dissolution that will occur contemporaneously with a transaction described in clause (b)(B) above); or (d) our Class A Common Stock ceases to be listed or quoted on any of the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ), the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Global Market (or any of their respective successors); provided, however, that a transaction or transactions described in clauses (a) or (b) above will not constitute a change of control, if at least 90 of the consideration received or to be received by the holders of our common stock, excluding cash payments for fractional shares and cash payments made in respect of dissenters appraisal rights, in connection with such transaction or transactions, consists of shares of common stock that are listed or quoted on any of the NYSE, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Global Market (or any of their respective successors) or will be so listed or quoted when issued or exchanged in connection with such transaction or transactions, and as a result of such transaction or transactions such consideration becomes the equity interests into which the Alignment Shares convert. Preferred Stock The third amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes 10,000,000 shares of undesignated Preferred Stock and provides that shares of Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our Board is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of 

each series. Our Board is able to, without stockholder approval, issue shares of Preferred Stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of our common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our Board to issue shares of Preferred Stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no Preferred Stock outstanding at the date hereof. Dividends The Company has not paid any cash dividends on shares of our common stock to date. The payment of cash dividends in the future will depend upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition. The payment of any cash dividends will be within the discretion of the Board at such time. In addition, the Board is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent The transfer agent for our common stock and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. The Company has agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all liabilities, including judgments, costs and reasonable counsel fees that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct, fraud or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.21>
 3
 formofrestrictedstockuni.htm
 EX-10.21

formofrestrictedstockuni 

113637648_3 Name: Number of Restricted Stock Units subject to Award: Date of Grant: Vesting Commencement Date: ALTUS POWER, INC. 2021 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT This agreement (this Agreement evidences an award (the Award of restricted stock units granted by Altus Power, Inc. (the Company to the individual named above (the Participant ), pursuant to and subject to the terms of the Altus Power, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan ). 1. Grant of Restricted Stock Unit Award. The Company grants to the Participant on the date set forth above (the Date of Grant the number of restricted stock units (the Restricted Stock Units set forth above giving the Participant the conditional right to receive, without payment and pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan, one share of Stock (a Share with respect to each Restricted Stock Unit forming part of the Award, subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 8 of the Plan in respect of transactions occurring after the date hereof. 2. Vesting. Unless earlier terminated, forfeited, relinquished or expired, the Restricted Stock Units will vest as follows, subject to the Participant remaining in continuous Employment from the Date of Grant through such vesting date: one third of the Restricted Stock Units will vest on each of third, fourth and fifth anniversaries of the Vesting Commencement Date, with the number of Restricted Stock Units that vest on any such date being rounded down to the nearest whole Share and the Award becoming vested as to 100 of the Restricted Stock Units on the fifth anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date. All Restricted Stock Units that are then unvested and outstanding will vest in full on termination of the Participant s Employment by the Company without Cause within 12 months following a Change of Control. 3. Delivery of Shares. Subject to Section 5 below and Section 9 of the Plan, the Company shall, as soon as practicable upon the vesting of any portion of the Award (but in no event later than thirty (30) days following the date on which such Restricted Stock Units vest), effect delivery of the Shares with respect to such vested Restricted Stock Units to the Participant (or, in the event of the Participant s death, to the person to whom the Award has passed by will or the laws of descent and distribution). No Shares will be issued pursuant to this Award unless and until all legal requirements applicable to the issuance or transfer of such Shares have been complied with to the satisfaction of the Administrator. 4. Forfeiture; Recovery of Compensation. The Administrator may cancel, rescind, withhold or otherwise limit or restrict this Award at any time if the Participant is not in 

-2- 113637648_3 compliance with all applicable provisions of this Agreement and the Plan. By accepting, or being deemed to have accepted, this Award, the Participant expressly acknowledges and agrees that his or her rights, and those of any permitted transferee of this Award, under this Award, including the right to any Shares acquired under this Award or proceeds from the disposition thereof, are subject to Section 6.6 of the Plan (including any successor provision). The Participant further agrees to be bound by the terms of any clawback or recoupment policy of the Company that applies to incentive compensation that includes Awards such as the Restricted Stock Units. Nothing in the preceding sentence may be construed as limiting the general application of Section 10 of this Agreement. 5. Dividends; Other Rights. This Award may not be interpreted to bestow upon the Participant any equity interest or ownership in the Company or any subsidiary prior to the date on which the Company delivers Shares to the Participant. The Participant is not entitled to vote any Shares by reason of the granting of this Award or to receive or be credited with any dividends declared and payable on any Share prior to the date on which any such Share is delivered to the Participant hereunder. The Participant will have the rights of a shareholder only as to those Shares, if any, that are actually delivered under this Award. 6. Nontransferability. This Award may not be transferred except as expressly permitted under Section 6.3 of the Plan. 7. Taxes. (a) The Participant expressly acknowledges that the vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units acquired hereunder may give rise to wages subject to withholding. No Shares will be delivered pursuant to this Award unless and until the Participant has remitted to the Company in cash or by check (or by such other means as may be acceptable to the Administrator) an amount sufficient to satisfy all taxes required to be withheld in connection with such vesting or settlement. (b) The Participant authorizes the Company and its subsidiaries to withhold any amounts due in respect of any required tax withholdings or payments from any amounts otherwise owed to the Participant, but nothing in this sentence may be construed as relieving the Participant of any liability for satisfying his or her obligation under the preceding provisions of this Section 8. (c) This Award is intended to be exempt from Section 409A of the Code as a short- term deferral thereunder and shall be construed and administered in accordance with that intent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will the Company have any liability relating to the failure or alleged failure of any payment or benefit under this Agreement to comply with, or be exempt from, the requirements of Section 409A. 8. Effect on Employment. Neither the grant of this Award, nor the issuance of Shares upon the vesting of this Award, will give the Participant any right to be retained in the employ or service of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, affect the right of the Company or 

-3- 113637648_3 any of its subsidiaries to discharge the Participant at any time, or affect any right of the Participant to terminate his or her Employment at any time. 9. Provisions of the Plan. This Agreement is subject in its entirety to the provisions of the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the Plan as in effect on the Date of Grant has been furnished to the Participant. By accepting, or being deemed to have accepted, all or any portion of the Award, the Participant agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan and this Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. 10. Acknowledgements. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that: (a) The grant of the Restricted Stock Units is considered a one-time benefit and does not create a contractual or other right to receive any other award under the Plan, benefits in lieu of such awards or any other benefits in the future. (b) The Plan is a voluntary program of the Company and future awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company, including, but not limited to, the timing of any award, the amount of any award, vesting provisions and purchase price, if any. (c) The value of the Restricted Stock Units is an extraordinary item of compensation outside of the scope of the Participant s employment. As such, the Restricted Stock Units are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-term service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments. (d) The Award and any Shares delivered under the award are subject to the Company s Stock Ownership Guidelines, as adopted on February 15, 2022, as such guidelines may be amended, revised or supplemented from time to time (the Guidelines ). By accepting or being deemed to have accepted the Award, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that he or she will comply with the terms and conditions of the Guidelines. (e) The Participant authorizes the Company to use and disclose to any agent administering the Plan or providing recordkeeping services with respect to the Plan such information and data as the Company shall request in order to facilitate the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, the administration of the Restricted Stock Units and the administration of the Plan, and the Participant waives any data privacy rights he or she may have with respect to such information or the sharing of such information. (f) (i) This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which will be an original and all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument, (ii) this Agreement may be executed and exchanged using facsimile, portable document format (PDF) or electronic signature, which, in each case, will constitute an original signature for all purposes hereunder, and (iii) such signature 

-4- 113637648_3 by the Company will be binding against the Company and will create a legally binding agreement when this Agreement is countersigned by the Participant. [Signature page follows.] 

Signature Page to Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 113637648_3 The Company, by its duly authorized officer, and the Participant have executed this Agreement as of the Date of Grant. ALTUS POWER, INC. By: Name: Title: Agreed and Accepted: By: DDLE_NAME_LAST_NAME - [Participant s Name] 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-10.22>
 4
 altuscbrepjmmasterservices.htm
 EX-10.22

Document 

Master Project Management Services Agreement 
 THIS PROJECT MANAGEMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made as of June 13, 2022 by and between Park Avenue Solar Solutions, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Client ), and CBRE, INC. , a Delaware corporation CBRE ). Client and CBRE are also referred to herein as the Parties . In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, Client and CBRE hereby agree as follows 
 1. PROJECT MANAGEMENT SERVICES 
 1.1 The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the date of this Agreement and expire on June 13, 2026 Term ). The Parties may mutually agree to renew or extend the Term. Either Party may terminate this Agreement without cause by providing the other Party at least thirty (30) days prior written notice specifying the effective date of such termination. 
 1.2 Client hereby appoints CBRE to provide project management services (the Services for designated projects (each, a Project as described in work orders Work Orders executed by the Parties from time to time. Work Orders shall be in the form attached hereto as Appendix A . Each Work Order shall specify the Services, the compensation to be paid to CBRE, and any other terms and conditions relating to each Project. The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be incorporated into all Work Orders, and shall govern the performance of the Services, in accordance with each Work Order. Should the terms of this Agreement and a Work Order conflict, the terms of this Agreement will control unless specifically modified by such Work Order. Where applicable, references to CBRE and Client in this Agreement shall be deemed to include Affiliates of CBRE and Client that provide and receive Services in Canada pursuant to Work Orders executed by such parties. Affiliate means an entity that owns, is owned by or under common control with, Client or CBRE, as applicable. CBRE may also delegate the performance of the Services under a Work Order to an Affiliate. 
 1.3 If CBRE is executing a project under an Agency delivery model, CBRE will advise Construction Professionals (as hereinafter defined) of the target completion date established by Client in a Work Order. CBRE will use commercially reasonable efforts to complete the Project in accordance with Client s schedule but does not guaranty such schedule. The actual date of completion of a Project and CBRE s Services in connection therewith is referred to as the Actual Completion Date . 
 1.4 If CBRE is executing a project under an Agency delivery model, the Parties acknowledge and agree that the Services, as they relate to the construction and design efforts of contractors, vendors, architects, engineers, consultants, design professionals and other construction personnel engaged by Client to perform work on the Project Construction Professionals ), will be limited to overseeing and managing the work of the Construction Professionals. CBRE will review Project documents and require such changes as are necessary so that such documents are in the name of Client, and all warranties run in favor of Client. Client acknowledges that the work product provided by Construction Professionals will be the responsibility of such persons and that CBRE does not warrant or guaranty, and will not be liable with respect to, their performance or work product. CBRE will not be liable for (i) design techniques or procedures or (ii) construction means, methods, techniques, sequences or procedures employed by any third-party including Construction Professionals providing design, construction or other services in 
 1 

connection with the Project. All agreements with Construction Professionals shall be entered into either by Client directly or by CBRE as Client s agent (for this limited purpose, only), for the account and in the name of Client, and payment for such services shall be made by Client. Client acknowledges that Construction Professionals may be part of CBRE s global sourcing program. All fees and other consideration such Construction Professionals pay to be part of the program are not paid to client or subject to audit or reconciliation. In contracts with the Construction Professionals, Client will ensure that CBRE is indemnified by Construction Professionals and is included as an additional insured under the Construction Professional s liability insurance. 
 1.5 CBRE shall provide the Services in a good and efficient manner consistent with Client s usage and image, using the standard of care customary for professional providers of like services within the commercial real estate services industry. CBRE shall perform the Services through able, qualified and trained CBRE employees CBRE Employees and, if applicable, subcontractors. CBRE shall have the exclusive right to hire, direct, discipline, compensate and terminate CBRE Employees, and shall exercise complete and exclusive control over the conduct of CBRE Employees. 
 2. INSURANCE 
 1.1 CBRE s Insurance . CBRE shall maintain the following insurance policies, covering the activities of CBRE under this Agreement (a) commercial general liability of 1,000,000 combined single limit per occurrence and annual aggregate and (b) umbrella form excess liability insurance in excess of the limits provided by the commercial general liability policy with limits of 2,000,000 per occurrence and annual aggregate. Client will be included as an additional insured under CBRE s commercial general liability policy described above to the extent of loss attributable to CBRE s negligence. CBRE s insurance will not be called upon to respond to or cover Client s negligence or willful misconduct. 
 1.2 Client s Insurance . Client shall maintain (a) commercial general liability insurance with per occurrence limits of 3,000,000, which limits may be provided by any combination of primary and following form excess policies, and (b) all risk property insurance for each Project on a replacement value basis. CBRE shall be included as an additional insured under Client s commercial general liability policy for actions within the scope of CBRE s authority as set forth in this Agreement. All such insurance shall be primary to CBRE s liability insurance relating to this Agreement except to the extent of loss attributable to CBRE s negligence. 
 1.3 Mutual Waiver of Subrogation . Client and CBRE each hereby waives, for itself and its affiliates, right of recovery, and agrees that no third party shall have any right of recovery by way of subrogation, assignment or otherwise, against the other Party or its affiliates with regard to losses or claims insured against under this Agreement. 
 3. INDEMNIFICATION 
 1.1 Indemnification . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Party (as the case may be, the Indemnifying Party agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other Party (the Indemnified Party from and against all third party claims, liabilities, judgments, actions, penalties and other expenses (collectively, Claims asserted against or incurred by the Indemnified Party for bodily 
 2 

injury, personal injury or property damages to the extent such Claims are attributable to the Indemnifying Party s negligence or willful misconduct or the Indemnifying Party's failure to comply with applicable law. 
 1.2 Procedure . CBRE and Client shall be liable hereunder only to the extent of their respective indemnity obligations. If both Parties bear fault for a matter, each Party s liability shall be equal to the percentage determined to be due to the fault of such Party as agreed upon by the Parties or as fixed by settlement agreement or final judgment of a court or arbitration panel. Further, if either Party assumes the defense of a matter for which the other Party, but not the defending Party, is at fault (in whole or in part with any third party), the Party at fault shall either pay or reimburse the defending Party fully for all costs and expenses incurred in connection with such defense. 
 1.3 Limitations on Liability . Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary 
 (a) Except in connection with breaches of the confidentiality provisions in Section 4.1, neither Party shall be liable for any lost or prospective profits or any other indirect, consequential, special, incidental, punitive, or other exemplary losses or damages, whether based in contract, warranty, indemnity, negligence, strict liability or other tort or otherwise, regardless of the foreseeability or the cause thereof. 
 (b) CBRE s maximum aggregate liability to Client under or in connection with this Agreement, whether in contract, warranty, negligence, tort or otherwise, shall not exceed the fees (excluding any reimbursed amounts) paid or payable to CBRE in the 12-month period immediately preceding the related claim. 
 (c) CBRE shall not be liable for any Claim based upon or resulting from any erroneous or incomplete data provided by Client or any third party or otherwise contained in Client s databases. No representation or recommendation is or will be made by CBRE as to the legal sufficiency, legal effect, or tax or accounting consequences of any Project, transaction or documentation. 
 4. CONFIDENTIALITY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 1.1 Confidentiality . CBRE and Client agree that any material, information or data relating to the research, development and or business operations, strategies or ideas of a Party (the Disclosing Party ), including, without limitation, customer information, technical information, business methodologies, plans or forecasts, that provides the Disclosing Party with a competitive advantage, that is not generally known by persons not employed by the Disclosing Party and that could not easily be determined or learned by someone outside its organization Confidential Information and disclosed to the other Party (the Receiving Party may not be disclosed by the Receiving Party unless otherwise permitted by this Agreement. Confidential Information shall not include information (a) in the public domain, (b) disclosed with the written permission of the Disclosing Party, (c) known to the Receiving Party from a source other than the Disclosing Party without any direct or indirect obligation of nondisclosure and without a breach hereof by the Receiving Party, or (d) independently developed by the Receiving Party without use of or reliance on information received from the Disclosing Party. In addition, the Parties may disclose Confidential Information (i) to employees who have a need to know in 
 3 

connection with this Agreement, (ii) in any action to enforce the provisions of this Agreement, (iii) as required by applicable law or legal process, or (iv) to accountants, attorneys, financial or legal advisors and insurers who agree to or are otherwise required to maintain the information in confidence. Parties acknowledge that CBRE or its agent, in the ordinary course of conducting routine off-site accounting and finance functions, may access Confidential Information remotely, and such information shall remain confidential pursuant to the terms herein. 
 1.2 Intellectual Property . CBRE shall not receive any right, claim, title or interest in or to any proprietary products, Confidential Information or intellectual property of Client. Notwithstanding any provision hereof to the contrary, all methodologies, systems, procedures, management tools, software, ideas, inventions, know-how and other intellectual capital that CBRE has developed, created or acquired prior to performing Services under this Agreement, or develops, creates or acquires without use of or reliance on Confidential Information of Client during the Term or thereafter CBRE s Intellectual Capital are and shall remain the sole and exclusive proprietary property of CBRE, and Client shall not have any right, claim, title or interest in or to any of CBRE s Intellectual Capital. Client shall receive no ownership of or right to any of CBRE s working papers or manuals. Performance of the Services by CBRE shall not be deemed to be a prohibition of, or interfere in any manner with CBRE s provision of similar services to third parties, provided that CBRE in so doing does not use or disclose any Confidential Information of Client. 
 5. CLIENT COVENANTS 
 Client shall furnish all information and cooperation reasonably required by CBRE in order to deliver the Services required hereunder. Client shall render all required approvals and decisions with reasonable promptness for the orderly performance of the Services. Client agrees that CBRE shall bear no liability to the extent arising out of Client s failure to comply with its obligations under this Agreement. Further, CBRE shall have no liability to the extent a Claim arises because CBRE acted or failed to act because of adherence to Client s policies, rules, regulations, agreements and or instructions. All Client policies and instructions with which CBRE must comply shall be consistent with this Agreement and provided to CBRE in advance in writing. 
 6. HAZARDOUS MATERIALS PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS 
 1.1 Hazardous Materials . Client acknowledges that CBRE is not an environmental expert or consultant in the field of hazardous materials or substances which are or becomes defined as hazardous waste, hazardous substance, hazardous material, pollutant, or contaminant under any applicable law Hazardous Materials ). With respect to any Hazardous Materials that may be present below, on, about or otherwise affecting a Project or any property of Client, CBRE shall not be responsible for detecting, handling, removing, remediating or disposing of such Hazardous Materials, except to the extent of any Hazardous Materials brought onto the property by CBRE CBRE Hazardous Materials ). CBRE shall not use Hazardous Materials except in the ordinary course of providing the Services and in compliance with applicable laws. If CBRE encounters any materials on a Project site that it reasonably believes to be Hazardous Material, CBRE shall immediately stop work and notify the Client. Work on the Project in the affected area shall not thereafter be resumed until CBRE is notified in writing that the material is not Hazardous Material or, if it is, that such Hazardous Material has been rendered harmless. Client shall 
 4 

indemnify, defend and hold CBRE harmless from and against all Claims asserted against or incurred by CBRE to the extent arising out of any Hazardous Materials (other than CBRE Hazardous Materials) present on the Project site or other property of Client. 
 1.2 Other Pre-Existing Conditions and Defects . CBRE shall not be responsible for detecting or remediating (i) any pre-existing conditions at a Project site or other property of Client or (ii) any structural or latent defects or other defects in design or construction of a facility or manufacturing defects in equipment at a property, whether pre-existing or arising during the Term. 
 7. NOTICES 
 All notices, waivers, approvals, consents, demands, other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and deemed properly given, served and received (a) if delivered by messenger, when personally delivered, (b) if mailed, on the second business day after deposit in the U.S. mail, certified or registered, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or (c) if delivered by reputable overnight express courier, freight prepaid, the next business day after delivery to such courier in each case addressed to the Party to be notified as follows if to CBRE, then to CBRE, Inc., 201 South College Street, Ste 1700, Charlotte, NC, Attn Clint Stancil, with a required copy sent to CBRE, Inc., 2100 McKinney Avenue, Suite 900, Dallas, Texas 75201, Attn General Counsel Global Advisory and Global Workplace Solutions and if to Client, to Altus Power,2200 Atlantic Street, Sixth Floor, Stamford, CT 06909, Attn Dan Alcombright and Legal or to such other address as any Party may notify the other Party. 
 8. MISCELLANEOUS 
 1.1 Entire Agreement Amendment Counterparts . This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may not be amended or modified, nor may any term be waived, except in a writing signed by both Parties. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 1.2 Occupational Health and Safety . Notwithstanding anything contained herein, Client acknowledges that with respect to Projects in Canada, CBRE is not being retained as a constructor or prime contractor (as such terms are defined under the Occupational Health and Safety Act pursuant to the laws and regulations of Canada) and shall not be deemed constructor or prime contractor with respect to the Project or the Services. Client shall indemnify, hold harmless and defend the CBRE from any and all Claims related to or in connection with a determination or finding that CBRE is a constructor with respect to a Project or the Services. 
 1.3 Assignment Successors and Assigns . Neither Party shall assign this Agreement (other than an assignment to an affiliate or by operation of law) without the prior written consent of the other Party. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 
 1.4 Waiver . No consent or waiver by a Party to or of any breach or default, shall be deemed or construed to be a consent or waiver to or of any other breach or default under this Agreement. Failure 
 5 

of a Party to complain or declare the other Party in default, irrespective of how long such default continued, shall not constitute a waiver by such Party of rights and remedies hereunder. 
 1.5 Force Majeure . No delay or failure in performance by a Party shall constitute a default hereunder to the extent caused by Force Majeure. Unless the Force Majeure substantially frustrates performance of the Services, Force Majeure shall not operate to excuse, but only to delay, performance of the Services. If Services are delayed by reason of Force Majeure, CBRE promptly shall notify Client. Once the Force Majeure event ceases, CBRE shall resume performance of the Services as soon as possible. Force Majeure means any event beyond the control of the Party claiming inability to perform its obligations and which such Party is unable to prevent by the exercise of reasonable diligence, including, without limitation, the combined action of workers, fire, acts of terrorism, catastrophes, changes in laws, condemnation of property, governmental actions or delays, national emergency, epidemic, war, civil disturbance, floods, unusually severe weather conditions or other acts of God. Inability to pay or financial hardship shall not constitute Force Majeure regardless of the cause thereof and whether the reason is outside a Party s control. 
 1.6 Survival . Any provision of this Agreement which contemplates performance or observance subsequent to any termination or expiration of this Agreement shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement and continue in full force and effect including, but not limited to, Sections 3, 4, and 8.5. 
 
 1.7 Governing Law Jury Waiver . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut without regard to conflicts of law principles. EACH PARTY, AFTER CONSULTING (OR HAVING HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT) WITH COUNSEL OF ITS CHOICE, KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY, WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION IN ANY WAY RELATED TO, THIS AGREEMENT. 

6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement effective as of the date first above written. 
 Park Avenue Solar Solutions, LLC 
 
 By s Tony Savino 
 Name Tony Savino 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 CBRE, INC. 

By s Clint Stancil 
 Name Clint Stancil 
 Title Senior Management Director 

7 

A-2-8 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-10.23>
 5
 amendmenttocollaborationag.htm
 EX-10.23

Document 

AMENDMENT TO COMMERCIAL COLLABORATION AGREEMENT 
 
 This Amendment to the COMMERCIAL COLLABORATION Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2022 (this Amendment ), is entered into between CBRE, Inc. a Delaware corporation CBRE ), and Altus Power, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (formerly Altus Power, Inc. Altus ). 
 WHEREAS, Altus and CBRE entered into that certain Commercial Collaboration Agreement, dated as of July 12, 2021, (the Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, Altus and CBRE desire to amend the Agreement on the terms set forth herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, Altus and CBRE hereby agree as follows 
 1. Amendment . Altus and CBRE hereby agree to replace Exhibit C of the Agreement with the Exhibit C attached hereto. 
 2. Continuing Agreement . Except as modified by this Amendment, the terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and nothing in this Amendment shall constitute a waiver of any rights of either party under the Agreement, except as such rights are expressly modified hereby. 
 3. Miscellaneous . 
 1. Entire Agreement . This Amendment constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all oral communications and prior writings (except as otherwise provided herein) with respect thereto. 
 2. Amendments . No amendment, modification or waiver in respect of this Amendment will be effective unless in a writing executed by each of the parties hereto. 
 3. Headings . The headings used in this Amendment are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the construction of or be taken into consideration in connection with the interpretation of, this Amendment. 
 4. Execution in Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in multiple counterparts and by separate parties in different counterparts, each of which shall be an original but all of which when taken together shall constitute but one agreement. The delivery of an executed counterpart to this Amendment by electronic means, including via email, shall be effective as the delivery of a manually executed counterpart. 
 5. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any provision thereof that would result in the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. 
 
 (Signature Page to Follow) 
 1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to the Commercial Collaboration Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 
 
 CBRE, INC. ALTUS POWER, LLC By s Cash J. Smith 
 Name Cash J. Smith 
 Title President, CFO CBRE Acquisition Holdings, Inc 
 By s Lars Norell 
 Name Lars Norell 
 Title Co-CEO 

2 

EXHIBIT C 
 
 Altus Power, LLC (f k a Altus Power, Inc., Altus and CBRE, Inc. CBRE Development Fee Approach 
 
 Objective The Development Fee Approach encourages CBRE employees, including brokers, non-brokers and other employees CBRE Professionals ), to partner with Altus to bring Altus clean electrification solutions to CBRE s client base throughout the U.S. and Europe. This approach will create a highly aligned environment to encourage efficient engagement between Altus and CBRE s client base. 
 
 Qualified Referral In order for a transaction to be eligible for compensation from Altus it must meet certain minimum requirements as a Qualified Referral. A Qualified Referral will be determined by Altus, and requires, at a minimum, the CBRE Professional to actively facilitate the initial and on-going communications between CBRE s dedicated partnership team and or Altus and the referral prospect i.e., joint conference call, face-to-face meeting or referral contact information to allow direct communication) and support the overall interaction and follow up with the referral prospect through deal closing. If such referral property or client is already an existing Altus client, then Altus can determine at its discretion if such referral is a Qualified Referral. In addition, a transaction will be deemed a Qualified Referral when there is high certainty of closing, including actions such as Altus entering into a Power Purchase Agreement, Lease or Easement Agreement and or receiving the Interconnection Services Agreement (if applicable) or PILOT Agreement (if applicable). 
 
 Development Agreement For each Qualified Referral, the parties will execute an agreement in a form substantially similar to the Development Agreement as shown in Appendix I. The Development Agreement will be entered into between CBRE and the project-level entity associated with the Qualified Referral. The Development Agreement will define the development fee earned by CBRE and such fee may be between 0.015 watt to 0.030 watt depending on the business segment and teams of CBRE leaders involved. Altus will pay to CBRE the aggregated fees earned on a semi-annual basis and CBRE, at its discretion, will allocate those fees to employees and overhead associated with supporting the CBRE and Altus strategic partnership. 
 
 Miscellaneous Notwithstanding anything herein or otherwise to the contrary, Altus shall not be obligated to provide any products or services to any potential customer referred by a CBRE Professional, and all pricing decisions related to the Altus products and services shall be made by Altus. 
 
 3 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 listofentities.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

List of Subsidiaries of Altus Power, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation Altus Power, LLC Delaware APA Generation, LLC Delaware APA Finance Holdings, LLC Delaware APA Finance, LLC Delaware Altus ZS Holdings, LLC Delaware APA Finance II, LLC Delaware TGCOP Holdco, LLC Delaware DESRI V Acquisition Holdings, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 consent10-k2022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-269337 on Form S-3 of our report dated March 30, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Altus Power, Inc. Altus appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Altus for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 Stamford, CT 
 March 30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 amps-20221231x10kexh311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EX-31.1 amps-20221231x10kexh311.htm EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Gregg J. Felton, certify that 
 1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Altus Power, Inc. 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4) The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules l3a- l5(e) and l5d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 a) omitted 
 b) omitted 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5) The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date March 30, 2023 
 s Gregg J. Felton Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 amps-20221231x10kexh312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EX-31.2 amps-20221231x10kexh312.htm EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Dustin L. Weber, certify that 
 1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Altus Power, Inc. 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4) The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules l3a- l5(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 a) omitted 
 b) omitted 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5) The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date March 30, 2023 
 s Dustin L. Weber Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 10
 amps-20221231x10kexh32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

EX-32 amps-20221231x10kexh32.htm EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

The undersigned, G regg J. Felton, Co-Chief Executive Officer, and Dustin L . Weber, Chief Financial Officer of Altus Power, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. 1350, that 
 (i) the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, of the Company (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date March 30, 2023 
 
 s Gregg J. Felton Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director s Dustin L. Weber Chief Financial Officer 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 amps-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 amps-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 amps-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 amps-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 amps-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

