<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_726601_0000726601-23-000009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19077246</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>383433</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2683819</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7368755</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4117215</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3884202</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000726601-23-000009.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301163135
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000726601-23-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		143
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CAPITAL CITY BANK GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000726601
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				592273542
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-13358
		FILM NUMBER:		23694111

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		217 N MONROE ST
		CITY:			TALLAHASSEE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8506710300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 11248
		CITY:			TALLAHASSEE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32302-3248

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000726601-23-000009.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 ccbg20221231.htm
 FORM 10-K

ccbg20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, 
DC 
20549
 ___________________________________ 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 For the fiscal year ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

(State of Incorporation) 
 (Commission File Number) 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 
 , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

 Title of Each Class 
Trading Symbol(s) 
Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

The 

LLC 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
 None
 Indicate by check mark if 
the registrant is a well-known 
seasoned issuer, as defined in 
Rule 405 of the Securities 
Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file 
reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of 
the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed 
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the 
 preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant 
was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject 
to such filing requirements for the past 
 90 days. Yes 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted 
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be 
 submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation 
S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or 
for such shorter period that the registrant 
 was required to submit and post such files). Yes 

No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated 
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging 
 growth company. 
See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 
12b-2 of the 
 Exchange Act 
 Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, 
indicate by check mark if the registrant 
has elected not to use the 
extended transition period for complying with any new 
or revised 
 financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) 
of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a 
report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control 
over 
 financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley 
Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting 
firm that prepared or issued its audit 
 report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, 
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements 
of the registrant included in the filing reflect 
 the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements
 . 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections 
are restatements that required a recovery analysis of 
incentive-based compensation received by any of 
 the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company 
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock, 0.01 par value 
per share, held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 
30, 2022, the last business day 
 of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately 

(based on the closing sales price of the registrant s common stock 
 on that date). Shares of the registrant s common stock held by each officer and director and 
each person known to the registrant to own 10 or more of 
the 
 outstanding voting power of the registrant have been excluded 
in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This 
determination of affiliate status is not a 
 determination for other purposes. 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the 
issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 Class 
 Outstanding at February 28, 2023 
 Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share 

2 
 CAPITAL CITY BANK 
GROUP, 
INC.
 ANNUAL REPORT FOR 2022 ON FORM 10-K
 TABLE OF CONTENTS
 PART 
I 

PAGE 

Item 1. 

Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 
 20 
 Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 
 31 
 Item 2. 

Properties 
 31 
 Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 
 31 
 Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosure 
 
31 

PART 
II 

Item 5. 

Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareowner Matters, and Issuer Purchases of 
 Equity Securities 
 32 
 Item 6. 

Selected Financial Data 
 34 
 Item 7. 

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 36 
 Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 58 
 Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 116 
 Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 
 116 
 Item 9B. 

Other Information 
 118 

PART 
III 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 119 
 Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 
 119 
 Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareowner Matters 
 119 
 Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 119 
 Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 119 

PART 
IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 120 
 Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary 
 121 
 Signatures 
 122 

3 
 INTRODUCTORY NOTE 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within 
the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation 
 Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include, among others, 
statements about our beliefs, plans, objectives, 
 goals, 
expectations, estimates and intentions that are subject to significant risks and 
uncertainties and are subject to change based 
 on various factors, many of which are beyond our control. 
The words may, could, 
 should, would, believe, 
 anticipate, estimate, expect, intend, plan, target, vision, 
 goal, and similar expressions are intended to identify 
 forward-looking statements. 
 All forward-looking statements, by their nature, are subject to risks and uncertainties. 
Our actual future results may differ 
 materially from those set forth in our forward-looking statements. 
 In addition to those risks discussed in this Annual Report under Item 1A Risk Factors, factors 
that could cause our actual results 
 to differ materially from those in the forward-looking 
statements, include, without limitation: 
 
 our ability to successfully manage credit risk, interest rate risk, liquidity risk, 
and other risks inherent to our industry; 
 
 legislative or regulatory changes; 
 
 changes in monetary and fiscal policies of the U.S. Government; 
 
 inflation, interest rate, market and monetary fluctuations; 
 
 the effects of security breaches and computer viruses that may 
affect our computer systems or fraud related to debit card 
 products; 
 
 the accuracy of our financial statement estimates and assumptions, 
including the estimates used for our allowance for 
 credit losses, deferred tax asset valuation and pension plan; 
 
 changes in our liquidity position; 
 
 changes in accounting principles, policies, practices or guidelines; 
 
 the frequency and magnitude of foreclosure of our loans; 
 
 the effects of our lack of a diversified loan portfolio, including 
the risks of loan segments, geographic and industry 
 concentrations; 
 
 the strength of the United States economy in general and the strength of the local economies in 
which we conduct 
 operations; 

our ability to declare and pay dividends, the payment of which is subject to our capital 
requirements; 
 
 changes in the securities and real estate markets; 
 
 structural changes in the markets for origination, sale and servicing of residential 
mortgages; 
 
 uncertainty in the pricing of residential mortgage loans that we sell, as well as competition 
for the mortgage servicing 
 rights related to these loans and related interest rate risk or price risk resulting 
from retaining mortgage servicing rights 
 and the potential effects of higher interest rates on our 
loan origination volumes 
 
 the effect of corporate restructuring, acquisitions or dispositions, 
including the actual restructuring and other related 
 charges and the failure to achieve the expected gains, revenue growth 
or expense savings from such corporate 
 restructuring, acquisitions or dispositions; 
 
 the effects of natural disasters, harsh weather conditions 
(including hurricanes), widespread health emergencies 
 (including pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic), military conflict, 
terrorism, civil unrest or other geopolitical 
 events; 
 
 our ability to comply with the extensive laws and regulations to which 
we are subject, including the laws for each 
 jurisdiction where we operate; 
 
 the willingness of clients to accept third-party products and services rather than our 
products and services and vice versa; 
 
 increased competition and its effect on pricing; 
 
 technological changes; 
 
 the outcomes of litigation or regulatory proceedings; 
 
 negative publicity and the impact on our reputation; 
 
 changes in consumer spending and saving habits; 
 
 growth and profitability of our noninterest income; 
 
 the limited trading activity of our common stock; 
 
 the concentration of ownership of our common stock; 
 
 anti-takeover provisions under federal and state law as well as our Articles of Incorporation 
and our Bylaws; 
 
 other risks described from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission; and 
 
 our ability to manage the risks involved in the foregoing. 
 However, other factors besides those listed in 
 Item 1A Risk Factors
 
or discussed in this Annual Report also could adversely affect 
 our results, and you should not consider any such list of factors to be a complete 
set of all potential risks or uncertainties. 
Any 
 forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf speak only as of the date they 
are made. 
We do not undertake 
to update 
 any forward-looking statement, except as required by applicable law. 

4 
 PART 
I 
 Item 1. 
Business 
 About Us 
 General 
 Capital City Bank Group, Inc. CCBG is a financial holding company 
headquartered in Tallahassee, 
Florida. CCBG was 
 incorporated under Florida law on December 13, 1982, to acquire five national banks 
and one state bank that all subsequently 
 became part of CCBG s bank subsidiary, 
Capital City Bank CCB or the Bank ). The Bank commenced operations 
in 1895. In 
 this report, the terms Company, 
 we, us, or our mean CCBG and all subsidiaries included in our consolidated financial 
 statements. 
 CCBG is one of the largest publicly traded financial holding 
companies headquartered in Florida and has approximately 4.5 
 billion in assets. We provide 
a full range of banking services, including traditional deposit and credit services, 
mortgage banking, 
 asset management, trust, merchant services, bankcards, securities brokerage 
services and financial advisory services, including the 
 sale of life insurance, risk management and asset protection services. The 
Bank has 58 banking offices and 89 ATMs/ITMs 
in 
 Florida, Georgia, and Alabama. 
Through Capital City Home Loans, LLC CCHL ), we have 33 additional offices 
in the 
 Southeast for our mortgage banking business. 
The majority of the revenue (excluding CCHL), approximately 86 , is derived 
 from our Florida market areas while approximately 13 and 1 of the 
revenue is derived from our Georgia and other market 
 areas, respectively. 
Approximately 52 of the revenue from CCHL is derived from our Georgia 
market areas while 
 approximately 39 and 9 is derived from our Florida and other market areas, 
respectively. 
 Below is a summary of our financial condition and results of operations for the past three 
fiscal years, which we believe is a 
 sufficient period for understanding our general business development. 
Our financial condition and results of operations are more 
 fully discussed in our Management s 
Discussion and Analysis on page 36 and our consolidated financial statements on 
page 63. 
 Dollars in millions 
 Year 
Ended 
 December 31, 

 Assets 
 Deposits 
 Shareowners 
 Equity 
 Revenue
 (1)
 Net Income 
 2022 
 4,526.0 

 3,939.3 

 394.0 

 226.0 

 40.1 

 2021 
 4,263.8 

 3,712.9 

 383.2 

 213.9 

 33.4 

 2020 
 3,798.1 

 3,217.6 

 320.8 

 217.4 

 31.6 

 (1)
 Revenue represents interest income plus noninterest income 
 Dividends and management fees received from the Bank are CCBG s 
primary source of income. Dividend payments by the Bank 
 to CCBG depend on the capitalization, earnings and projected growth of 
the Bank, and are limited by various regulatory 
 restrictions, including compliance with a minimum Common Equity 
Tier 1 Capital conservation buffer. 
See the section entitled 
 Regulatory Considerations in this Item 1 and Note 17 in the Notes to Consolidated 
Financial Statements for a discussion of the 
 restrictions. 

Item 6 contains other financial and statistical information about us. 
 Subsidiaries of CCBG 

CCBG s principal asset is the capital 
stock of CCB, our wholly owned banking subsidiary, 
which accounted for nearly 100 of 
 consolidated assets and net income attributable to CCBG at December 31, 
2022. 
CCBG also maintains an insurance subsidiary, 
 Capital City Strategic Wealth, 
LLC. 
CCB has two primary subsidiaries, which are wholly owned, Capital City Trust 
Company 
 and Capital City Investments. 
CCB also maintains 
a 51 membership interest in a consolidated subsidiary, 
CCHL, which we 
 acquired on March 1, 2020. 
The nature of these subsidiaries is provided below. 

 Operating Segment 
 We have one 
reportable segment with two principal services: Banking Services and Wealth 
Management Services. 
Banking 
 Services are operated at CCB, and Wealth 
Management Services are operated under three separate subsidiaries (Capital City 
 Trust Company, 
Capital City Investments, and Capital City Strategic Wealth, 
LLC.). 
Revenues from these principal services for 
 the year ended 2022 totaled approximately 91.8 and 8.2 of our 
total revenue, respectively. 
In 2022 and 2021, Banking 
 Services (CCB) revenue was approximately 93.2 and 94.7 of our total revenue 
for each respective year. 

5 
 Capital City Bank 
 CCB is a Florida-chartered full-service bank engaged in the commercial 
and retail banking business. Significant services offered 
 by CCB include: 
 
 Business Banking
 
 We provide banking 
services to corporations and other business clients. Credit products are available 
 for a wide variety of general business purposes, including financing for 
commercial business properties, equipment, 
 inventories and accounts receivable, as well as commercial leasing and 
letters of credit. We also provide 
treasury 
 management services, and, through a marketing alliance with Elavon, Inc., merchant 
credit card transaction processing 
 services. 
 
 Commercial Real Estate Lending
 
 We provide 
a wide range of products to meet the financing needs of commercial 
 developers and investors, residential builders and developers, and community 
development. Credit products are available 
 to purchase land and build structures for business use and for investors 
who are developing residential or commercial 
 property. 
 
 Residential Real Estate Lending
 
 We provide products 
through our strategic alliance with CCHL and its existing 
 network of locations to help meet the home financing needs of consumers, 
including conventional permanent and 
 construction/ permanent (fixed, adjustable, or variable rate) financing 
arrangements, and FHA/VA/Government 
National 
 Mortgage Association GNMA loan products. 
We offer 
both fixed and adjustable rate residential mortgage (ARM) 
 loans. 
We offer 
these products through our existing network of CCHL locations. 
We do not originate 
subprime 
 residential real estate loans. 

Retail Credit
 
 We provide 
a full-range of loan products to meet the needs of consumers, including personal 
loans, 
 automobile loans, boat/RV 
loans, home equity loans, and through a marketing alliance with ELAN, we offer 
credit card 
 programs. 
 
 Institutional Banking 
 We provide banking 
services to meet the needs of state and local governments, public schools 
 and colleges, charities, membership and not-for-profit 
associations including customized checking and savings accounts, 
 cash management systems, tax-exempt loans, lines of credit, and term 
loans. 
 
 Retail Banking 
 We provide a full-range 
of consumer banking services, including checking accounts, savings programs, 
 interactive/automated teller machines (ATMs/ITMs), 
debit/credit cards, night deposit services, safe deposit facilities, 
 online banking, and mobile banking. 
 Capital City Trust Company 
 Capital City Trust Company, 
or the Trust Company, 
provides asset management for individuals through agency, 
personal trust, 
 IRA, and personal investment management accounts. Associations, 
endowments, and other nonprofit entities hire the Trust 
 Company to manage their investment portfolios. Additionally, 
a staff of well-trained professionals serves individuals requiring 
the 
 services of a trustee, personal representative, or a guardian. 
The market value of trust assets under discretionary management 
 exceeded 1.082 billion at December 31, 2022, with total assets under administration 
exceeding 1.097 billion. 
 Capital City Investments 
 We offer 
our customers access to retail investment products through LPL Financial pursuant 
to which retail investment products 
 would be offered through LPL. LPL offers a full line 
of retail securities products, including U.S. Government bonds, tax-free 
 municipal bonds, stocks, mutual funds, unit investment trusts, annuities, life 
insurance and long-term health care. Non-deposit 
 investment and insurance products are: (i) not FDIC insured; (ii) not deposits, 
obligations, or guarantees by any bank; and (iii) 
 subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal amount 
invested. 
 Capital City Strategic Wealth, 
LLC. 
 We provide 
a multi-disciplinary strategic planning approach that requires examining all facets of our 
clients financial lives 
 through our business, estate, financial, insurance and business planning, 
tax planning, and asset protection advisory services. 

 Insurance sales within this division include life, health, disability, 
long-term care, and annuity solutions. 

6 
 Lending Activities
 One of our core goals is to support the communities in which we operate. We 
seek loans from within our primary market area, 
 which is defined as the counties in which our banking offices are 
located. 
We will also originate 
loans within our secondary 
 market area, defined as counties adjacent to those in which we have banking offices. 
There may also be occasions when we will 
 have opportunities to make loans that are out of both the primary and secondary 
market areas, including participation loans. 
 These loans are only approved if the underwriting is consistent with our criteria and generally 
the project or applicant s primary 
 business is in or near our primary or secondary market areas. Approval of all loans is subject 
to our policies and standards 
 described in more detail below. 
 We 
 have adopted comprehensive lending policies, underwriting standards 
and loan review procedures. Management and our 
 Board of Directors reviews and approves these policies and procedures on a regular 
basis (at least annually). 
 Management has also implemented reporting systems designed to 
monitor loan originations, loan quality, 
concentrations of 
 credit, loan delinquencies, nonperforming loans, and potential problem 
loans. Our management and the Credit Risk Oversight 
 Committee periodically review our lines of business to monitor asset quality 
trends and the appropriateness of credit policies. In 
 addition, we establish total borrower exposure limits and monitor concentration 
risk. As part of this process, the overall 
 composition of the portfolio is reviewed to gauge diversification of risk, 
client concentrations, industry group, loan type, 
 geographic area, or other relevant classifications of loans. 
Specific segments of the portfolio are monitored and reported to our 
 Board on a quarterly basis, and we have strategic plans in place to supplement 
Board approved credit policies governing exposure 
 limits and underwriting standards. We 
recognize that exceptions to the below-listed policy guidelines may 
occasionally occur and 
 have established procedures for approving exceptions to these policy guidelines. 
 Residential Real Estate Loans 
 We originate 
1-4 family, owner-occupied 
residential real estate loans at CCHL for sale in the secondary market. 
A vast majority 
 of residential loan originations are fixed-rate loans which are sold in the 
secondary market on a non-recourse basis. 
We will 
 frequently sell loans and retain the servicing rights. 
Note 4 Mortgage Banking Activities in the Notes to Our Consolidated 
 Financial Statements provides additional information on our servicing 
portfolio. 

 CCB also maintains a portfolio of residential loans held for investment and 
will periodically purchase newly originated 1-4 
 family secured adjustable rate loans from CCHL for that portfolio. 
Residential loans held for investment are generally 
 underwritten in accordance with secondary market guidelines in effect 
at the time of origination, including loan-to-value, or LTV, 
 and documentation requirements. 

 Residential real estate loans also include home equity lines of credit, or HELOCs, and 
home equity loans. Our home equity 
 portfolio includes revolving open-ended equity loans with interest-only 
or minimal monthly principal payments and closed-end 
 amortizing loans. Open-ended equity loans typically have an interest only 
10-year draw period followed by a five-year repayment 
 period of 0.75 of principal balance monthly and balloon payment at maturity. 
As of December 31, 2022, approximately 56 of 
 our residential home equity loan portfolio consisted of first mortgages. 
Interest rates may be fixed or adjustable. 
Adjustable-rate 
 loans are tied to the Prime Rate with a typical margin of 1.0 or more. 

Commercial Loans 
 Our policy sets forth guidelines for debt service coverage ratios, LTV 
ratios and documentation standards. Commercial loans are 
 primarily made based on identified cash flows of the borrower with consideration 
given to underlying collateral and personal or 
 other guarantees. We 
have established debt service coverage ratio limits that require a borrower s cash 
flow to be sufficient to 
 cover principal and interest payments on all new and existing debt. The majority 
of our commercial loans are secured by the 
 assets being financed or other business assets such as accounts receivable or inventory. 
Many of the loans in the commercial 
 portfolio have variable interest rates tied to the Prime Rate or U.S. Treasury 
indices. 
 Commercial Real Estate Loans 
 We have adopted 
guidelines for debt service coverage ratios, LTV 
ratios and documentation standards for commercial real estate 
 loans. These loans are primarily made based on identified cash flows of the 
borrower with consideration given to underlying real 
 estate collateral and personal guarantees. Our policy establishes a maximum 
LTV specific to 
property type and minimum debt 
 service coverage ratio limits that require a borrower s cash flow to be 
sufficient to cover principal and interest payments on all 
 new and existing debt. Commercial real estate loans may be fixed 
or variable-rate loans with interest rates tied to the Prime Rate 
 or U.S. Treasury indices. We 
require appraisals for loans in excess of 250,000 that are secured by real property. 

7 
 Consumer Loans 
 Our consumer loan portfolio includes personal installment loans, direct 
and indirect automobile financing, and overdraft lines of 
 credit. The majority of the consumer loan portfolio consists of indirect and direct 
automobile loans. The majority of our consumer 
 loans are short-term and have fixed rates of interest that are priced based on 
current market interest rates and the financial 
 strength of the borrower. Our policy 
establishes maximum debt-to-income ratios, minimum credit scores, and includes 
guidelines 
 for verification of applicants income and receipt of credit reports. 
 Expansion of Business 
 See MD A (Business Overview) for disclosures regarding the expansion 
of our Business. 
 Competition 
 We operate in 
a highly competitive environment, especially with respect to services and pricing, that 
has undergone significant 
 changes. Since January 1, 2009, over 500 financial institutions have failed 
in the U.S., including many in Florida and Georgia. 
 Nearly all of the failed banks were community banks. The assets and deposits of many 
of these failed community banks were 
 acquired mostly by larger financial institutions. The banking industry 
has also experienced significant consolidation through 
 mergers and acquisition, which we expect will continue 
during 2023. However, we believe that the larger 
financial institutions 
 acquiring banks in our market areas are less familiar with the markets in 
which we operate and typically target a different client 
 base. We also believe 
clients who bank at community banks tend to prefer the relationship style service 
of community banks 
 compared to larger banks. 
 As a result, we expect to be able to effectively compete in our markets 
with larger financial institutions through providing 
 superior client service and leveraging our knowledge and experience 
in providing banking products and services in our market 
 areas. Thus, a further reduction of the number of community banks 
could continue to enhance our competitive position and 
 opportunities in many of our markets. However, 
larger financial institutions can benefit from economies of scale. Therefore, 
these 
 larger institutions may be able to offer banking 
products and services at more competitive prices than us. Additionally, 
these 
 larger financial institutions may offer financial 
products that we do not offer. 
 Our primary market area consists of 20 counties in Florida, six counties in Georgia, 
and one county in Alabama. In these markets, 
 we compete against a wide range of banking and nonbanking institutions including 
banks, savings and loan associations, credit 
 unions, money market funds, mutual fund advisory companies, mortgage 
banking companies, investment banking companies, 
 finance companies and other types of financial institutions. Most of Florida s 
major banking concerns have a presence in Leon 
 County, where our main 
office is located. 
Our Leon County deposits totaled 1.489 billion, or 38 of our consolidated 
deposits 
 at December 31, 2022. 

8 
 The table below depicts our market share percentage within each county, 
based on commercial bank deposits within the county. 
 Market Share as of June 30,
 (1)
 County 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Florida 
 
Alachua 
 4.9 
 4.6 
 4.5 
 
Bay 
 0.3 
 0.2 
 0.0 
 
Bradford 
 34.9 
 32.4 
 30.6 
 
Citrus 
 4.7 
 4.1 
 3.6 
 
Clay 
 2.3 
 2.8 
 2.0 
 
Dixie 
 19.8 
 18.9 
 18.7 
 
Gadsden 
 82.1 
 81.1 
 80.8 
 
Gilchrist 
 41.2 
 39.6 
 38.7 
 
Gulf 
 14.8 
 14.6 
 12.8 
 
Hernando 
 5.0 
 3.9 
 3.5 
 
Jefferson 
 24.8 
 24.4 
 23.0 
 
Leon 
 15.4 
 11.9 
 13.3 
 
Levy 
 25.4 
 26.4 
 24.2 
 
Madison 
 14.0 
 14.5 
 14.0 
 
Putnam 
 26.4 
 23.2 
 20.7 
 
St. Johns 
 0.7 
 0.7 
 0.6 
 
Suwannee 
 7.0 
 6.8 
 7.1 
 
Taylor 
 73.8 
 73.2 
 72.4 
 
Wakulla 
 10.0 
 10.5 
 8.3 
 
Washington 
 11.2 
 11.2 
 11.0 
 Georgia 
 
Bibb 
 3.2 
 3.3 
 3.2 
 
Cobb
 (2)
 0.0 
 0.0 
 0.0 
 
Grady 
 16.3 
 14.8 
 14.0 
 
Laurens 
 7.8 
 7.9 
 8.4 
 
Troup 
 6.4 
 6.1 
 6.5 
 Alabama 
 
Chambers 
 9.3 
 9.3 
 9.6 
 (1)
 Obtained from the FDIC Summary of Deposits Report for the year indicated.
 (2)
 Banking office opened in the fourth quarter of 2022.
 Seasonality 
 We believe our 
commercial banking operations are not generally seasonal in nature; however, 
public deposits tend to increase 
 with tax collections in the fourth and first quarters of each year and decline 
as a result of governmental spending thereafter. 
 Human Capital Matters

We are dedicated 
to creating personal relationships with our customers and implementing 
solutions that are right for them. Our 
 associates (our employees) are critical to achieving this mission, and it is crucial that 
we continue to attract and retain experienced 
 associates. As part of these efforts, we strive to offer 
a competitive compensation and benefits program, foster a community 
 where everyone feels included and empowered to do to their best work, 
and give associates the opportunity to give back to their 
 communities and make a social impact. 
 At January 31, 2023, we had approximately 796 associates, which included 
approximately 763 full-time associates and 
 approximately 33 part-time associates. 
None of our associates are represented by a labor union or covered by a 
collective 
 bargaining agreement. 
At January 31, 2023, approximately 72 of our current workforce was female while 28 
was male, and 
 approximately 21 are ethnic minorities. The average tenure of our associates was approximately 
9 years. 

9 
 For more than 10 years, Florida Trend has honored us 
by listing Capital City Bank as a Best Place to Work, 
and American 
 Bankers Magazine has recognized us as a Best Bank to Work 
For. Additionally, 
Georgia Trend recognized CCB in 2016 and 
 2017 as a Best Place to Work. 
Tenure statistics support 
these accolades and further demonstrate that associates enjoy working 
for 
 CCB. 
 Compensation and Benefits Program
 . Our compensation program is designed to attract and reward talented 
individuals who 
 possess the skills necessary to support our business objectives, assist in the 
achievement of our strategic goals and create long-
 term value for our shareowners. We 
provide our associates with compensation packages that include base 
salary, annual incentive 
 bonuses, and equity awards tied to the value of our stock price. We 
believe that a compensation program with both short-term and 
 long-term awards provides fair and competitive compensation and aligns 
associate and shareowner interests, including by 
 incentivizing business and individual performance (pay for performance), 
motivating based on long-term company performance 
 and integrating compensation with our business plans. In addition to 
cash and equity compensation, we also offer associates 
 benefits such as life and health (medical, dental vision) insurance, 
paid time off, paid parental leave, a 401(k) plan, and a 
 pension plan. 
 Diversity and Inclusion
 . We believe that an equitable 
and inclusive environment with diverse teams produces more creative 
 solutions, results in better services and is crucial to our efforts to attract and 
retain key talent. We strive 
to promote inclusion 
 through our corporate values of integrity, 
advocacy, partnership, relationships, 
community, and exceptional service. 
In 2021, we 
 formed the Diversity, 
Equity and Inclusion (DE I) Charter and formed the DE I Council. Our DE I Council 
consists of a 
 diverse group of members from all levels of the organization. 
The Council s focus is on diversity and 
inclusion in our workforce, 
 workplace, and community. 
They are responsible for connecting our diversity and inclusion activities with our 
broader business 
 strategies. Additionally, 
we created a Chief Diversity Officer position to provide direction and 
leadership as we build processes, 
 initiatives, and special programs aimed at DE I. Additionally during 2021, 
we partnered with a third-party DE I firm whose 
 mission is to embed equity and inclusion into work systems and culture, enhancing 
outcomes for employees and customers. Our 
 partnership will further develop and enhance our DE I plan and includes development 
of focus group conversations, interviews 
 with Senior Leadership, research of existing policies and documentation 
and outline of gaps in existing policies. All associates 
 receive DE I education, awareness and training each year. 
In January 2022, we added four new directors to our CCBG Board of 
 Directors. Of these four directors 50 are white males, 25 are minority 
female and 25 are non-minority female. The CCBG 
 outside directors are made up of 11 non-shareowner 
individuals. Of the 11 individuals, 27 are female and 
18 are ethnic 
 minority. We 
continue to focus on building an inclusive culture through a variety of diversity and inclusion 
initiatives, including 
 related to internal promotions and hiring practices. As part of these initiatives, we 
added the new position of Chief Culture Officer 
 and Head of Recruitment in 2022, and we have associate resource groups help 
to build an inclusive culture through company 
 events, participation in our recruitment efforts, and input 
into our hiring strategies. In addition, in response to emerging workplace 
 practices, we made changes to our Flex work/life balance program 
to assist our associates in maintaining a work/life balance 
 consistent with their goals and to attract, retain, and motivate key associates. 

 Health and Safety
 . The success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being 
of our people. Accordingly, we are 
 committed to the health, safety and wellness of our associates. We 
provide our associates and their families with access to a 
 variety of flexible and convenient health and welfare programs, including benefits 
that support their physical and mental health, 
 by providing tools and resources to help them improve or maintain their health 
status. We also offer 
choices to our associates 
 where possible so they can customize their benefits to meet their needs and 
the needs of their families. In response to the COVID-
 19 pandemic, we implemented significant operating environment changes 
that we determined were in the best interest of our 
 associates, as well as the communities in which we operate, and which 
comply with government regulations. We 
have retained 
 many of these changes as a permanent part of our overall focus on associate and 
client safety, and we continue to 
follow local and 
 federal guidance, including guidance prescribed by the Centers for Disease Control 
and Prevention CDC ), regarding COVID-
 19 precautions and health measures. 

 Social Matters 
 Community Involvement
 . We aim to give back 
to the communities where we live and work and believe that this commitment 
 helps in our efforts to attract and retain associates. Our commitment 
to help our community starts with our associates. Community 
 involvement is a hallmark for our organization, and it comes naturally 
to our associates. We 
encourage our associates to volunteer 
 their hours with service organizations and philanthropic groups in 
the communities we serve. We 
recorded 9,508, 8,697, and 
 8,169 community service hours in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
Furthermore, the CCBG Foundation donated 0.3 
million, 
 0.2 million, and 0.3 million to various non-profit organizations 
in the communities we serve, during 2022, 2021, and 2020, 
 respectively. 
Our community commitment to further financial literacy in our market remains an ongoing 
goal and focus for our 
 associates and directors. 
We continue 
to focus on ways to better our communities in which we operate through monetary 
 resources and volunteer hours. 

10 
 Access, affordability, 
and financial inclusion. 

 In 2022, the CCBG Foundation made grants totaling 150,000 to 
Community 
 Reinvestment Act eligible organizations in our market 
area. Working with 
CCHL, we are committed to providing educational 
 outreach regarding home ownership and financial access for minorities. We 
are a long-time supporter of Habitat for Humanity, 
 with our associates providing volunteer hours on home builds. 
During 2020 to 2022, we partnered with Habitat for Humanity, 
 Warrick Dunn 
Charities, and Capital City Home Loans, 
LLC. to build and furnish three homes. 
During tax season, we provide 
 locations for community residents to access Volunteer 
Income Tax Assistance (VITA) 
services. 
VITA is a nationwide 
IRS 
 program that offers free tax preparation assistance to people 
who generally make 54,000 or less, persons with disabilities, the 
 elderly, and limited English-speaking 
taxpayers who need assistance in preparing their own tax returns. Since 2015, we have 
 annually supported the United Way 
of the Big Bend in analyzing financial information for the annual grant review 
process. 
Many 
 of these grants are provided to low-moderate income communities in the Big Bend 
area. 
 Small Business Lending. 

 We are focused on 
supporting small businesses throughout our communities. The global pandemic 
 exposed the challenges of small business. Capital City Bank is proud 
to have participated in the Paycheck Protection Program 
 (PPP), originating 3,508 loans totaling more than 266 
million. 
During the pandemic, our company financially supported locally 
 owned restaurants to provide meals and gift cards for our associates.
 Environmental Matters 

 We are responsible 
for protecting our planet and understand that reducing our business s 
carbon footprint is key to a sustainable 
 future. We 
are committed to measuring and minimizing our collective impact on the 
environment while contributing to 
 environmental stewardship and responsible business operations. 
We strive to embed 
environmental sustainability throughout our 
 products, services, operations, and culture to drive efficiencies 
and responsible resource use while creating comfortable, safe, and 
 healthy workplaces for our associates.
 As part of our corporate responsibility, 
we continue to focus our efforts on sustainability 
 within our business and our community. 

 We are focused 
on sustainability and resource conservation and, as a result, seek to reduce resource 
consumption through 
 efficiency initiatives in our branches and offices. 
We do this through 
company-wide recycling programs, the implementation of 
 LED lighting in our workplaces, and working to reduce our reliance on disposable 
products. As we renovate or build new 
 facilities, we try to leverage renewable sources for power and HVAC 
through the employment of solar panels. In 2022, we made 
 a commitment for a 7 million investment in SOLCAP 2022-1, LLC, 
a fund that was formed to make solar tax equity investments 
 in renewable solar energy projects that will provide us with 
tax credits and other tax benefits. We 
plan to continue to review these 
 investment opportunities as they arise. We 
have also invested in tools and capabilities that allow our team members to work 
 remotely as appropriate. We 
work hard to ensure that our lending activities do not encourage business activities 
that could cause 
 irreparable damage to our reputation or the environment. As a result, we try 
to conduct business responsibly and actively work 
 with shareowners to best serve our various constituents. We 
monitor the environmental, social, and human rights risks of our 
 customers along with credit risks. This process involves management and 
Board oversight and controls such as enhanced due 
 diligence and a reputation risk review which is overseen by our Enterprise 
Risk Management Committee. In general, we evaluate 
 each credit or transaction on its individual merits, with larger deals 
receiving more attention and deeper analysis, including a 
 review of environmental matters related to certain real estate loans which is overseen 
by our Credit Risk Oversight Committee. 
 Regulatory Considerations 
 We must comply 
with state and federal banking laws and regulations 
that control virtually all aspects of our operations. 
These 
 laws and regulations generally aim to protect 
our depositors, not necessarily our shareowners or our 
creditors. Any changes in 
 applicable laws or regulations may materially affect 
our business and prospects. Proposed 
legislative or regulatory changes may 
 also affect our operations. The following description summarizes some of the 
laws and regulations to which we are 
subject. 
 References to applicable statutes and regulations 
are brief summaries, do not purport to be complete, and 
are qualified in their 
 entirety by reference 
to such statutes and regulations. 

 Capital City Bank Group, Inc. 
 We are registered 
with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve as a bank holding company under 
the Bank Holding 
 Company Act of 1956 BHC Act and have also elected to be a financial holding 
company. As a result, we are subject 
to 
 supervisory regulation and examination by the Federal Reserve. 
The BHC Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall 
Street Reform and 
 Consumer Protection Act, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Financial Modernization 
Act, and other federal laws subject financial holding 
 companies to restrictions on the types of activities in which they may engage, 
and to a range of supervisory requirements and 
 activities, including regulatory enforcement actions for violations of 
laws and regulations. 

11 
 Permitted Activities 
 The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act reformed the U.S. banking system by: (i) allowing 
bank holding companies that qualify as 
 financial holding companies, such as CCBG, to engage in a broad range of financial 
and related activities; (ii) allowing insurers 
 and other financial service companies to acquire banks; (iii) removing restrictions 
that applied to bank holding company 
 ownership of securities firms and mutual fund advisory companies; and 
(iv) establishing the overall regulatory scheme applicable 
 to bank holding companies that also engage in insurance and securities operations. 
The general effect of the law was to establish a 
 comprehensive framework to permit affiliations among 
commercial banks, insurance companies, securities firms, and other 
 financial service providers. Activities that are financial in nature are broadly 
defined to include not only banking, insurance, and 
 securities activities, but also merchant banking and additional activities that the 
Federal Reserve, in consultation with the 
 Secretary of the Treasury, 
determines to be financial in nature, incidental to such financial activities, or complementary 
activities 
 that do not pose a substantial risk to the safety and soundness of depository 
institutions or the financial system generally. 

 In contrast to financial holding companies, bank holding companies are 
limited to managing or controlling banks, furnishing 
 services to or performing services for its subsidiaries, and engaging 
in other activities that the Federal Reserve determines by 
 regulation or order to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling 
banks as to be a proper incident thereto. In 
 determining whether a particular activity is permissible, the Federal Reserve must 
consider whether the performance of such an 
 activity reasonably can be expected to produce benefits to the public that outweigh 
possible adverse effects. Possible benefits 
 include greater convenience, increased competition, and gains in efficiency. 
Possible adverse effects include undue concentration 
 of resources, decreased or unfair competition, conflicts of interest, and unsound 
banking practices. Despite prior approval, the 
 Federal Reserve may order a bank holding company or its subsidiaries to terminate 
any activity or to terminate ownership or 
 control of any subsidiary when the Federal Reserve has reasonable cause 
to believe that a serious risk to the financial safety, 
 soundness or stability of any bank subsidiary of that bank holding company 
may result from such an activity. 
 Changes in Control 
 Subject to certain exceptions, the BHC Act and the Change in Bank Control Act CBCA ), together with the applicable 
 regulations, require Federal Reserve approval (or, 
depending on the circumstances, no notice of disapproval) prior to any 
 acquisition of control of a bank or bank holding company. 
Under the BHC Act, a company (a broadly defined term that includes 
 partnerships among other things) that acquires the power, 
directly or indirectly, 
to direct the management or policies of an insured 
 depository institution or to vote 25 or more of any class of voting securities of 
any insured depository institution is deemed to 
 control the institution and to be a bank holding company. 
A company that acquires less than 5 of any class of voting security 
 (and that does not exhibit the other control factors) is presumed not to have control. 
For ownership levels between the 5 and 
 25 thresholds, the Federal Reserve has developed an extensive body of 
law on the circumstances in which control may or may 
 not exist. 
Further, on January 30, 2020, the Federal Reserve finalized 
a rule that simplifies and increases the transparency of its 
 rules for determining when one company controls another company for 
purposes of the BHC Act. 
The rule became effective 
 September 30, 2020. It has and will likely continue to have a meaningful impact on 
control determinations related to investments 
 in banks and bank holding companies and investments by bank holding 
companies in nonbank companies. 
 Under the CBCA, if an individual or a company that acquires 10 or more of any 
class of voting securities of an insured 
 depository institution or its holding company and either that institution or 
company has registered securities under Section 12 of 
 the Exchange Act, or no other person will own a greater percentage of 
that class of voting securities immediately after the 
 acquisition, then that investor is presumed to have control and may be 
required to file a change in bank control notice with the 
 institution s or the holding company s 
primary federal regulator. Our common 
stock is registered under Section 12 of the 
 Exchange Act so we are subject to these rules. 
 As a financial holding company, 
we are required to obtain prior approval from the Federal Reserve before (i) acquiring 
all or 
 substantially all of the assets of a bank or bank holding company, 
(ii) acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more 
 than 5 of the outstanding voting stock of any bank or bank holding company 
(unless we own a majority of such bank s voting 
 shares), or (iii) acquiring, merging or consolidating 
with any other bank or bank holding company. 
In determining whether to 
 approve a proposed bank acquisition, federal bank regulators will consider, 
among other factors, the effect of the acquisition on 
 competition, the public benefits expected to be received from the acquisition, 
the projected capital ratios and levels on a post-
 acquisition basis, and the companies records of addressing the credit needs of 
the communities they serve, including the needs of 
 low and moderate income neighborhoods, consistent with the safe and 
sound operation of the bank, under the Community 
 Reinvestment Act of 1977. 

12 
 Under Florida law, 
a person or entity proposing to directly or indirectly acquire control of a Florida bank 
must also obtain 
 permission from the Florida Office of Financial Regulation. The 
Florida Statutes define control as either (i) indirectly or 
 directly owning, controlling or having power to vote 25 or more of the voting 
securities of a bank; (ii) controlling the election of 
 a majority of directors of a bank; (iii) owning, controlling, or having power to vote 10 
or more of the voting securities as well as 
 directly or indirectly exercising a controlling influence over management 
or policies of a bank; or (iv) as determined by the 
 Florida Office of Financial Regulation. These requirements 
will affect us because the Bank is chartered under Florida law and 
 changes in control of CCBG are indirect changes in control of CCB. 
 Prohibitions Against Tying Arrangements 
 Banks are subject to the prohibitions of 12 U.S.C. 1972 on certain tying arrangements. 
We are prohibited, 
subject to some 
 exceptions, from extending credit to or offering any other service, 
or fixing or varying the consideration for such extension of 
 credit or service, on the condition that the customer obtain some additional 
service from the institution or its affiliates or not 
 obtain services of a competitor of the institution.
 Capital; Dividends; Source of Strength 
 The Federal Reserve imposes certain capital requirements on financial 
holding companies under the BHC Act, including a 
 minimum leverage ratio and a minimum ratio of qualifying capital to risk-weighted 
assets. These requirements are described 
 below under Capital Regulations. Subject to these capital requirements 
and certain other restrictions, we are generally able to 
 borrow money to make a capital contribution to CCB, and such loans may 
be repaid from dividends paid from CCB to us. We 
are 
 also able to raise capital for contributions to CCB by issuing securities without having 
to receive regulatory approval, subject to 
 compliance with federal and state securities laws. 
 It is the Federal Reserve s policy 
that bank holding companies should generally pay dividends on common 
stock only out of 
 income available over the past year, 
and only if prospective earnings retention is consistent with the organization s 
expected 
 future needs and financial condition. It is also the Federal Reserve s 
policy that bank holding companies should not maintain 
 dividend levels that undermine their ability to be a source of strength to their banking 
subsidiaries. Additionally, 
the Federal 
 Reserve has indicated that bank holding companies should carefully review 
their dividend policies and has discouraged payment 
 ratios that are at maximum allowable levels unless both asset quality and capital 
are very strong. The Federal Reserve possesses 
 enforcement powers over bank holding companies and their non-bank subsidiaries 
to prevent or remedy actions that represent 
 unsafe or unsound practices or violations of applicable statutes and regulations. 
Among these powers is the ability to proscribe the 
 payment of dividends by banks and bank holding companies. 

 Bank holding companies are expected to consult with the Federal Reserve before 
redeeming any equity or other capital instrument 
 included in Tier 1 or Tier 
2 capital prior to stated maturity, 
if such redemption could have a material effect on the level or 
 composition of the organization s 
capital base. In addition, a bank holding company may not repurchase shares equal 
to 10 or 
 more of its net worth if it would not be well-capitalized (as defined by the Federal Reserve) 
after giving effect to such repurchase. 
 Bank holding companies experiencing financial weaknesses, or 
that are at significant risk of developing financial weaknesses, 
 must consult with the Federal Reserve before redeeming or repurchasing common 
stock or other regulatory capital instruments. 
 In accordance with Federal Reserve policy, 
which has been codified by the Dodd-Frank Act, we are expected to act as a source of 
 financial strength to CCB and to commit resources to support CCB in circumstances in 
which we might not otherwise do so. In 
 furtherance of this policy, 
the Federal Reserve may require a financial holding company to terminate any activity or 
relinquish 
 control of a nonbank subsidiary (other than a nonbank subsidiary 
of a bank) upon the Federal Reserve s determination 
that such 
 activity or control constitutes a serious risk to the financial soundness or stability of 
any subsidiary depository institution of the 
 financial holding company. 
Further, federal bank regulatory authorities have 
additional discretion to require a financial holding 
 company to divest itself of any bank or nonbank subsidiary if the agency determines 
that divestiture may aid the depository 
 institution s financial condition. 

 Safe and Sound Banking Practices 
 Bank holding companies and their nonbanking subsidiaries are prohibited 
from engaging in activities that represent unsafe and 
 unsound banking practices or that constitute a violation of law or regulations. 
Under certain conditions the Federal Reserve may 
 conclude that some actions of a bank holding company, 
such as a payment of a cash dividend, would constitute an unsafe and 
 unsound banking practice. The Federal Reserve also has the authority 
to regulate the debt of bank holding companies, including 
 the authority to impose interest rate ceilings and reserve requirements on 
such debt. The Federal Reserve may also require a bank 
 holding company to file written notice and obtain its approval prior to purchasing 
or redeeming its equity securities, unless certain 
 conditions are met. 

13 
 Capital City Bank 
 Capital City Bank is a state-chartered commercial banking institution that is chartered 
by and headquartered in the State of Florida 
 and is subject to supervision and regulation by the Florida Office of 
Financial Regulation. The Florida Office of Financial 
 Regulation supervises and regulates all areas of our operations including, 
without limitation, the making of loans, the issuance of 
 securities, the conduct of our corporate affairs, the satisfaction 
of capital adequacy requirements, the payment of dividends, and 
 the establishment or closing of banking centers. We 
are also a member bank of the Federal Reserve System, which makes our 
 operations subject to broad federal regulation and oversight by the Federal 
Reserve. In addition, our deposit accounts are insured 
 by the FDIC up to the maximum extent permitted by law, 
and the FDIC has certain supervisory enforcement powers over us. 

 As a Florida state-chartered bank, we are empowered by statute, subject to 
the limitations contained in those statutes, to take and 
 pay interest on savings and time deposits, to accept demand deposits, to 
make loans on residential and other real estate, to make 
 consumer and commercial loans, to invest (with certain limitations) in equity securities 
and in debt obligations of banks and 
 corporations and to provide various other banking services for the benefit 
of our clients. Various 
consumer laws and regulations 
 also affect our operations, including state usury laws, laws relating to 
fiduciaries, consumer credit and equal credit opportunity 
 laws, and fair credit reporting. In addition, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
Improvement Act of 1991, or FDICIA, 
 prohibits insured state-chartered institutions from conducting activities as principal 
that are not permitted for national banks. A 
 bank, however, may engage in certain otherwise 
prohibited activity if it meets its minimum capital requirements and the FDIC 
 determines that the activity does not present a significant risk to the Deposit Insurance 
Fund. 
 Safety and Soundness Standards / Risk Management 
 The federal banking agencies have adopted guidelines establishing 
operational and managerial standards to promote the safety 
 and soundness of federally insured depository institutions. The guidelines 
set forth standards for internal controls, information 
 systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, 
interest rate exposure, asset growth, compensation, fees 
 and benefits, asset quality and earnings. 
 In general, the safety and soundness guidelines prescribe the goals to be achieved 
in each area, and each institution is responsible 
 for establishing its own procedures to achieve those goals. If an institution fails to 
comply with any of the standards set forth in 
 the guidelines, the financial institution s 
primary federal regulator may require the institution to submit a plan for 
achieving and 
 maintaining compliance. If a financial institution fails to submit an acceptable 
compliance plan or fails in any material respect to 
 implement a compliance plan that has been accepted by its primary federal 
regulator, the regulator is required to issue an order 
 directing the institution to cure the deficiency. 
Until the deficiency cited in the regulator s order is cured, 
the regulator may 
 restrict the financial institution s 
rate of growth, require the financial institution to increase its capital, restrict the 
rates the 
 institution pays on deposits or require the institution to take any action 
the regulator deems appropriate under the circumstances. 
 Noncompliance with the standards established by the safety and soundness guidelines 
may also constitute grounds for other 
 enforcement action by the federal bank regulatory agencies, including 
cease and desist orders and civil money penalty 
 assessments. 

 The bank regulatory agencies have increasingly emphasized the importance 
of sound risk management processes and strong 
 internal controls when evaluating the activities of the financial institutions they 
supervise. Properly managing risks has been 
 identified as critical to the conduct of safe and sound banking activities and has 
become even more important as new 
 technologies, product innovation and the size and speed of financial transactions have 
changed the nature of banking markets. The 
 agencies have identified a spectrum of risks facing a banking institution including, 
but not limited to, credit, market, liquidity, 
 operational, legal and reputational risk. In particular, 
recent regulatory pronouncements have focused on operational risk, which 
 arises from the potential that inadequate information systems, operational problems, 
breaches in internal controls, fraud or 
 unforeseen catastrophes will result in unexpected losses. New products and services, 
third party risk management and 
 cybersecurity are critical sources of operational risk that financial institutions are expected 
to address in the current environment. 
 The Bank is expected to have active board and senior management oversight; adequate 
policies, procedures and limits; adequate 
 risk measurement, monitoring and management information systems; and 
comprehensive internal controls.
 Reserves 
 The Federal Reserve requires all depository institutions to maintain reserves 
against transaction accounts (noninterest bearing and 
 NOW checking accounts). The balances maintained to meet the reserve requirements 
imposed by the Federal Reserve may be 
 used to satisfy liquidity requirements. An institution may borrow from 
the Federal Reserve Bank discount window as a 
 secondary source of funds, provided that the institution meets the Federal Reserve 
Bank s credit standards. 

14 
 Dividends 
 CCB is subject to legal limitations on the frequency and amount of dividends 
that can be paid to CCBG. The Federal Reserve may 
 restrict the ability of CCB to pay dividends if such payments would constitute 
an unsafe or unsound banking practice. 
 Additionally, financial 
institutions are now required to maintain a capital conservation buffer 
of at least 2.5 of risk-weighted 
 assets in order to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and other payments. 
If a financial institution s capital conservation 
 buffer falls below the minimum requirement, its maximum payout 
amount for capital distributions and discretionary payments 
 declines to a set percentage of eligible retained income based on the 
size of the buffer. See Capital Regulations, 
below for 
 additional details on this new capital requirement. 
 In addition, Florida law and Federal regulation place restrictions on the declaration 
of dividends from state-chartered banks to 
 their holding companies. Under the Florida Financial Institutions Code, 
the board of directors of a state-chartered bank, after it 
 charges off bad debts, depreciation and other 
worthless assets, if any, and makes provisions 
for reasonably anticipated future 
 losses on loans and other assets, may quarterly, 
semi-annually or annually declare a dividend of up to the aggregate net profits of 
 that period combined with the bank s 
retained net profits for the preceding two years. In addition, with the approval of the Florida 
 Office of Financial Regulation and Federal Reserve, 
the bank s board of directors may declare a 
dividend from retained net 
 profits which accrued prior to the preceding two years. Before declaring such 
dividends, 20 of the net profits for the preceding 
 period as is covered by the dividend must be transferred to the surplus fund of the 
bank until this fund becomes equal to the 
 amount of the bank s common stock 
then issued and outstanding. However, 
a Florida state-chartered bank may not declare any 
 dividend if (i) its net income (loss) from the current year combined with the retained net 
income (loss) for the preceding two years 
 aggregates a loss or (ii) the payment of such dividend would cause the capital 
account of the bank to fall below the minimum 
 amount required by law, regulation, 
order or any written agreement with the Florida Office of Financial 
Regulation or a federal 
 regulatory agency. 
Under Federal Reserve regulations, a state member bank may, 
without the prior approval of the Federal 
 Reserve, pay a dividend in an amount that, when taken together with all dividends 
declared during the calendar year, does not 
 exceed the sum of the bank s net income 
during the current calendar year and the retained net income of the prior 
two calendar 
 years. The Federal Reserve may approve greater amounts. 
 Insurance of Accounts and Other Assessments 

 Deposits at U.S. domiciled banks are insured by the FDIC, subject to limits and conditions of 
applicable laws and regulations. 
 Our deposit accounts are insured by the Deposit Insurance Fund, or 
DIF, generally up 
to a maximum of 250,000 per separately 
 insured depositor. In order to fund 
the DIF, all insured depository 
institutions are required to pay quarterly assessments to the 
 FDIC that are based on an institutions assignment to one of four 
risk categories based on supervisory evaluations, regulatory 
 capital levels and certain other factors. 
The FDIC has the discretion to adjust an institution s 
risk rating and may terminate its 
 insurance of deposits upon a finding that the institution engaged or is engaging 
in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or 
 unsound condition to continue operations, or violated any applicable law, 
regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the 
 FDIC or written agreement entered into with the FDIC. The FDIC may also prohibit 
any FDIC-insured institution from engaging 
 in any activity it determines to pose a serious risk to the Deposit Insurance 
Fund DIF ). 
 In October 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule to increase the initial base deposit insurance 
assessment rate schedules uniformly 
 by 2 basis points beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. 
The increased assessment is expected to improve 
 the likelihood that the DIF reserve ratio would reach the statutory minimum of 
1.35 by the statutory deadline prescribed under 
 the FDIC s amended restoration 
plan. 
 Transactions with Affiliates and 
Insiders 
 Pursuant to Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation 
W, the authority 
of CCB to engage in transactions 
 with related parties or affiliates or to make loans to insiders is limited. Loan 
transactions with an affiliate generally must be 
 collateralized and certain transactions between CCB and its affiliates, 
including the sale of assets, the payment of money or the 
 provision of services, must be on terms and conditions that are substantially the same, 
or at least as favorable to CCB, as those 
 prevailing for comparable nonaffiliated transactions. In 
addition, CCB generally may not purchase securities issued or 
 underwritten by affiliates. 

15 
 Loans to executive officers and directors of an insured depository institution 
or any of its affiliates or to any person who directly 
 or indirectly, or acting 
through or in concert with one or more persons, owns, controls or has the power to vote 
more than 10 of 
 any class of voting securities of a bank, which we refer to as 10 Shareowners, 
or to any political or campaign committee the 
 funds or services of which will benefit those executive officers, directors, 
or 10 Shareowners or which is controlled by those 
 executive officers, directors or 10 Shareowners, are subject to Sections 
22(g) and 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and the 
 corresponding regulations (Regulation O) and Section 13(k) of the 
Exchange Act relating to the prohibition on personal loans to 
 executives (which exempts financial institutions in compliance with the insider 
lending restrictions of Section 22(h) of the Federal 
 Reserve Act). Among other things, these loans must be made on terms substantially 
the same as those prevailing on transactions 
 made to unaffiliated individuals and certain extensions of 
credit to those persons must first be approved in advance by a 
 disinterested majority of the entire board of directors. Section 22(h) of the Federal 
Reserve Act prohibits loans to any of those 
 individuals where the aggregate amount exceeds an amount equal to 
15 of an institution s unimpaired 
capital and surplus plus 
 an additional 10 of unimpaired capital and surplus in the case of loans that are fully 
secured by readily marketable collateral, or 
 when the aggregate amount on all of the extensions of credit outstanding 
to all of these persons would exceed our unimpaired 
 capital and unimpaired surplus. Section 22(g) identifies limited circumstances 
in which we are permitted to extend credit to 
 executive officers. 

 Community Reinvestment Act 
 The Community Reinvestment Act and its corresponding regulations are 
intended to encourage banks to help meet the credit 
 needs of the communities they serve, including low- and moderate-income 
neighborhoods, consistent with safe and sound 
 banking practices. These regulations provide for regulatory assessment of 
a bank s record in meeting the credit needs of 
its 
 market area. Federal banking agencies are required to publicly disclose each 
bank s rating under the Community 
Reinvestment 
 Act. The Federal Reserve considers a bank s 
Community Reinvestment Act rating when the bank submits an application to 
 establish bank branches, merge with another bank, or acquire 
the assets and assume the liabilities of another bank. In the case of a 
 financial holding company, 
the Community Reinvestment Act performance record of all banks involved 
in a merger or 
 acquisition are reviewed in connection with the application to acquire 
ownership or control of shares or assets of a bank or to 
 merge with another bank or bank holding company. 
An unsatisfactory record can substantially delay or block the transaction. We 
 received a satisfactory rating on our most recent Community Reinvestment 
Act assessment. 

 In 2022, the Federal Reserve, along with the FDIC and OCC, issued a Notice of 
Proposed Rulemaking NPR that invited 
 public comment on an approach to modernize the regulations relating to the 
Community Reinvestment Act to strengthen the 
 achievement of the core purpose of the statute, and to adapt to changes in the 
banking industry, including 
the expanded role of 
 mobile and online banking. We 
continue to evaluate the impact of any changes to the regulations relating to the 
Community 
 Reinvestment Act and their impact to our financial condition, results of operations, 
and liquidity, which cannot be predicted 
at 
 this time. 

 Capital Regulations 
 The federal banking regulators have adopted risk-based, capital adequacy 
guidelines for financial holding companies and their 
 subsidiary banks based on the Basel III standards. Under these guidelines, assets and off 
-balance sheet items are assigned to 
 specific risk categories each with designated risk weightings. These risk-based 
capital guidelines were designed to make 
 regulatory capital requirements more sensitive to differences 
in risk profiles among banks and bank holding companies, to 
 account for off-balance sheet exposure, to minimize disincentives 
for holding liquid assets, and to achieve greater consistency in 
 evaluating the capital adequacy of major banks throughout the world. 
The resulting capital ratios represent capital as a percentage 
 of total risk-weighted assets and off-balance sheet items. 

 In computing total risk-weighted assets, bank and bank holding company 
assets are given risk-weights of 0 , 20 , 50 , 100 
 and 150 . In addition, certain off-balance sheet items are given similar 
credit conversion factors to convert them to asset 
 equivalent amounts to which an appropriate risk-weight will apply. 
Most loans will be assigned to the 100 risk category, 
except 
 for performing first mortgage loans fully secured by 1-to-4 family and 
certain multi-family residential property, 
which carry a 
 50 risk rating. Most investment securities (including, primarily, 
general obligation claims on states or other political 
 subdivisions of the United States) will be assigned to the 20 category, 
except for municipal or state revenue bonds, which have 
 a 50 risk-weight, and direct obligations of the U.S. Treasury 
or obligations backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. 
 Government, which have a 0 risk-weight. In covering off 
-balance sheet items, direct credit substitutes, including general 
 guarantees and standby letters of credit backing financial obligations, are 
given a 100 conversion factor. Transaction 
-related 
 contingencies such as bid bonds, standby letters of credit backing nonfinancial 
obligations, and undrawn commitments (including 
 commercial credit lines with an initial maturity of more than one year) have a 
50 conversion factor. Short-term 
commercial 
 letters of credit are converted at 20 and certain short-term unconditionally 
cancelable commitments have a 0 factor. 

16 
 Under the final rules, minimum requirements increased for both the quality 
and quantity of capital held by banking organizations. 

 In this respect, the final rules implemented strict eligibility criteria for regulatory 
capital instruments and improved the 
 methodology for calculating risk-weighted assets to enhance risk sensitivity. 
Consistent with the international Basel III 
 framework, the rules included a new minimum ratio of Common Equity 
Tier 1 Capital to Risk-Weighted 
Assets of 4.5 . The 
 rules also created a Common Equity Tier 1 Capital conservation 
buffer of 2.5 of risk-weighted assets. This buffer 
is added to 
 each of the three risk-based capital ratios to determine whether an institution 
has established the buffer. 
The rules raised the 
 minimum ratio of Tier 1 Capital to Risk-Weighted 
Assets from 4 to 6 and included a minimum leverage ratio of 4 for 
all 
 banking organizations. If a financial institution s 
capital conservation buffer falls below 2.5 (e.g., 
if the institution s Common 
 Equity Tier 1 Capital to Risk-Weighted 
Assets is less than 7.0 ), then capital distributions and discretionary 
payments will be 
 limited or prohibited based on the size of the institution s 
buffer. The types of payments 
subject to this limitation include 
 dividends, share buybacks, discretionary payments on Tier 
1 instruments, and discretionary bonus payments. 
 The capital regulations may also impact the treatment of accumulated 
other comprehensive income, or AOCI, for regulatory 
 capital purposes. AOCI generally flows through to regulatory capital, however, 
community banks and their holding companies 
 were allowed a one-time irrevocable opt-out election to continue 
to treat AOCI the same as under the old regulations for 
 regulatory capital purposes. This election was required to be made on the first call 
report or bank holding company annual report 
 (on form FR Y-9C) 
filed after January 1, 2015. We 
made the opt-out election. Additionally, 
the rules also permitted community 
 banks with less than 15 billion in total assets to continue to count certain non 
-qualifying capital instruments issued prior to May 
 19, 2010, as Tier 1 capital, including trust preferred 
securities and cumulative perpetual preferred stock (subject to a limit of 25 
 of Tier 1 capital). However, 
non-qualifying capital instruments issued on or after May 19, 2010, would 
not qualify for Tier 1 
 capital treatment. 
 Commercial Real Estate Concentration Guidelines 

 The federal banking regulators have implemented guidelines to address increased 
concentrations in commercial real estate loans. 
 These guidelines describe the criteria regulatory agencies will use as indicators 
to identify institutions potentially exposed to 
 commercial real estate concentration risk. An institution that has (i) experienced 
rapid growth in commercial real estate lending, 
 (ii) notable exposure to a specific type of 
commercial real estate, (iii) total reported loans for construction, land development, 
and 
 other land representing 100 or more of total risk-based capital, or (iv) 
total commercial real estate (including construction) loans 
 representing 300 or more of total risk-based capital and the outstanding 
balance of the institutions commercial real estate 
 portfolio has increased by 50 or more in the prior 36 months, may be identified for 
further supervisory analysis of a potential 
 concentration risk. 

 At December 31, 2022, CCB s ratio of 
construction, land development and other land loans to total risk-based 
capital was 71 , 
 its ratio of total commercial real estate loans to total risk-based capital was 239 
and, therefore, CCB was under the 100 and 
 300 thresholds, respectively, 
set forth in clauses (iii) and (iv) above. 
As a result, we are not deemed to have a concentration in 
 commercial real estate lending under applicable regulatory guidelines. 
 Prompt Corrective Action 
 The federal banking agencies are required to take prompt corrective 
action with respect to financial institutions that do not meet 
 minimum capital requirements. The law establishes five categories for 
this purpose: well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, 
 undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. 
To be considered well-capitalized, 
an 
 insured depository institution must maintain minimum capital ratios and 
must not be subject to any order or written directive to 
 meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure. An institution 
that fails to remain well-capitalized becomes 
 subject to a series of restrictions that increase in severity as its capital condition weakens. Such 
restrictions may include a 
 prohibition on capital distributions, restrictions on asset growth or restrictions 
on the ability to receive regulatory approval of 
 applications. The regulations apply only to banks and not to BHCs. However, 
the Federal Reserve is authorized to take 
 appropriate action at the holding company level, based on the undercapitalized 
status of the holding company s subsidiary 
 banking institutions. In certain instances relating to an undercapitalized banking 
institution, the BHC would be required to 
 guarantee the performance of the undercapitalized subsidiary s 
capital restoration plan and could be liable for civil money 
 damages for failure to fulfill those guarantee commitments. 
 In addition, failure to meet capital requirements may cause an institution 
to be directed to raise additional capital. Federal law 
 further mandates that the agencies adopt safety and soundness standards generally 
relating to operations and management, asset 
 quality and executive compensation, and authorizes administrative action 
against an institution that fails to meet such standards. 
 Failure to meet capital guidelines may subject a banking organization 
to a variety of other enforcement remedies, including 
 additional substantial restrictions on its operations and activities, termination 
of deposit insurance by the FDIC and, under certain 
 conditions, the appointment of a conservator or receiver. 

17 
 At December 31, 2022, we exceeded the requirements contained in the applicable 
regulations, policies and directives pertaining to 
 capital adequacy to be classified as well capitalized and are unaware 
of any material violation or alleged violation of these 
 regulations, policies or directives (see table below). Rapid growth, poor 
loan portfolio performance, or poor earnings 
 performance, or a combination of these factors, could change our capital position 
in a relatively short period of time, making 
 additional capital infusions necessary. 
Our capital ratios can be found in Note 17 to the Notes to our Consolidated Financial 
 Statements. 
 Interstate Banking and Branching 
 The Dodd-Frank Act relaxed interstate branching restrictions by modifying 
the federal statute governing de novo interstate 
 branching by state member banks. Consequently, 
a state member bank may open its initial branch in a state outside of the bank s 
 home state by way of an interstate bank branch, so long as a bank chartered under the 
laws of that state would be permitted to 
 open a branch at that location. 

 Anti-money Laundering 
 The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools 
Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism 
Act of 
 2001 (the USA Patriot Act ), provides the federal government with additional 
powers to address terrorist threats through 
 enhanced domestic security measures, expanded surveillance powers, 
increased information sharing and broadened anti-money 
 laundering requirements. By way of amendments to the Bank Secrecy 
Act, or BSA, the USA Patriot Act puts in place measures 
 intended to encourage information sharing among bank regulatory and 
law enforcement agencies. In addition, certain provisions 
 of the USA Patriot Act impose affirmative obligations on a broad range 
of financial institutions. 
 The USA Patriot Act, and BSA Acts and the related federal regulations require 
banks to establish anti-money laundering 
 programs that include policies, procedures and controls to detect, prevent 
and report money laundering and terrorist financing and 
 to verify the identity of their customers and of beneficial owners of their legal entity customers. 
 The Anti-Money Laundering Act AMLA ), which amends the BSA, was enacted 
in early 2021. The AMLA is intended to be a 
 comprehensive reform and modernization of U.S. bank secrecy and 
anti-money laundering laws. In particular, 
it codifies a risk-
 based approach to anti-money laundering compliance for financial institutions, 
requires the U.S. Department of the Treasury to 
 promulgate priorities for anti-money laundering and countering the 
financing of terrorism policy, 
requires the development of 
 standards for testing technology and internal processes for BSA compliance, 
expands enforcement- 
and investigation-related 
 authority (including increasing available sanctions for certain BSA violations), 
and expands BSA whistleblower incentives and 
 protections. 

 Many AMLA provisions will require additional rulemakings, reports 
and other measures, and the impact of the AMLA will 
 depend on, among other things, rulemaking and implementation guidance. 
In June 2021, the Financial Crimes Enforcement 
 Network, a bureau of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, 
issued the priorities for anti-money laundering and countering the 
 financing of terrorism policy required under the AMLA. The priorities 
include corruption, cybercrime, terrorist financing, fraud, 
 transnational crime, drug trafficking, human trafficking 
and proliferation financing. 
 There is also increased scrutiny of compliance with the sanctions programs 
and rules administered and enforced by the Office of 
 Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury, 
or OFAC. OFAC 
administers and enforces economic and trade 
 sanctions against targeted foreign countries and regimes, terrorists, international 
narcotics traffickers, those engaged in activities 
 related to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, and other threats to 
the national security, foreign 
policy or economy of 
 the United States, based on U.S. foreign policy and national security goals. 
OFAC issues regulations 
that restrict transactions by 
 U.S. persons or entities (including banks), located in the U.S. or abroad, 
with certain foreign countries, their nationals or 
 specially designated nationals. OFAC 
regularly publishes listings of foreign countries and designated 
nationals that are 
 prohibited from conducting business with any U.S. entity or individual. While OFAC 
is responsible for promulgating, developing 
 and administering these controls and sanctions, all of the bank regulatory 
agencies are responsible for ensuring that financial 
 institutions comply with these regulations. 
 Privacy 
 A variety of federal and state privacy laws govern the collection, safeguarding, sharing 
and use of customer information, and 
 require that financial institutions have policies regarding information privacy 
and security. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley 
Act and 
 related regulations require banks and their affiliated companies to 
adopt and disclose privacy policies, including policies 
 regarding the sharing of personal information with third parties. Some state laws also 
protect the privacy of information of state 
 residents and require adequate security of such data, and certain state laws may require 
us to notify affected individuals of 
 security breaches of computer databases that contain their personal information. 
These laws may also require us to notify law 
 enforcement, regulators or consumer reporting agencies in the event 
of a data breach, as well as businesses and governmental 
 agencies that own data. 

18 
 Overdraft Fee Regulation
 The Electronic Fund Transfer Act prohibits 
financial institutions from charging consumers fees for paying overdrafts 
on 
 automated teller machines, or ATM, 
and one-time debit card transactions, unless a consumer consents, or opts 
in, to the overdraft 
 service for those type of transactions. 
If a consumer does not opt in, any ATM 
transaction or debit that overdraws the consumer s 
 account will be denied. 
Overdrafts on the payment of checks and regular electronic bill payments are not 
covered by this new 
 rule. 
Before opting in, the consumer must be provided a notice that explains the financial institution s 
overdraft services, 
 including the fees associated with the service, and the consumer s 
choices. 
Financial institutions must provide consumers who do 
 not opt in with the same account terms, conditions and features (including pricing) 
that they provide to consumers who do opt in. 

 Consumer Laws and Regulations 
 CCB is also subject to other federal and state consumer laws and regulations 
that are designed to protect consumers in 
 transactions with banks. While the list set forth below is not exhaustive, 
these laws and regulations include the Truth in Lending 
 Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Electronic 
Fund Transfer Act, the Expedited Funds Availability 
Act, the Check Clearing for the 
 21st Century Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the 
Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the 
 Fair Housing Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Fair and 
Accurate Credit Transactions Act, the Mortgage Disclosure 
 Improvement Act, and the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, among 
others. These laws and regulations mandate certain 
 disclosures and regulate the manner in which financial institutions must deal 
with clients when taking deposits or making loans to 
 clients. CCB must comply with these consumer protection laws and regulations as part 
of its ongoing client relations. 

 In addition, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau issues regulations and 
standards under these federal consumer protection 
 laws that affect our consumer businesses. These include regulations 
setting ability to repay standards for residential mortgage 
 loans and mortgage loan servicing and originator compensation standards, 
which generally require creditors to make a reasonable, 
 good faith determination of a consumer s ability 
to repay any consumer credit transaction secured by a dwelling (excluding an 
 open-end credit plan, timeshare plan, reverse mortgage, or temporary loan) 
and establishes certain protections from liability under 
 this requirement for loans that meet the requirements of the qualified mortgage 
safe harbor. Also, the more recent 
TILA-
 RESPA Integrated 
Disclosure, or TRID, rules for mortgage closings have impacted our loan applications. 
These rules, including 
 the required loan forms, generally increased the time it takes to approve mortgage 
loans. 
 Future Legislative Developments
 Various 
bills are from time to time introduced in Congress and the Florida legislature. This legislation 
may change banking and 
 tax statutes and the environment in which our banking subsidiary and we operate 
in substantial and unpredictable ways. We 
 cannot determine the ultimate effect that potential legislation, 
if enacted, or implementing regulations with respect thereto, would 
 have upon our financial condition or results of operations or that of 
our banking subsidiary. 
 Legislative and Regulatory Responses 
to the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and 
Economic Security Act, or CARES Act, 
which came into law in 2020, 
was a 2.2 trillion 
 economic stimulus bill that was 
intended to provide relief in 
response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
The CARES Act, among other 
 things, amended the SBA s loan program, in which the Bank participates, to 
create a guaranteed, unsecured 
loan program (the 
 PPP to fund operational costs 
of eligible businesses, organizations 
and self-employed persons during 
COVID-19. The PPP 
 authorized financial institutions 
to make federally guaranteed 
loans to qualifying small businesses 
and non-profit organizations. 
 These loans carry an interest 
rate of 1 per annum and a maturity 
of two years for loans originated 
prior to June 5, 2020 and 
five 
 years for loans originated on 
or after June 5, 2020. The PPP 
provides that such loans may 
be forgiven if the borrowers meet 
certain 
 requirements with respect to 
maintaining employee headcount and 
payroll and the use of the loan 
proceeds after the loan is 
 originated. Although the PPP ended 
in accordance with its terms 
on May 31, 2021, outstanding PPP 
loans continue to go through 
 the process of either obtaining 
forgiveness from the SBA or pursuing 
claims under the SBA guaranty. 

 There have also been a number of 
regulatory actions intended 
to help mitigate the 
adverse economic impact of 
the COVID-19 
 pandemic on borrowers, including 
several mandates from the 
bank regulatory agencies, requiring 
financial institutions to 
work 
 constructively with borrowers 
affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
While these programs have 
generally expired, governmental 
 authorities may take additional 
actions in the future to 
limit the adverse impacts 
of COVID-19 that may affect the Bank 
and its 
 clients. 

19 
 Effect of Governmental Monetary Policies 
 The commercial banking business is affected not only by general 
economic conditions, but also by the monetary policies of the 
 Federal Reserve. Changes in the discount rate on member bank borrowing, 
availability of borrowing at the discount window, 
 open market operations, changes in the Fed Funds target 
interest rate, changes in interest rates payable on reserve accounts, the 
 imposition of changes in reserve requirements against member banks deposits 
and assets of foreign banking centers and the 
 imposition of and changes in reserve requirements against certain borrowings 
by banks and their affiliates are some of the 
 instruments of monetary policy available to the Federal Reserve. These monetary 
policies are used in varying combinations to 
 influence overall growth and distributions of bank loans, investments and deposits, 
which may affect interest rates charged on 
 loans or paid on deposits. The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve have 
had a significant effect on the operating results of 
 commercial banks and are expected to continue to do so in the future. 
The Federal Reserve s policies are primarily 
influenced by 
 its dual mandate of price stability and full employment, and to a lesser degree by short 
-term and long-term changes in the 
 international trade balance and in the fiscal policies of the U.S. Government. Future 
changes in monetary policy and the effect of 
 such changes on our business and earnings in the future cannot be predicted. 
 Website Access to Company s 
Reports 
 Our Internet website is www.ccbg.com. 
Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, 
current reports on 
 Form 8-K, including any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant 
to section 13(a) or 15(d), and reports filed 
 pursuant to Section 16, 13(d), and 13(g) of the Exchange Act are available 
free of charge through our website as soon as 
 reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished 
to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
The 
 information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this report. 

20 
 Item 1A. 
Risk Factors 
 An investment in our common stock contains a high degree 
of risk. You should 
consider carefully the following risk factors before 
 deciding whether to invest in our common stock. Our business, including our operating 
results and financial condition, could be 
 harmed by any of these risks. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently 
known to us or that we currently deem to be 
 immaterial also may materially and adversely affect our business. The trading 
price of our common stock could decline due to 
 any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. In assessing these risks, 
you should also refer to the other 
 information contained in our filings with the SEC, including our financial 
statements and related notes.
 Market Risks 
 We may incur losses if we are 
unable to successfully manage interest rate risk. 
 Our profitability depends to a large extent on Capital City Bank s 
net interest income, which is the difference between income on 
 interest-earning assets, such as loans and investment securities, and 
expense on interest-bearing liabilities such as deposits and 
 borrowings. We 
are unable to predict changes in market interest rates, which are affected 
by many factors beyond our control, 
 including inflation, recession, unemployment, federal funds 
target rate, money supply, 
domestic and international events and 
 changes in the United States and other financial markets. Our net interest income 
may be reduced if: (i) more interest-earning 
 assets than interest-bearing liabilities reprice or mature during a time when 
interest rates are declining or (ii) more interest-bearing 
 liabilities than interest-earning assets reprice or mature during a time when 
interest rates are rising. 
 Changes in the difference between short-term 
and long-term interest rates may also harm our business. We 
generally use short-
 term deposits to fund longer-term assets. When interest rates change, 
assets and liabilities with shorter terms reprice more quickly 
 than those with longer terms, which could have a material adverse effect 
on our net interest margin. During 2022, the Federal 
 Reserve raised the federal funds rate seven times for a cumulative increase of 
4.25 and has signaled that it expects not to reduce 
 the federal funds rate in the near-term. Prior to 2022, the Federal 
Reserve had not raised the federal funds rate since December 
 2018. The increase in the federal funds rate could have an adverse effect 
on our net interest income and profitability. 
If market 
 interest rates continue to rise rapidly, 
interest rate adjustment caps may also limit increases in the interest rates on adjustable 
rate 
 loans, which could further reduce our net interest income. Further, 
increased price competition for deposits resulting from the 
 return to a historically normal interest rate environment could adversely 
affect our net interest margin. 
 Although we continuously monitor interest rates and have a number 
of tools to manage our interest rate risk exposure, changes in 
 market assumptions regarding future interest rates could significantly impact our 
interest rate risk strategy, our financial 
position 
 and results of operations. If we do not properly monitor our interest rate risk management 
strategies, these activities may not 
 effectively mitigate our interest rate sensitivity or have the desired 
impact on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 Interest rates and economic conditions affect consumer 
demand for housing and can create volatility in the mortgage industry. 

 These risks can have a material impact on the volume of mortgage originations 
and refinancings, adversely affecting mortgage 
 banking revenues and the profitability of our mortgage banking business. 

 See Item 7. 
Management s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations under the section captioned 
 Net Interest Income and Market Risk and Interest Rate Sensitivity elsewhere 
in this report for further discussion related to 
 interest rate sensitivity and our management of interest rate risk. 
 The fair value of our investments could decline which would cause a reduction 
in shareowners equity. 
 A portion of our investment securities portfolio 
(38.5 at December 31, 2022 has been designated as available-for-sale pursuant 
 to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles relating to accounting for 
investments. Such principles require that unrealized 
 gains and losses in the estimated value of the available-for-sale 
portfolio be marked to market and reflected as a separate item in 
 shareowners equity (net of tax) as accumulated other comprehensive 
income/losses. Shareowners equity will continue to reflect 
 the unrealized gains and losses (net of tax) of these investments. The fair value 
of our investment portfolio may decline, causing a 
 corresponding decline in shareowners equity. 
 Management believes that several factors will affect the 
fair values of our investment portfolio. These include, but are not limited 
 to, changes in interest rates or expectations of changes in interest rates, the degree 
of volatility in the securities markets, inflation 
 rates or expectations of inflation and the slope of the interest rate yield curve 
(the yield curve refers to the differences between 
 short-term and long-term interest rates; a positively sloped yield curve means short 
-term rates are lower than long-term rates). 
 These and other factors may impact specific categories of the portfolio differently, 
and we cannot predict the effect these factors 
 may have on any specific category. 

21 
 Inflationary pressures and rising prices may 
affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Inflation rose sharply at the end of 2021 and continued rising in 2022 at levels not 
seen for over 40 years. Inflationary pressures 
 are currently expected to remain elevated throughout 2023. Small to medium 
-sized businesses may be impacted more during 
 periods of high inflation as they are not able to leverage economics of scale to 
mitigate cost pressures compared to larger 
 businesses. Consequently, 
the ability of our business customers to repay their loans may deteriorate, and in some 
cases this 
 deterioration may occur quickly, 
which would adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
Furthermore, a 
 prolonged period of inflation could cause wages and other costs to further 
increase which could adversely affect our results of 
 operations and financial condition. Sustained higher interest rates by 
the Federal Reserve may be needed to tame persistent 
 inflationary price pressures, which could push down asset prices and weaken 
economic activity. A deterioration 
in economic 
 conditions in the United States and our markets could result in an increas 
e 
in loan delinquencies and non-performing assets, 
 decreases in loan collateral values and a decrease in demand for our products and 
services, all of which, in turn, would adversely 
 affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The impact of interest rates on our mortgage banking business can 
have a significant impact on revenues.
 Changes in interest rates can impact our mortgage-related revenues and net revenues 
associated with our mortgage activities. 
A 
 decline in mortgage rates generally increases the demand for mortgage loans 
as borrowers refinance, but also generally leads to 
 accelerated payoffs. Conversely, 
in a constant or increasing rate environment, we would expect fewer loans to be refinanced 
and a 
 decline in payoffs. Although we use models to assess the impact 
of interest rates on mortgage-related revenues, the estimates of 
 revenues produced by these models are dependent on estimates and assumptions 
of future loan demand, prepayment speeds and 
 other factors which may differ from actual subsequent 
experience. 
 Shares of our common stock are not an insured 
deposit and may lose value.
 The shares of our common stock are not a bank deposit and will not be insured or 
guaranteed by the FDIC or any other 
 government agency. 
Your 
investment will be subject to investment risk, and you must be capable of affording the 
loss of your 
 entire investment. 
 Limited trading activity for shares of our common stock may 
contribute to price volatility. 
 While our common stock is listed and traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, there 
has historically been limited trading 
 activity in our common stock. 
The average daily trading volume of our common stock over the 12-month 
period ending 
 December 31, 2022 was approximately 27,987 shares. Due to the limited 
trading activity of our common stock, relativity small 
 trades may have a significant impact on the price of our common stock. 
 Securities analysts may not initiate coverage or continue to cover our common 
stock, and this may have a negative impact 
 on its market price. 
 The trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research 
and reports that securities analysts publish about us 
 and our business. We do 
not have any control over securities analysts, and they may not initiate coverage 
or continue to cover our 
 common stock. If securities analysts do not cover our common stock, the lack 
of research coverage may adversely affect its 
 market price. If we are covered by securities analysts, and our common stock is the subject of 
an unfavorable report, our stock 
 price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases to cover our Company 
or fails to publish regular reports on us, 
 we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which may cause our 
stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 We may be adversely 
impacted by the transition from LIBOR as a reference 
rate.

The United Kingdom s Financial Conduct 
Authority and the administrator of LIBOR have announced that the publication 
of the 
 most commonly used U.S. dollar London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR 
settings will cease to be published or cease to be 
 representative after June 30, 2023. 
The publication of all other LIBOR settings ceased to be published as of December 31, 
2021. 

 Given consumer protection, litigation, and reputation risks, the bank regulatory 
agencies have indicated that entering into new 
 contracts that use LIBOR as a reference rate after December 31, 2021, would 
create safety and soundness risks and that they will 
 examine bank practices accordingly. 
Therefore, the agencies encouraged banks to cease entering into new contracts that use 
 LIBOR as a reference rate as soon as practicable and in any event by December 31, 
2021. 
Prior to December 31, 2021, we 
 discontinued originating LIBOR-based loans. 

22 
 At December 31, 2022, we have 112 loans 
totaling approximately 71 million that are indexed to LIBOR. 
We believe our 
current 
 portfolio of LIBOR based loan contracts contain the necessary fallback language, 
however, the timing and manner in which each 
 customer s contract 
transitions to a replacement index will vary on a case-by-case basis. 
We also have 33 
million in floating rate 
 investment securities that are indexed to LIBOR. 
We are currently 
evaluating fallback language for each investment security. 

 Lastly, we have two floating 
rate subordinated debenture notes totaling 53 million and a related interest rate swap 
contract for 
 30 million that are indexed to LIBOR (Refer to Note 12 Long Term 
Borrowings and Note 5 Derivatives in our Consolidated 
 Financial Statements). 
Effective June 30, 2023, in accordance with the trust agreement 
and the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) 
 Act of 2021, LIBOR will be replaced with 3-month CME term SOFR (secured overnight 
financing rate) as the interest rate index 
 for these notes. 
The interest rate swap contract adheres to the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association s protocol which 
 requires conversion to the fallback SOFR rate at the time of LIBOR cessation. 
Since replacement rates are calculated differently, 
 payments under contracts referencing new rates will differ 
from those referencing LIBOR, which may lead to increased volatility 
 as compared to LIBOR. 
 Credit Risks 
 Our loan portfolio includes loans with a higher risk of loss which could lead to higher loan 
losses and nonperforming 
 assets.
 We originate 
commercial real estate loans, commercial loans, construction loans, vacant land 
loans, consumer loans, and 
 residential mortgage loans primarily within our market area. Commercial 
real estate, commercial, construction, vacant land, and 
 consumer loans may expose a lender to greater credit risk than traditional 
fixed-rate fully amortizing loans secured by single-
 family residential real estate because the collateral securing these loans may 
not be sold as easily as single-family residential real 
 estate. In addition, these loan types tend to involve larger loan balances 
to a single borrower or groups of related borrowers and 
 are more susceptible to a risk of loss during a downturn in the business cycle. These 
loans also have historically had greater credit 
 risk than other loans for the following reasons: 
 
 Commercial Real Estate Loans
 . Repayment is dependent on income being generated in amounts sufficient 
to cover 
 operating expenses and debt service. These loans also involve greater risk because 
they are generally not fully amortizing 
 over the loan period, but rather have a balloon payment due at maturity. 
A borrower s ability to make a balloon payment 
 typically will depend on the borrower s ability to either 
refinance the loan or timely sell the underlying property. 
At 
 December 31, 2022, commercial mortgage loans comprised approximately 
31.0 of our total loan portfolio. 
 
 Commercial Loans
 . Repayment is generally dependent upon the successful operation of the borrower s 
business. In 
 addition, the collateral securing the loans may depreciate over time, be 
difficult to appraise, be illiquid, or fluctuate in 
 value based on the success of the business. At December 31, 2022, commercial loans 
comprised approximately 9.8 of 
 our total loan portfolio. 
 
 Construction Loans
 . The risk of loss is largely dependent on our initial estimate of whether 
the property s value at 
 completion equals or exceeds the cost of property construction and the availability 
of take-out financing. During the 
 construction phase, a number of factors can result in delays or cost overruns. If 
our estimate is inaccurate or if actual 
 construction costs exceed estimates, the value of the property securing our 
loan may be insufficient to ensure full 
 repayment when completed through a permanent loan, sale of the property, 
or by seizure of collateral. 
At December 31, 
 2022, construction loans comprised approximately 9.3 of our total loan portfolio. 
 
 Vacant 
Land Loans
 . Because vacant or unimproved land is generally held by the borrower 
for investment purposes or 
 future use, payments on loans secured by vacant or unimproved land will typically 
rank lower in priority to the borrower 
 than a loan the borrower may have on their primary residence or business. These loans 
are susceptible to adverse 
 conditions in the real estate market and local economy. 
At December 31, 2022, vacant land loans comprised 
 approximately 3.28 of our total loan portfolio. 
 
 HELOCs
 . Our open-ended home equity loans have an interest-only draw period 
followed by a five-year repayment 
 period of 0.75 of the principal balance monthly and a balloon payment 
at maturity. Upon the commencement 
of the 
 repayment period, the monthly payment can increase significantly, 
thus, there is a heightened risk that the borrower will 
 be unable to pay the increased payment. Further, 
these loans also involve greater risk because they are generally not fully 
 amortizing over the loan period, but rather have a balloon payment due 
at maturity. 
A borrower s ability to make a 
 balloon payment may depend on the borrower s ability 
to either refinance the loan or timely sell the underlying property. 

 At December 31, 2022, HELOCs comprised approximately 8.2 of 
our total loan portfolio. 

23 
 
 Consumer Loans
 . Consumer loans (such as automobile loans and personal lines of 
credit) are collateralized, if at all, 
 with assets that may not provide an adequate source of payment of the loan due 
to depreciation, damage, or loss. At 
 December 31, 2022, consumer loans comprised approximately 12.9 
of our total loan portfolio, with indirect auto loans 
 making up a majority of this portfolio at approximately 93.3 of the total 
balance. 
 The increased risks associated with these types of loans result in a correspondingly 
higher probability of default on such loans (as 
 compared to fixed-rate fully amortizing single-family real estate loans). Loan 
defaults would likely increase our loan losses and 
 nonperforming assets and could adversely affect our allowance 
for loan losses and our results of operations. 
 Our loan portfolio is heavily concentrated in mortgage loans secured 
by properties in Florida and Georgia which causes 
 our risk of loss to be higher than if we had a more geographically diversified 
portfolio. 

 Our interest-earning assets are heavily concentrated in mortgage loans secured 
by real estate, particularly real estate located in 
 Florida and Georgia. 
At December 31, 2022, approximately 77 of our loans included real estate as a primary, 
secondary, or 
 tertiary component of collateral. The real estate collateral in each case provides 
an alternate source of repayment in the event of 
 default by the borrower; however, the value 
of the collateral may decline during the time the credit is extended. If we are required 
 to liquidate the collateral securing a loan during a period of reduced real estate 
values to satisfy the debt, our earnings and capital 
 could be adversely affected. 
 Additionally, at December 
31, 2022, a significant number of our loans secured by real estate are secured by commercial and 
 residential properties located in Florida and Georgia. The 
concentration of our loans in these areas subjects us to risk that a 
 downturn in the economy or recession in these areas could result in a decrease in 
loan originations and increases in delinquencies 
 and foreclosures, which would more greatly affect us than 
if our lending were more geographically diversified. In addition, since 
 a large portion of our portfolio is secured by properties located 
in Florida and Georgia, the occurrence of a natural disaster, 
such 
 as a hurricane, or a man-made disaster could result in a decline in loan originations, 
a decline in the value or destruction of 
 mortgaged properties and an increase in the risk of delinquencies, foreclosures 
or loss on loans originated by us. We 
may suffer 
 further losses due to the decline in the value of the properties underlying our 
mortgage loans, which would have an adverse 
 impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our concentration in loans secured by real estate 
may increase our credit losses, which would negatively 
affect our 
 financial results. 

 Due to the lack of diversified industry within some of the markets served by CCB and the relatively 
close proximity of our 
 geographic markets, we have both geographic concentrations as well as concentrations 
in the types of loans funded. Specifically, 
 due to the nature of our markets, a significant portion of the portfolio has historically 
been secured with real estate. At December 
 31, 2022, approximately 33 and 44 of our 2.525 billion loan 
portfolio was secured by commercial real estate and residential 
 real estate, respectively. 
As of this same date, approximately 9 was secured by property under 
construction. 
 In the event we are required to foreclose on a property securing one of our mortgage 
loans or otherwise pursue our remedies in 
 order to protect our investment, we may be unable to recover funds in an amount 
equal to our projected return on our investment 
 or in an amount sufficient to prevent a loss to us due to prevailing economic 
conditions, real estate values and other factors 
 associated with the ownership of real property. 
As a result, the market value of the real estate or other collateral underlying our 
 loans may not, at any given time, be sufficient to satisfy the outstanding 
principal amount of the loans, and consequently, 
we 
 would sustain loan losses. 
 An inadequate allowance for credit losses would reduce our 
earnings. 
 We are exposed 
to the risk that our clients may be unable to repay their loans according to their terms and 
that any collateral 
 securing the payment of their loans may not be sufficient 
to assure full repayment. This could result in credit losses that are 
 inherent in the lending business. We 
evaluate the collectability of our loan portfolio and provide an allowance 
for credit losses 
 that we believe is adequate based upon such factors as: 
 
 the risk characteristics of various classifications of loans; 
 
 previous loan loss experience; 
 
 specific loans that have loss potential; 
 
 delinquency trends; 
 
 estimated fair market value of the collateral; 
 
 current and future economic conditions; and 
 
 geographic and industry loan concentrations. 

24 
 At December 31, 2022, our allowance for credit losses for loans held for 
investment was 24.7 million, which represented 
 approximately 0.982 of our total loans held for investment. 
We had 2.3 
million in nonaccruing loans at December 31, 2022. 

 The allowance is based on management s 
reasonable estimate and may not prove sufficient to cover future loan 
losses. 
Although 
 management uses the best information available to make determinations 
with respect to the allowance for credit losses, future 
 adjustments may be necessary if economic conditions differ substantially 
from the assumptions used or adverse developments 
 arise with respect to our nonperforming or performing loans. 
In addition, regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their 
 examination process, periodically review our estimated losses on loans. 
Our regulators may require us to recognize additional 
 losses based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of 
their examination. 
Accordingly, the allowance 
 for credit losses may not be adequate to cover all future loan losses and significant increases 
to the allowance may be required in 
 the future if, for example, economic conditions worsen. 
A material increase in our allowance for credit losses would adversely 
 impact our net income and capital in future periods, while having the effect 
of overstating our current period earnings. 
 We may incur significant costs associated 
with the ownership of real property 
as a result of foreclosures, which could 
 reduce our net income. 
 Since we originate loans secured by real estate, we may have to foreclose on the 
collateral property to protect our investment and 
 may thereafter own and operate such property, 
in which case we would be exposed to the risks inherent in the ownership of real 
 estate. 
 The amount that we, as a mortgagee, may realize after a foreclosure is dependent 
upon factors outside of our control, including, 
 but not limited to: 
 
 general or local economic conditions; 
 
 environmental cleanup liability; 
 
 neighborhood values; 
 
 interest rates; 
 
 real estate tax rates; 
 
 operating expenses of the mortgaged properties; 
 
 supply of and demand for rental units or properties; 
 
 ability to obtain and maintain adequate occupancy of the properties; 
 
 zoning laws; 
 
 governmental rules, regulations and fiscal policies; and 
 
 acts of God. 
 Certain expenditures associated with the ownership of real estate, including 
real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance costs, 
 may adversely affect the income from the real estate. Furthermore, 
we may need to advance funds to continue to operate or to 
 protect these assets. As a result, the cost of operating real property 
assets may exceed the rental income earned from such 
 properties or we may be required to dispose of the real property at a loss. 

25 
 Liquidity Risks 
 Liquidity risk could impair our ability to fund operations and jeopardize our financial 
condition.
 Effective liquidity management is essential for the operation of 
our business. We 
require sufficient liquidity to meet client loan 
 requests, client deposit maturities and withdrawals, payments on our debt obligations 
as they come due and other cash 
 commitments under both normal operating conditions and other unpredictable 
circumstances causing industry or general financial 
 market stress. If we are unable to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, 
earnings and other sources, it could have a substantial 
 negative effect on our liquidity. 
In particular, a majority of our liabilities during 
2022 were checking accounts and other liquid 
 deposits, which are generally payable on demand or upon short notice. 
By comparison, a substantial majority of our assets were 
 loans, which cannot generally be called or sold in the same time frame. Although 
we have historically been able to replace 
 maturing deposits and advances as necessary, 
we might not be able to replace such funds in the future, especially if a large 
 number of our depositors seek to withdraw their accounts at the same time, regardless 
of the reason. Our access to funding 
 sources in amounts adequate to finance our activities on terms that are acceptable 
to us could be impaired by factors that affect us 
 specifically or the financial services industry or economy in general. 
Factors that could negatively impact our access to liquidity 
 sources include a decrease in the level of our business activity as a result of a downturn 
in the markets in which our loans are 
 concentrated, adverse regulatory action against us, or our inability to attract 
and retain deposits. Our access to deposits may be 
 negatively impacted by, 
among other factors, periods of low interest rates or high interest rates. 
Periods of high interest rates 
 could promote increased competition for deposits, including from new 
financial technology competitors, or provide customers 
 with alternative investment options. 
Our ability to borrow could also be impaired by factors that are not specific to us, such 
as a 
 disruption in the financial markets or negative views and expectations about 
the prospects for the financial services industry. 
If we 
 are unable to maintain adequate liquidity, 
it could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations 
or financial 
 condition. 
 We may be unable to pay dividends in the future. 
 In 2022, our Board of Directors declared four quarterly cash dividends. 
Declarations of any future dividends will be contingent on 
 our ability to earn sufficient profits and to remain well capitalized, 
including our ability to hold and generate sufficient capital to 
 comply with the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
conservation buffer requirement. In addition, due to our contractual obligations 
 with the holders of our trust preferred securities, if we defer the payment of accrued interest 
owed to the holders of our trust 
 preferred securities, we may not make dividend payments to our 
shareowners. 
 Further, under applicable statutes and regulations, 
CCB s board of directors, 
after charging-off bad debts, depreciation and other 
 worthless assets, if any, 
and making provisions for reasonably anticipated future losses on loans and other assets, 
may quarterly, 
 semi-annually, or 
annually declare and pay dividends to CCBG of up to the aggregate net income 
of that period combined with 
 the CCB s retained net income for 
the preceding two years and, with the approval of the Florida Office of Financial 
Regulation 
 and Federal Reserve, declare a dividend from retained net income which accrued 
prior to the preceding two years. 
Additional 
 state laws generally applicable to Florida corporations may also limit our ability 
to declare and pay dividends. Thus, our ability to 
 fund future dividends may be restricted by state and federal laws and regulations. 

 Regulatory and Compliance Risks
 We are subject to 
extensive regulation, which could restrict our activities 
and impose financial requirements or limitations 
 on the conduct of our business. 
 We 
 are subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination 
by our regulators, including the Florida Office of Financial 
 Regulation, the Federal Reserve, and the FDIC. Our compliance with 
these industry regulations is costly and restricts certain of 
 our activities, including payment of dividends, mergers 
and acquisitions, investments, lending and interest rates charged on 
loans, 
 interest rates paid on deposits, access to capital and brokered deposits and locations 
of banking offices. If we are unable to meet 
 these regulatory requirements, our financial condition, liquidity and results of 
operations would be materially and adversely 
 affected. 
 Our activities are also regulated under consumer protection laws applicable 
to our lending, deposit and other activities. Many of 
 these regulations are intended primarily for the protection of our 
depositors and the Deposit Insurance Fund and not for the 
 benefit of our shareowners. In addition to the regulations of the bank regulatory 
agencies, as a member of the Federal Home Loan 
 Bank of Atlanta FHLB ), we must also comply with applicable regulations 
of the Federal Housing Finance Agency and the 
 Federal Home Loan Bank. 

26 
 Our failure to comply with these laws and regulations could subject us to restrictions 
on our business activities, fines and other 
 penalties, any of which could adversely affect our results of 
operations, capital base and the price of our securities. Further, 
any 
 new laws, rules and regulations could make compliance more difficult 
or expensive or otherwise adversely affect our business and 
 financial condition. Please refer to the Section entitled Business Regulatory 
Considerations on page 10. 
 U.S. federal banking agencies may require us to increase 
our regulatory capital, long-term debt or liquidity requirements, 
 which could result in the need to issue additional qualifying securities or to 
take other actions, such as to sell company 
 assets. 
 We are subject to 
U.S. regulatory capital and liquidity rules. These rules, among other things, establish minimum 
requirements to 
 qualify as a well-capitalized institution. If CCB fails to maintain its status as well capitalized 
under the applicable regulatory 
 capital rules, the Federal Reserve will require us to agree to bring the bank back to 
well-capitalized status. For the duration of 
 such an agreement, the Federal Reserve may impose restrictions on our 
activities. If we were to fail to enter into or comply with 
 such an agreement or fail to comply with the terms of such agreement, the Federal 
Reserve may impose more severe restrictions 
 on our activities, including requiring us to cease and desist activities permitted 
under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956. 
 Capital and liquidity requirements are frequently introduced and amended. 
It is possible that regulators may increase regulatory 
 capital requirements, change how regulatory capital is calculated or increase liquidity 
requirements. 

 In 2013, the Federal Reserve Board released its final rules which implement 
in the United States the Basel III regulatory capital 
 reforms from the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and certain 
changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act. Under the final 
 rule, minimum requirements increased for both the quality and quantity of capital held 
by banking organizations. Consistent with 
 the international Basel framework, the rule includes a new minimum 
ratio of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, or CET1, to Risk-
 Weighted Assets, or 
RWA, 
of 4.5 and a CET1 conservation buffer of 2.5 of RWA 
(which was fully phased-in in 2019) that 
 apply to all supervised financial institutions. 
The CET1 conservation buffer requirement requires us 
to hold additional CET1 
 capital in excess of the minimum required to meet the CET1 to RWA 
ratio requirement. The rule also, among other things, raised 
 the minimum ratio of Tier 1 Capital to RWA 
from 4 to 6 and included a minimum leverage ratio of 4 for all banking 
 organizations. The impact of the new capital rules requires us to maintain 
higher levels of capital, which we expect will lower our 
 return on equity. Additionally, 
if our CET1 to RWA 
ratio does not exceed the minimum required plus the additional CET1 
 conservation buffer, 
we may be restricted in our ability to pay dividends or make other distributions of capital to our shareowners. 
 Further changes to and compliance with the regulatory capital and liquidity requirements 
may impact our operations by requiring 
 us to liquidate assets, increase borrowings, issue additional equity or other 
securities, cease or alter certain operations, sell 
 company assets or hold highly liquid assets, which may adversely affect 
our results of operations. We 
may be prohibited from 
 taking capital actions such as paying or increasing dividends or repurchasing 
securities. 
 Changes in accounting standards or assumptions in applying accounting policies 
could adversely affect us. 
 Our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report 
our financial condition and results of 
 operations. Some of these policies require use of estimates and assumptions 
that may affect the reported value of our assets or 
 liabilities and results of operations and are critical because they require management 
to make difficult, subjective and complex 
 judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. If those assumptions, 
estimates or judgments were incorrectly made, we 
 could be required to correct and restate prior-period financial statements. Accounting 
standard-setters and those who interpret the 
 accounting standards, the SEC, banking regulators and our independent 
registered public accounting firm may also amend or even 
 reverse their previous interpretations or positions on how various standards 
should be applied. These changes may be difficult to 
 predict and could impact how we prepare and report our financial statements. In 
some cases, we could be required to apply a new 
 or revised standard retrospectively, 
resulting in us revising prior-period financial statements. 

Florida financial institutions, such as CCB, face a higher risk of noncompliance 
and enforcement actions with the Bank 
 Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations.
 Since September 11, 2001, banking regulators 
have intensified their focus on anti-money laundering and Bank Secrecy Act 
 compliance requirements, particularly the anti-money laundering 
provisions of the USA PATRIOT 
Act. There is also increased 
 scrutiny of compliance with the rules enforced by the Office of Foreign 
Assets Control, or OFAC. Since 2004, 
federal banking 
 regulators and examiners have been extremely aggressive in their supervision 
and examination of financial institutions located in 
 the State of Florida with respect to the institution s 
Bank Secrecy Act/anti-money laundering compliance. Consequently, 
 numerous formal enforcement actions have been instituted against financial 
institutions. If CCB s policies, procedures 
and 
 systems are deemed deficient or the policies, procedures and systems of the 
financial institutions that it has already acquired or 
 may acquire in the future are deficient, CCB would be subject to liability, 
including fines and regulatory actions such as 
 restrictions on its ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory 
approvals to proceed with certain aspects of its 
 business plan, including its acquisition plans. 

27 
 Fee revenues from overdraft protection 
programs constitute a significant portion of our noninterest income 
and may be 
 subject to increased supervisory scrutiny. 

 Revenues derived from transaction fees associated with overdraft protection 
programs offered to consumers represent a 
 significant portion of our noninterest income. In 2022, the Company collected 
approximately 10.6 million in net consumer 
 overdraft transaction fees. 

 In 2022, certain members of Congress and the leadership of the CFPB have expressed 
a heightened interest in bank consumer 
 overdraft protection programs. In 2022, the CFPB piloted a supervision 
effort to collect key metrics from some supervised 
 institutions regarding the consumer impact of their overdraft and 
non-sufficient fund practices, with the intent of using this 
 information to identify institutions for further examination and review. 
The CFPB has indicated that it intends to pursue 
 enforcement actions against banking organizations, 
and their executives, that oversee overdraft practices that are deemed to be 
 unlawful, and indeed took action against a large bank for charging 
 surprise overdraft fees known as authorized positive fee. In 
 October of 2022, the CFPB issued guidance to help banks avoid charging 
illegal surprise overdraft fees. In addition, the 
 Comptroller of the Currency has identified potential options for 
reform of national bank overdraft protection practices, including 
 providing a grace period before the imposition of a fee, refraining 
from charging multiple fees in a single day and eliminating fees 
 altogether. 

 In response to this increased congressional and regulatory scrutiny, 
and in anticipation of enhanced supervision and enforcement 
 of overdraft protection practices in the future, certain banking organizations 
have begun to modify their overdraft protection 
 programs, including by discontinuing the imposition of overdraft transaction 
fees. These competitive pressures from our peers, as 
 well as any adoption by our regulators of new rules or supervisory guidance or 
more aggressive examination and enforcement 
 policies in respect of banks overdraft protection practices, could cause 
us to modify our program and practices in ways that may 
 have a negative impact on our revenue and earnings, which, in turn, could have 
an adverse effect on our financial condition and 
 results of operations. 
 Operational Risks 
 Many types of operational risks can affect our earnings negatively. 
 We regularly 
assess and monitor operational risk in our businesses. Despite our efforts to 
assess and monitor operational risk, our 
 risk management framework may not be effective in all cases. 
Factors that can impact operations and expose us to risks varying 
in 
 size, scale and scope include: 
 
 failures of technological systems or breaches of security measures, including, but not 
limited to, those resulting from 
 computer viruses or cyber-attacks; 
 
 unsuccessful or difficult implementation of computer systems upgrades; 
 
 human errors or omissions, including failures to comply with applicable 
laws or corporate policies and procedures; 
 
 theft, fraud or misappropriation of assets, whether arising from the intentional 
actions of internal personnel or external 
 third parties; 
 
 breakdowns in processes, breakdowns in internal controls or failures of 
the systems and facilities that support our 
 operations; 
 
 deficiencies in services or service delivery; 
 
 negative developments in relationships with key counterparties, third-party 
vendors, or employees in our day-to-day 
 operations; and 
 
 external events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, such as pandemics, 
geopolitical events, political unrest, 
 natural disasters or acts of terrorism. 
 While we have in place many controls and business continuity plans designed 
to address these factors and others, these plans may 
 not operate successfully to mitigate these risks effectively. 
If our controls and business continuity plans do not mitigate the 
 associated risks successfully, 
such factors may have a negative impact on our business, financial condition or results 
of 
 operations. In addition, an important aspect of managing our operational 
risk is creating a risk culture in which all employees 
 fully understand that there is risk in every aspect of our business and the importance 
of managing risk as it relates to their job 
 functions. We 
continue to enhance our risk management program to support our risk culture. Nonetheless, 
if we fail to provide the 
 appropriate environment that sensitizes all of our employees to managing 
risk, our business could be impacted adversely. 

28 
 We are subject to 
certain operational risks, including, but not limited to, customer, 
employee or third-party fraud and 
 data processing system failures and errors. 
 We rely on 
the ability of our employees and systems to process a high number of transactions. Operational 
risk is the risk of loss 
 resulting from our operations, including but not limited to, the risk of 
fraud by employees or persons outside our company, 
the 
 execution of unauthorized transactions by employees, errors relating 
to transaction processing and technology, 
breaches of our 
 internal control systems and compliance requirements. Insurance coverage 
may not be available for such losses, or where 
 available, such losses may exceed insurance limits. This risk of loss also includes 
the potential legal actions that could arise as a 
 result of operational deficiencies or as a result of non-compliance with applicable 
regulatory standards, adverse business decisions 
 or their implementation, or customer attrition due to potential negative 
publicity. In the event of a breakdown 
in our internal 
 control systems, improper operation of systems or improper employee 
actions, we could suffer financial loss, face regulatory 
 action, and/or suffer damage to our reputation. 

 We are subject to 
credit and/or settlement risk arising from 
the soundness of other financial institutions and 
 counterparties which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, 
and results of operations. 
 Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, 
clearing, counterparty, or other 
relationships. We 
have 
 exposure to many different industries and counterparties, 
and routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial 
 services industry, including 
commercial banks, brokers and dealers, investment banks, other institutional 
clients, and certain 
 vendors. 
Many of these transactions expose us to credit or settlement risk in the event of 
a default or other failure to adhere to 
 contractual obligations by a counterparty or client. In addition, our credit 
or settlement risk may be exacerbated when any 
 collateral held by us cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient 
to recover the full amount of the credit or 
 derivative exposure due to us. Increased interconnectivity amongst 
financial institutions also increases the risk of cyber-attacks 
 and information system failures for financial institutions. Any such losses could 
have a material adverse effect on our business, 
 financial condition, 
and results of operations. 
 Pandemics, natural disasters, global climate change, acts of terrorism 
and global conflicts may have a negative impact on 
 our business and operations. 
 Pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), natural disasters, global 
climate change, acts of terrorism, global conflicts or other 
 similar events have in the past, and may in the future have, a negative impact on our 
business and operations. These events impact 
 us negatively to the extent that they result in reduced capital markets activity, 
lower asset price levels, or disruptions in general 
 economic activity in the United States or abroad, or in financial market settlement functions. 
In addition, these or similar events 
 may impact economic growth negatively, 
which could have an adverse effect on our business and operations and may have other 
 adverse effects on us in ways that we are unable to predict. 
 Our business operations could be disrupted if significant portions of our 
workforce were unable to work effectively, 
including 
 because of illness, quarantines, government actions, or other restrictions 
in connection with the pandemic. Further, work-from-
 home and other modified business practices may introduce additional operational 
risks, including cybersecurity and execution 
 risks, which may result in inefficiencies or delays, and may affect 
our ability to, or the manner in which we, conduct our business 
 activities. Disruptions to our clients could result in increased risk of delinquencies, 
defaults, foreclosures and losses on our loans. 
 The escalation of the pandemic may also negatively impact regional economic 
conditions for a period of time, resulting in 
 declines in local loan demand, liquidity of loan guarantors, loan collateral (particularly 
in real estate), loan originations and 
 deposit availability. 
 Litigation may adversely affect our results. 
 We are subject to 
litigation in the ordinary course of business. Claims and legal actions, including 
supervisory actions by our 
 regulators, could involve large monetary claims and significant 
defense costs. The outcome of litigation and regulatory matters as 
 well as the timing of ultimate resolution are inherently difficult to 
predict. 
 Actual legal and other costs of resolving claims may be greater than our 
legal reserves. The ultimate resolution of a pending legal 
 proceeding, depending on the remedy sought and granted, could 
materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial 
 condition. 
 In addition, governmental authorities have, at times, sought criminal penalties 
against companies in the financial services sector 
 for violations, and, at times, have required an admission of wrongdoing 
from financial institutions in connection with resolving 
 such matters. Criminal convictions or admissions of wrongdoing in a settlement with 
the government can lead to greater exposure 
 in civil litigation and reputational harm. 
 Substantial legal liability or significant regulatory action against us could have material 
adverse financial effects or cause 
 significant reputational harm, which adversely impact our business prospects. 
Further, we may be exposed to substantial 
 uninsured liabilities, which could adversely affect 
our results of operations and financial condition. 

29 
 Strategic Risks
 Our future success is dependent on our ability to compete effectively 
in the highly competitive banking industry. 
 We face vigorous 
competition for deposits, loans and other financial services in our market area 
from other banks and financial 
 institutions, including savings and loan associations, savings banks, 
finance companies and credit unions. A number of our 
 competitors are significantly larger than we are and have greater access to 
capital and other resources. Many of our competitors 
 also have higher lending limits, more expansive branch networks, and offer 
a wider array of financial products and services. To 
a 
 lesser extent, we also compete with other providers of financial services, such as money 
market mutual funds, brokerage firms, 
 consumer finance companies, insurance companies and governmental 
organizations, which may offer financial products and 
 services on more favorable terms than we are able to. Many of our non-bank 
competitors are not subject to the same extensive 
 regulations that govern our activities. As a result, these non-bank competitors have advantages over 
us in providing certain 
 services. The effect of this competition may reduce or limit our 
margins or our market share and may adversely affect our 
results 
 of operations and financial condition. 
 Our directors, executive officers, and principal shareowners, 
if acting together, 
have substantial control over all matters 
 requiring shareowner approval, 
including changes of control. Because Mr. 
William G. Smith, Jr. 
is a principal 
 shareowner and our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive 
Officer and Chairman of CCB, he has substantial control 
 over all matters on a day-to-day basis. 
 Our directors, executive officers, and principal 
shareowners beneficially owned approximately 23.3 of the outstanding 
shares of 
 our common stock at December 31, 2022. 
William G. Smith, Jr., 
our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 beneficially owned 17.1 of our shares as of that date. 
Accordingly, these directors, executive 
officers, and principal 
 shareowners, if acting together, may be 
able to influence or control matters requiring approval by our shareowners, 
including the 
 election of directors and the approval of mergers, acquisitions or 
other extraordinary transactions. Moreover, 
because William G. 
 Smith, Jr. is the Chairman, President, 
and Chief Executive Officer of CCBG and Chairman of CCB, he has substantial 
control 
 over all matters on a day-to-day basis, including the nomination and election 
of directors. 
 These directors, executive officers, and principal shareowners may 
also have interests that differ from yours and may vote in a 
 way with which you disagree, and which may be adverse to your interests. The concentration 
of ownership may have the effect of 
 delaying, preventing or deterring a change of control of our company, 
could deprive our shareowners of an opportunity to receive 
 a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of our Company and might ultimately 
affect the market price of our common 
 stock. You 
may also have difficulty changing management, the composition of 
the Board of Directors, or the general direction of 
 our Company. 
 Our Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, and certain laws and regulations 
may prevent or delay transactions you might 
 favor, 
including a sale or merger of CCBG. 
 CCBG is registered with the Federal Reserve as a financial holding 
company under the Bank Holding Company Act, or BHC Act. 
 As a result, we are subject to supervisory regulation and examination by the 
Federal Reserve. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the 
 BHC Act, and other federal laws subject financial holding companies 
to restrictions on the types of activities in which they may 
 engage, and to a range of supervisory requirements and activities, including regulatory 
enforcement actions for violations of laws 
 and regulations. 
 Provisions of our Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, certain laws and regulations 
and various other factors may make it more 
 difficult and expensive for companies or persons to acquire control 
of us without the consent of our Board of Directors. It is 
 possible, however, that you would want a 
takeover attempt to succeed because, for example, a potential buyer could offer 
a 
 premium over the then prevailing price of our common stock. 
 For example, our Articles of Incorporation permit our Board of Directors 
to issue preferred stock without shareowner action. The 
 ability to issue preferred stock could discourage a company from attempting 
to obtain control of us by means of a tender offer, 
 merger, proxy contest or 
otherwise. We are also subject to 
certain provisions of the Florida Business Corporation Act and our 
 Articles of Incorporation that relate to business combinations with interested 
shareowners. Other provisions in our Articles of 
 Incorporation or Bylaws that may discourage takeover attempts or make them 
more difficult include: 

Supermajority voting requirements to remove a director from office;
 
 Provisions regarding the timing and content of shareowner proposals 
and nominations; 
 
 Supermajority voting requirements to amend Articles of Incorporation 
unless approval is received by a majority of 
 disinterested directors 
 
 Absence of cumulative voting; and 
 
 Inability for shareowners to take action by written consent.

30 
 Reputational Risks 
 Damage to our reputation could harm our businesses, including our 
competitive position and business prospects. 
 Our ability to attract and retain customers, clients, investors and employees 
is impacted by our reputation. Harm to our reputation 
 can arise from various sources, including officer, 
director or employee fraud, misconduct and unethical behavior, 
security 
 breaches, litigation or regulatory outcomes, compensation practices, lending 
practices, the suitability or reasonableness of 
 recommending particular trading or investment strategies, including 
the reliability of our research and models, prohibiting clients 
 from engaging in certain transactions and employee sales practices. Additionally, 
our reputation may be harmed by failing to 
 deliver products, subpar standards of service and quality expected by our 
customers, clients and the community, 
compliance 
 failures, the inability to manage technology change or maintain effective 
data management, cyber incidents, internal and external 
 fraud, inadequacy of responsiveness to internal controls, unintended 
disclosure of personal, proprietary or confidential 
 information, conflicts of interest and breach of fiduciary obligations, the 
handling of health emergencies or pandemics, and the 
 activities of our clients, customers, counterparties and third parties, including 
vendors. Our reputation may also be negatively 
 impacted by our environmental, social, and governance practices and 
disclosures, our businesses and our customers, including 
 practices and disclosures related to climate change. Actions by the financial 
services industry generally or by certain members or 
 individuals in the industry also can adversely affect our reputation. 
In addition, adverse publicity or negative information posted 
 on social media by employees, the media or otherwise, whether or not factually 
correct, may adversely impact our business 
 prospects or financial results. 
 We are subject to 
complex and evolving laws and regulations regarding privacy, 
know-your-customer requirements, data 
 protection, cross-border data movement and other matters. Principles 
concerning the appropriate scope of consumer and 
 commercial privacy vary considerably in different jurisdictions, 
and regulatory and public expectations regarding the definition 
 and scope of consumer and commercial privacy may remain fluid. 
It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied by 
 various jurisdictions in a manner inconsistent with our current or future practices, 
or that is inconsistent with one another. 
If 
 personal, confidential or proprietary information of customers or clients 
in our possession, or in the possession of third parties 
 (including their downstream service providers) or financial data aggregators, 
is mishandled, misused or mismanaged, or if we do 
 not timely or adequately address such information, we may face regulatory, 
reputational and operational risks which could 
 adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We could suffer 
reputational harm if we fail to properly identify and manage potential conflicts of interest. 
Management of 
 potential conflicts of interest has become increasingly complex as we expand 
our business activities through more numerous 
 transactions, obligations and interests with and among our clients. The failure 
to adequately address, or the perceived failure to 
 adequately address, conflicts of interest could affect the 
willingness of clients to use our products and services, or give rise to 
 litigation or enforcement actions, which could adversely affect our 
business. 
 Our actual or perceived failure to address these and other issues, such as operational 
risks, gives rise to reputational risk that could 
 harm us and our business prospects. Failure to appropriately address any 
of these issues could also give rise to additional 
 regulatory restrictions, legal risks and reputational harm, which could, among 
other consequences, increase the size and number 
 of litigation claims and damages asserted or subject us to enforcement 
actions, fines and penalties, and cause us to incur related 
 costs and expenses. 
 Technology 
Risks 
 We process, maintain, 
and transmit confidential client information through our 
information technology systems, such as 
 our online banking service. 
Cybersecurity issues, such as security breaches and computer viruses, affecting 
our 
 information technology systems or fraud related to our 
debit card products could disrupt our business, result in the 
 unintended disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary 
information, damage our reputation, increase our costs, 
 and cause losses. 
 We collect and 
store sensitive data, including our proprietary business information and that of 
our clients, and personally 
 identifiable information of our clients and employees, in our 
 information technology systems
 . 
 We also provide 
our clients the 
 ability to bank online. 
 The secure processing, maintenance, and transmission of this information 
is critical to our operations.
 
Our 
 network, or those of our clients, could be vulnerable to unauthorized 
access, computer viruses, phishing schemes and other 
 security problems. 
Financial institutions and companies engaged in data processing have increasingly 
reported breaches in the 
 security of their websites or other systems, some of which have involved sophisticated and 
targeted attacks intended to obtain 
 unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy data, disrupt or degrade 
service, sabotage systems or cause other damage. 

31 
 We may be required 
to spend significant capital and other resources to protect against the threat of 
security breaches and 
 computer viruses or to alleviate problems caused by security breaches or viruses. 
Security breaches and viruses could expose us to 
 claims, litigation and other possible liabilities. Any inability to prevent 
security breaches or computer viruses could also cause 
 existing clients to lose confidence in our systems and could adversely affect 
our reputation and our ability to generate deposits. 
 Additionally, fraud 
losses related to debit and credit cards have risen in recent years due in large part 
to growing and evolving 
 schemes to illegally use cards or steal consumer credit card information despite 
risk management practices employed by the debit 
 and credit card industries. Many issuers of debit and credit cards have suffered 
significant losses in recent years due to the theft of 
 cardholder data that has been illegally exploited for personal gain. 
 The potential for debit and credit card fraud against us or our clients and our third-party 
service providers is a serious issue. Debit 
 and credit card fraud is pervasive, and the risks of cybercrime are complex 
and continue to evolve. In view of the recent high-
 profile retail data breaches involving client personal and financial information, 
the potential impact on us and any exposure to 
 consumer losses and the cost of technology investments to improve security 
could cause losses to us or our clients, damage to our 
 brand, and an increase in our costs. 
 Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments

None. 
 Item 2. 
Properties
 We are headquartered 
in Tallahassee, Florida. 
Our executive office is in the Capital City Bank building located 
on the corner of 
 Tennessee and Monroe 
Streets in downtown Tallahassee. 
The building is owned by CCB, but is located on land leased under a 
 long-term agreement. 
 At December 31, 2022, Capital City Bank had 58 banking offices. 
Of these locations, we lease the land, buildings, or both at 
 seven locations and own the land and buildings at the remaining 51. CCHL had 
33 loan production offices, all of which were 
 leased. 
Capital City Strategic Wealth, 
LLC. maintained five offices, all of which were leased. 

Item 3.
 Legal Proceedings
 We are party 
to lawsuits and claims arising out of the normal course of business. In management s 
opinion, there are no known 
 pending claims or litigation, the outcome of which would, individually or 
in the aggregate, have a material effect on our 
 consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 
 Item 4
 . 
 Mine Safety Disclosure
 Not applicable. 

32 
 PART 
II
 Item 5.
 Market for the Registrant s 
Common Equity, Related Shareowner Matters, 
and Issuer Purchases of Equity 
 Securities
 Common Stock Market Prices and Dividends
 Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under 
the symbol CCBG. 
We had a 
total of 1,124 shareowners 
 of record at January 31, 2023. 
 The following table presents the range of high and low closing sales prices reported 
on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and cash 
 dividends declared for each quarter during the past two years. 

 2022 
 2021 
 Fourth 
 Quarter 
 Third 
 Quarter 
 Second 
 Quarter 
 First 
 Quarter 
 Fourth 
 Quarter 
 Third 
 Quarter 
 Second 
 Quarter 
 First 
 Quarter 
 Common stock price: 
 High 

36.23 
 
 33.93 
 
 28.55 
 
 28.88 
 
 29.00 
 
 26.10 
 
 27.39 
 
 28.98 
 Low 

 31.14 
 27.41 
 24.43 
 25.96 
 24.77 
 22.02 
 24.55 
 21.42 
 Close 

 32.50 
 31.11 
 27.89 
 26.36 
 26.40 
 24.74 
 25.79 
 26.02 
 Cash dividends per share 

 0.17 
 0.17 
 0.16 
 0.16 
 0.16 
 0.16 
 0.15 
 0.15 
 Florida law and Federal regulations impose restrictions on our ability to 
pay dividends and limitations on the amount of dividends 
 that the Bank can pay annually to us. 
See Item 1. Capital; Dividends; Sources of Strength and Dividends in the Business 
 section on page 11 and 13, Item 1A. Market 
Risks in the Risk Factors section on page 19, Item 7. Liquidity and Capital 
 Resources Dividends in Management s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Operating Results on page 
56 
 and Note 17 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Performance Graph
 This performance graph compares the cumulative total shareowner 
return on our common stock with the cumulative total 
 shareowner return of the Nasdaq Composite Index and the S P U.S. Small Cap Banks Index 
for the past five years. 
The graph 
 assumes that 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 in our common stock and each of 
the above indices, and that all dividends 
 were reinvested. 
The shareowner return shown below represents past performance and should 
not be considered indicative of 
 future performance. 

33 
 Period Ending 
 Index 
 12/31/17 
 12/31/18 
 12/31/19 
 12/31/20 
 12/31/21 
 12/31/22 
 Capital City Bank Group, Inc. 

100.00 
 
 102.49 
 
 137.30 
 
 113.48 
 
 124.86 
 
 157.09 
 Nasdaq Composite 

 100.00 
 97.16 
 132.81 
 192.47 
 235.15 
 158.65 
 SNL 1B- 5B Bank Index 

 100.00 
 83.44 
 104.69 
 95.08 
 132.36 
 116.69 

34 
 Item 6.
 Selected Financial Data
 (Dollars in Thousands, Except Per Share Data) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Interest Income 
 
 131,348 
 
 106,351 
 
 106,197 
 Net Interest Income 
 124,460 
 102,861 
 101,326 
 Provision for Credit Losses 
 7,162 
 (1,553) 
 9,645 
 Noninterest Income 
 94,627 
 107,545 
 111,165 
 Noninterest Expense
 (1)
 161,828 
 162,508 
 149,962 
 Pre-Tax Loss (Income) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests
 (2)
 135 
 (6,220) 
 (11,078) 
 Net Income Attributable to Common Shareowners 
 40,147 
 33,396 
 31,576 
 Per Common Share: 
 Basic Net Income 
 
 2.37 
 
 1.98 
 
 1.88 
 Diluted Net Income 
 2.36 
 1.98 
 1.88 
 Cash Dividends Declared 
 0.66 
 0.62 
 0.57 
 Diluted Book Value 
 23.12 
 22.63 
 19.05 
 Diluted Tangible Book Value
 (3)
 17.66 
 17.12 
 13.76 
 Performance Ratios: 
 Return on Average Assets 
 0.93 
 
 0.84 
 
 0.93 
 
 Return on Average Equity 
 10.58 
 9.92 
 9.36 
 Net Interest Margin (FTE) 
 3.13 
 2.83 
 3.30 
 Noninterest Income as of Operating Revenues 
 43.19 
 51.11 
 52.32 
 Efficiency Ratio 
 73.76 
 77.11 
 70.43 
 Asset Quality: 
 Allowance for Credit Losses ("ACL") 
 
 24,736 
 
 21,606 
 
 23,816 
 ACL to Loans Held for Investment ("HFI") 
 0.98 
 
 1.12 
 
 1.19 
 
 Nonperforming Assets ("NPAs") 
 2,728 
 4,339 
 6,679 
 NPAs to Total 
Assets 
 0.06 
 0.10 
 0.18 
 NPAs to Loans HFI plus OREO 
 0.11 
 0.22 
 0.33 
 ACL to Non-Performing Loans 
 1,076.89 
 499.93 
 405.66 
 Net Charge-Offs to Average Loans HFI 
 0.18 
 (0.03) 
 0.12 
 Capital Ratios: 
 Tier 1 Capital 
 14.53 
 
 16.14 
 
 16.19 
 
 Total Capital 
 15.52 
 17.15 
 17.30 
 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
 12.64 
 13.86 
 13.71 
 Tangible Common Equity
 (3)
 6.79 
 6.95 
 6.25 
 Leverage 
 9.06 
 8.95 
 9.33 
 Equity to Assets 
 8.71 
 8.99 
 8.45 
 Dividend Pay-Out 
 27.97 
 31.31 
 30.32 
 Averages for the Year: 
 Loans Held for Investment 
 
 2,189,440 
 
 2,000,563 
 
 1,957,576 
 Earning Assets 
 3,989,248 
 3,652,486 
 3,083,675 
 Total Assets 
 4,332,302 
 3,984,064 
 3,391,071 
 Deposits 
 3,763,336 
 3,406,886 
 2,844,347 
 Shareowners Equity 
 379,290 
 336,821 
 337,313 
 Year 
-End Balances: 
 Loans Held for Investment 
 
 2,525,180 
 
 1,931,465 
 
 2,006,426 
 Earning Assets 
 4,182,399 
 3,949,111 
 3,475,904 
 Total Assets 
 4,525,958 
 4,263,849 
 3,798,071 
 Deposits 
 3,939,317 
 3,712,862 
 3,217,560 
 Shareowners Equity 
 394,016 
 383,166 
 320,837 
 Other Data: 
 Basic Average Shares Outstanding 
 16,950,810 
 16,862,932 
 16,784,711 
 Diluted Average Shares Outstanding 
 16,984,740 
 16,892,947 
 16,821,950 
 Shareowners of Record
 (4)
 1,124 
 1,157 
 1,201 
 Banking Locations
 (4)
 59 
 57 
 57 
 Full-Time Equivalent Associates
 (4)(5)
 992 
 954 
 954 
 (1)
 
For 2022 and 2021, includes pension settlement charge of 2.3 million and 
 3.1 million, respectively. 
 (2)
 
Acquired 51 membership interest in Brand Mortgage Group, LLC, re-named as Capital City Home Loans, 
LLC, on March 1, 2020 - fully consolidated. 
 (3)
 
Diluted tangible book value and tangible common equity 
ratio are non-GAAP financial measures. For additional information, including a reconciliation 
 
to GAAP, refer 
to page 35. 
 (4)
 
As of January 31st of the following year. 
 (5)
 
Reflects 992 full-time equivalent associates that 
includes 196 full-time equivalent associates at CCHL. 

35 
 NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 We present a tangible 
common equity ratio and a tangible book value per diluted share that, in each case, 
removes the effect of 
 goodwill that resulted from merger and acquisition activity. 
We believe these 
measures 
are useful to investors because it allows 
 investors to more easily compare our capital adequacy to other companies in 
the industry. 
The generally accepted accounting 
 principles GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation for selected year-to-date 
financial data is provided below. 
 Non-GAAP Reconciliation - Selected Financial Data 
 (Dollars in Thousands, except per share data) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Shareowners' Equity (GAAP) 
 
 394,016 
 
 383,166 
 
 320,837 
 Less: Goodwill and Other Intangibles (GAAP) 
 93,093 
 93,253 
 89,095 
 Tangible Shareowners' Equity (non-GAAP) 
 A 
 300,923 
 289,913 
 231,742 
 Total Assets (GAAP) 
 4,525,958 
 4,263,849 
 3,798,071 
 Less: Goodwill and Other Intangibles (GAAP) 
 93,093 
 93,253 
 89,095 
 Tangible Assets (non-GAAP) 
 B 
 
 4,432,865 
 
 4,170,596 
 
 3,708,976 
 Tangible Common Equity Ratio (non-GAAP) 
 A/B 
 6.79 
 6.95 
 6.25 
 Actual Diluted Shares Outstanding (GAAP) 
 C 
 17,039,401 
 16,935,389 
 16,844,997 
 Tangible Book Value 
per Diluted Share (non-GAAP) 
 A/C 
 17.66 
 17.12 
 13.76 

36 
 Item 7.
 Management s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 Management s discussion 
and analysis MD A provides supplemental information, which sets forth 
the major factors that 
 have affected our financial condition and results of operations and 
should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial 
 Statements and related notes included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
The MD A is divided into subsections entitled 
 Business Overview, Executive 
Overview, Results of Operations, 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources, 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements, and Accounting Policies. 
The following information should provide a better understanding 
 of the major factors and trends that affect our earnings performance 
and financial condition, and how our performance during 
 2022 compares with prior years. 
Throughout this section, Capital City Bank Group, Inc., and its subsidiaries, 
collectively, are 
 referred to as CCBG, Company, 
 we, us, or our. 
 CAUTION CONCERNING FORWARD 
-LOOKING STATEMENTS
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including this MD A section, contains forward 
-looking statements within the meaning of 
 the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about 
 our beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, estimates and 
intentions that are subject to significant risks and uncertainties 
 and are subject to change based on various factors, many of which are 
beyond our control. The words may, 
 could, should, 
 would, believe, anticipate, estimate, expect, intend, plan, 
 target, vision, goal, and similar expressions are 
 intended to identify forward-looking statements. 
 All forward-looking statements, by their nature, are subject to risks and uncertainties. 
Our actual future results may differ 
 materially from those set forth in our forward-looking statements. 
Please see the Introductory Note and 
 Item 1A Risk Factors
 
of 
 this Annual Report for a discussion of factors that could cause our actual results to differ 
materially from those in the forward-
 looking statements. 
 However, other factors besides those listed in 
 Item 1A Risk Factors
 
or discussed in this Annual Report also could adversely affect 
 our results, and you should not consider any such list of factors to be a complete 
set of all potential risks or uncertainties. 
Any 
 forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf speak only as of the date they 
are made. 
We do not undertake 
to update 
 any forward-looking statement, except as required by applicable law. 
 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 Our Business 
 We are a financial 
holding company headquartered in Tallahassee, 
Florida, and we are the parent of our wholly owned subsidiary, 
 Capital City Bank (the Bank or CCB ). 
We provide 
a full range of banking services, including traditional deposit and credit 
 services, mortgage banking, asset management, trust, merchant services, bankcards, 
securities brokerage services and financial 
 advisory services, including the sale of life insurance, risk management, 
and asset protection services. The Bank has 58 banking 
 offices and 89 ATMs/ITMs 
in Florida, Georgia and Alabama. 
Through Capital City Home Loans, LLC CCHL ), we have 33 
 additional offices in the Southeast for our mortgage banking business. 
Please see the section captioned About Us beginning on 
 page 4 for more detailed information about our business. 
 Our profitability, like 
most financial institutions, is dependent to a large extent upon net 
interest income, which is the difference 
 between the interest and fees received on interest earning assets, such as loans and 
securities, and the interest paid on interest-
 bearing liabilities, principally deposits and borrowings. 
Results of operations are also affected by the provision for 
credit losses, 
 operating expenses such as salaries and employee benefits, occupancy 
, 
and other operating expenses including income taxes, and 
 noninterest income such as mortgage banking revenues, wealth management 
fees, deposit fees, and bank card fees. 

 Strategic Review 
 Operating Philosophy
 . 
Our philosophy is to build long-term client relationships based on quality 
service, high ethical standards, 
 and safe and sound banking practices. 
We maintain a locally 
oriented, community-based focus, which is augmented by 
 experienced, centralized support in select specialized areas. 
Our local market orientation is reflected in our network of banking 
 office locations, experienced community executives with 
a dedicated President for each market, and community boards which 
 support our focus on responding to local banking needs. 
We strive to offer 
a broad array of sophisticated products and to provide 
 quality service by empowering associates to make decisions in their local 
markets. 

37 
 Strategic Initiatives
 . 
In 2021, we initiated a new five-year strategic plan 2025 In Focus that will guide 
us in the areas of client 
 experience, channel optimization, market expansion, and culture. 
As part of 2025 In Focus, we aim to take our brand of 
 relationship banking to the next level, further deepen relationships within 
our communities, expand into new higher growth 
 markets, diversify our revenue sources, invest in new technology that 
will support the expansion of client relationships, scale 
 within our lines of business, and drive higher profitability. 
In 2022, we implemented initiatives in support of the strategic plan, 
 including the implementation of an integrated marketing software aimed at deepening 
client relationships, initiation of a 
 comprehensive review of our banking office network, continued 
expansion into new markets, and in 2020 and 2021 continued our 
 efforts to diversify our revenues by expanding our residential mortgage 
banking and wealth businesses (discussed further below - 
 Recent Acquisition/Expansion Activity). 
 Markets
 . 
We maintain a blend 
of large and small markets in Florida and Georgia, 
all in close proximity to major interstate 
 thoroughfares such as Interstates 10 and 75. 
Our larger markets include Tallahassee 
(Leon County, Florida), 
Gainesville 
 (Alachua County, Florida), 
Macon (Bibb County, 
Georgia), and Suncoast (Hernando/Pasco/Citrus Counties, Florida). 
The larger 
 employers in these markets are state and local governments, healthcare 
providers, educational institutions, and small businesses, 
 providing stability and good growth dynamics that have historically grown 
in excess of the national average. 
We serve an 
 additional fifteen smaller, less competitive, 
rural markets located on the outskirts of, and centered between, our larger 
markets 
 where we are positioned as a market leader. 
In 12 of 18 markets in Florida and two of four Georgia markets, we frequently 
rank 
 within the top four banks in terms of deposit market share. 
Furthermore, in the counties in which we operate, we maintain an 
 8.4 deposit market share in the Florida counties and 5.4 in the Georgia 
counties (excluding Northern Arc markets entered in 
 2022). 
Our markets provide for a strong core deposit funding base, a key differentiator 
and driver of our profitability and 
 franchise value. 

 Recent Acquisition/Expansion Activity
 . 
We have continued 
our expansion into the Northern Arc of Atlanta, Georgia by opening 
 full-service offices in Marietta (Cobb County) in the fourth 
quarter of 2022 and Duluth (Gwinnett County) in the first quarter of 
 2023. 
Additionally, we expanded our 
presence in the Florida Panhandle by opening a full-service office 
in Watersound, Florida 
 in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
To expand our presence 
and commitment to our Gainesville market, we plan to open a third full-
 service banking office in the area in early 2023. 
During 2022, we hired leadership and banking teams in the Northern Arc and 
 Walton County 
office markets, including commercial bankers, retail delivery 
support, private banking, wealth advisors, and 
 treasury professionals. 
Further, CCHL loan originators will reside in the Northern 
Arc and Walton County 
offices. 
 On April 30, 2021, a newly formed subsidiary of CCBG, Capital City Strategic 
Wealth, LLC CCSW acquired substantially all 
 of the assets of Strategic Wealth 
Group, LLC and certain related businesses SWG Refer to Note 1 
 Significant Accounting 
 Policies/Business Combination for additional information 
on this transaction. 
 On March 1, 2020, CCB completed its acquisition of a 51 membership 
interest in Brand Mortgage Group, LLC Brand 
 which is now operated as CCHL Refer to Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies/Business 
Combination for additional 
 information on this transaction. 

 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW
 For 2022, net income attributable to common shareowners totaled 40.1 million, 
or 2.36 per diluted share, compared to net 
 income of 33.4 million, or 1.98 per diluted share, for 2021 and 31.6 million, 
or 1.88 per diluted share, for 2020. 
 The increase in net income attributable to common shareowners for 202 
2 
was attributable to higher net interest income of 21.6 
 million and lower noninterest expense of 0.7 million, partially offset 
by an 8.7 million increase in the provision for credit losses, 
 lower noninterest income of 12.9 million, and higher income taxes of 
 0.3 million. 
Net income attributable to common 
 shareowners included a 6.4 million decrease in the deduction 
to record the 49 non-controlling interest in the earnings of CCHL. 

 The increase in net income attributable to common shareowners for 2021 
was attributable to a decrease in the provision for credit 
 losses of 11.2 million, higher net interest income 
of 1.5 million and lower income taxes of 0.4 million, partially offset 
by 
 higher noninterest expense of 12.5 million and lower noninterest income 
of 3.6 million. Net income attributable to common 
 shareowners included a 4.9 million decrease in the deduction to 
record the 49 non-controlling interest in the earnings of CCHL. 
 Below are 
 Summary Highlights
 
of our 2022 financial performance: 
 
 Strong growth 
in net interest income of 21 reflected 
improved earning asset mix and strength 
of deposit franchise 

Loan growth of 594 million, or 30.7 (end of period) 
and 189 million, or 9.4 (year-to-date average) 
 
 Average Deposits grew 
 356 million, or 10.5 

CCHL contribution decreased 0.24 per share 
due to slower secondary market loan sales, but was more than 
offset by 
 strong adjustable rate production 
for our loan portfolio, and higher wealth and deposit fees 
 
 Noninterest expense included pension 
settlement charges totaling 2.3 million or 0.11 
per share 
 
 Tangible 
book value per share increased 0.54, 
or 3.2 , primarily due to strong earnings and a favorable 
re-
 measurement adjustment for pension plan, 
partially offset by higher unrealized investment security losses 
 For more detailed information, refer to the following additional sections of 
the MD A Results of Operations and Financial 
 Condition . 

38 
 RESULTS 
OF OPERATIONS
 A condensed earnings summary for the last three fiscal years is presented 
in Table 1 below: 
 Table 1 
 CONDENSED SUMMARY OF EARNINGS 
 (Dollars in Thousands, Except Per Share 
Data) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Interest Income 
 
 131,348 
 
 106,351 
 
 106,197 
 Taxable Equivalent 
Adjustments 
 325 
 349 
 430 
 Total Interest Income 
(FTE) 
 131,673 
 106,700 
 106,627 
 Interest Expense 
 6,888 
 3,490 
 4,871 
 Net Interest Income (FTE) 
 124,785 
 103,210 
 101,756 
 Provision for Credit Losses 
 7,162 
 (1,553) 
 9,645 
 Taxable Equivalent 
Adjustments 
 325 
 349 
 430 
 Net Interest Income After Provision for Credit Losses 
 117,298 
 104,414 
 91,681 
 Noninterest Income 
 94,627 
 107,545 
 111,165 
 Noninterest Expense 
 161,828 
 162,508 
 149,962 
 Income Before Income Taxes 
 50,097 
 49,451 
 52,884 
 Income Tax Expense 

 10,085 
 9,835 
 10,230 
 Pre-Tax Income 
Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 
 135 
 (6,220) 
 (11,078) 
 Net Income Attributable to Common Shareowners 
 
 40,147 
 
 33,396 
 
 31,576 
 Basic Net Income Per Share 
 
 2.37 
 
 1.98 
 
 1.88 
 Diluted Net Income Per Share 
 
 2.36 
 
 1.98 
 
 1.88 
 Net Interest Income and Margin
 Net interest income represents our single largest source of earnings 
and is equal to interest income and fees generated by earning 
 assets, less interest expense paid on interest bearing liabilities. 
We provide 
an analysis of our net interest income, including 
 average yields and rates in Tables 
2 and 3 below. 
We provide this information 
on a taxable equivalent basis to reflect the tax-
 exempt status of income earned on certain loans and investments. 
 For 2022, our taxable equivalent net interest income increased 21.6 
million, or 20.9 . This follows an increase of 1.5 million, 
 or 1.4 in 2021. 
The increase in 2022 
was primarily due to strong loan growth, higher interest rates, and growth in the 
 investment portfolio. 
The increase in 2021 was primarily due to higher small business SBA PPP loan income 
combined with 
 lower interest expense, partially offset by lower investment 
portfolio income due to lower reinvestment rates. 

 For 2022, taxable equivalent interest income increased 25.0 million, 
or 23.4 , over 2021. 
For 2021, taxable equivalent interest 
 income increased 0.1 million, or 0.1 , over 2020. 
The increase in 2022 was primarily due to an overall improved earning 
asset 
 mix and higher interest rates on earning assets. 
The increase in 2021 
was primarily due to income on SBA PPP loans, 
partially 
 offset by lower rates on earning assets. 

 For 2022, interest expense increased 3.4 million, or 97.4 , over 2021. 
For 2021, interest expense decreased 1.4 million, or 
 28.4 , from 2020. 
The variances for both 2022 and 2021 were related to our negotiated rate deposits, 
primarily NOW accounts 
 which were tied to an adjustable rate index until mid-2022. 
Our cost of interest bearing deposits was 17 basis points in 2022, 4 
 basis points in 2021, and 10 basis points in 2020. 
Our total cost of deposits (including noninterest bearing accounts) 
was 9 basis 
 points in 2022, 2 basis points in 2021, and 5 basis points in 2020. 
To a lesser extent, higher 
interest expense for our variable rate 
 short-term borrowings (warehouse line of credit for mortgage banking) 
and subordinated notes contributed to the increase in 
 2022. 
Our total cost of funds (interest expense/average earning assets) was 17 basis points in 
2022, 10 basis points in 2021, and 
 16 basis points in 2020. 

39 
 Our interest rate spread (defined as the taxable-equivalent yield on 
average earning assets less the average rate paid on interest 
 bearing liabilities) increased 23 basis points in 2022 and decreased 43 
basis points in 2021. 
Our net interest margin (defined as 
 taxable-equivalent interest income less interest expense divided by average 
earning assets) of 3.13 in 2022 reflected a 30 basis 
 point increase over 2021. 
The net interest margin of 2.83 
in 2021 reflected a 47 basis point decrease from 2020. 
The increase 
 in the interest rate spread and net interest margin in 2022 
reflected an improved earning asset mix, higher yields across a majority 
 of our earning assets due to the rapid increase in interest rates, and good control of 
our deposit cost. 
The decline in the interest 
 rate spread and net interest margin in 2021 reflected 
lower earning asset yields due to lower rates, in addition to a higher level of 
 lower yielding overnight funds driven by strong deposit growth. 

 During 2022, the Federal Open Market Committee FOMC raised 
interest rates 425 basis points, putting the federal funds 
 target rate at a range of 4.25 -4.50 , compared to 
a range of 0.00 -0.25 at the end of 2021. 
Our asset sensitive position, 
with 
 strong core deposit funding and ample liquidity provide benefits in the higher 
rate environment. 

 Table 2 
 AVERAGE 
BALANCES AND INTEREST RATES 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 (Taxable Equivalent Basis - Dollars 
 in Thousands) 
 Average 
 Balance 
 Interest 
 Average 
 Rate 
 Average 
 Balance 
 Interest 
 Average 
 Rate 
 Average 
 Balance 
 Interest 
 Average 
 Rate 
 ASSETS 
 Loans Held for Sale
 (1)(2)
 
 48,502 
 
 2,175 
 4.49 

78,328 
 
 2,555 
 3.24 

81,125 
 
 2,895 
 3.57 
 
 Loans Held for Investment
 (1)(2)
 2,189,440 
 104,016 
 4.75 
 2,000,563 
 94,332 
 4.76 
 1,957,576 
 92,261 
 4.71 
 Taxable Investment Securities 
 1,098,876 
 15,917 
 1.45 
 778,953 
 8,724 
 1.12 
 574,199 
 10,176 
 1.77 
 Tax-Exempt Investment Securities
 (2)
 2,668 
 54 
 2.03 
 3,772 
 91 
 2.39 
 5,123 
 124 
 2.42 
 Fed Funds Sold Int Bearing Dep 
 649,762 
 9,511 
 1.46 
 790,870 
 998 
 0.13 
 465,652 
 1,171 
 0.25 
 Total Earning Assets 
 3,989,248 
 131,673 
 3.30 
 
 3,652,486 
 106,700 
 2.92 
 
 3,083,675 
 106,627 
 3.46 
 
 Cash Due From Banks 
 76,929 
 72,409 
 68,386 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 (21,688) 
 (22,960) 
 (20,690) 
 Other Assets 
 287,813 
 282,129 
 259,700 
 TOTAL ASSETS 
 
 4,332,302 
 
 3,984,064 
 
 3,391,071 
 LIABILITIES 
 NOW Accounts 
 
 1,065,838 
 
 2,799 
 0.26 

965,320 
 
 294 
 0.03 

826,280 
 
 930 
 0.11 
 
 Money Market Accounts 
 283,407 
 203 
 0.07 
 278,606 
 134 
 0.05 
 235,931 
 223 
 0.09 
 Savings Accounts 
 628,313 
 309 
 0.05 
 537,023 
 263 
 0.05 
 423,529 
 207 
 0.05 
 Time Deposits 
 94,646 
 133 
 0.14 
 102,220 
 148 
 0.14 
 104,393 
 188 
 0.18 
 Total Interest Bearing Deposits 
 2,072,204 
 3,444 
 0.17 
 
 1,883,169 
 839 
 0.04 
 
 1,590,133 
 1,548 
 0.10 
 
 Short-Term Borrowings 
 40,483 
 1,761 
 4.35 
 53,511 
 1,360 
 2.54 
 69,119 
 1,690 
 2.44 
 Subordinated Notes Payable 
 52,887 
 1,652 
 3.08 
 52,887 
 1,228 
 2.29 
 52,887 
 1,472 
 2.74 
 Other Long-Term Borrowings 
 665 
 31 
 4.62 
 1,887 
 63 
 3.33 
 5,304 
 161 
 3.03 
 Total Interest Bearing Liabilities 
 2,166,239 
 6,888 
 0.32 
 
 1,991,454 
 3,490 
 0.18 
 
 1,717,443 
 4,871 
 0.28 
 
 Noninterest Bearing Deposits 
 1,691,132 
 1,523,717 
 1,254,214 
 Other Liabilities 
 85,684 
 111,567 
 72,400 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES 
 3,943,055 
 3,626,738 
 3,044,057 
 Temporary Equity 
 9,957 
 20,505 
 9,701 
 TOTAL SHAREOWNERS 
 EQUITY 
 379,290 
 336,821 
 337,313 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES, 
 TEMPORARY EQUITY AND 
 SHAREOWNERS EQUITY 
 
 4,332,302 
 
 3,984,064 
 
 3,391,071 
 Interest Rate Spread 
 2.98 
 
 2.75 
 
 3.18 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 
 124,785 
 
 103,210 
 
 101,756 
 Net Interest Margin
 (3)
 3.13 
 
 2.83 
 
 3.30 
 
 (1)
 
Average balances include net loan fees, discounts and premiums, and nonaccrual loans. 
Interest income includes loan fees of 1.1 million for 2022, 

6.6 million for 2021, and 2.6 million for 2020. 
SBA PPP loans averaged 0.1 million in 2022, 92.4 million in 
2021, and 125.4 million in 2020. 
 (2)
 
Interest income includes the effects of taxable equivalent adjustments using 
a 21 tax rate. 
 (3)
 
Taxable equivalent net interest income divided by average earning assets. 

40 
 Table 3 
 RATE/VOLUME 
ANALYSIS
 (1)
 2022 vs. 2021 
 2021 vs. 2020 
 (Taxable Equivalent Basis - 
 Dollars in Thousands) 
 Increase (Decrease) Due to Change In 
 Increase (Decrease) Due to Change In 
 Total 
 Volume 
 Rate 

Total 
 Calendar
 (3)
 Volume 
 Rate 
 Earnings Assets: 
 Loans Held for Sale
 (2)
 
 (380) 
 
 (987) 
 
 607 
 
 (340) 
 
 (8) 
 
 (100) 
 
 (232) 
 Loans Held for Investment
 (2)
 9,684 
 9,782 
 (98) 
 2,071 
 (252) 
 2,092 
 231 
 Taxable Investment Securities 
 7,193 
 3,583 
 3,610 
 (1,451) 
 (28) 
 3,657 
 (5,080) 
 Tax-Exempt Investment Securities
 (2)
 (37) 
 (27) 
 (10) 
 (34) 
 - 
 (33) 
 (1) 
 Funds Sold 
 8,513 
 (178) 
 8,691 
 (173) 
 (3) 
 821 
 (991) 
 Total 
 
 24,973 
 
 12,173 
 
 12,800 
 73 
 
 (291) 
 
 6,437 
 
 (6,073) 
 Interest Bearing Liabilities: 
 NOW Accounts 
 
 2,505 
 
 31 
 
 2,474 
 (636) 
 
 (3) 
 
 159 
 
 (792) 
 Money Market Accounts 
 69 
 2 
 67 
 (89) 
 (1) 
 44 
 (132) 
 Savings Accounts 
 46 
 45 
 1 
 56 
 - 
 56 
 - 
 Time Deposits 
 (15) 
 (11) 
 (4) 
 (40) 
 (1) 
 (3) 
 (36) 
 Short-Term Borrowings 
 401 
 (331) 
 732 
 (330) 
 (4) 
 (383) 
 57 
 Subordinated Notes Payable 
 424 
 - 
 424 
 (244) 
 (4) 
 - 
 (240) 
 Other Long-Term Borrowings 
 (32) 
 (41) 
 9 
 (98) 
 - 
 (104) 
 6 
 Total 
 
 3,398 
 
 (305) 
 
 3,703 
 (1,381) 
 
 (13) 
 
 (231) 
 
 (1,137) 
 Changes in Net Interest Income 
 
 21,575 
 
 12,478 
 
 9,097 
 
 1,454 
 
 (278) 
 
 6,668 
 
 (4,936) 
 (1)
 
This table shows the change in taxable equivalent net interest income for comparative periods based on either changes in average 
 
volume or changes in average rates for interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities. Changes which are not solely 
 
due to volume changes or solely due to rate changes have been attributed to rate changes. SBA PPP loan income totaled less 
 
than 0.1 million in 2022, 7.9 million in 2021, and 3.2 million in 2020. 
 (2)
 
Interest income includes the effects of taxable equivalent adjustments using a 21 tax rate to adjust on tax-exempt loans and securities 
 
and securities to a taxable equivalent basis. 
 (3)
 
Reflects one extra calendar day in 2020. 
 Provision for Credit Losses
 For 2022, we recorded a provision for credit loss expense of 7.2 million 7.1 
million expense for loans HFI and 0.1 million 
 expense for unfunded loan commitments) compared to a provision benefit 
of 1.6 million for 2021 2.8 million benefit for loans 
 HFI and 1.2 million expense for unfunded loan commitments), and 
provision expense of 9.6 million for 2020 9.0 million 
 expense for loans HFI and 0.6 million expense for unfunded loan commitments). 
The higher level of provision in 2022 was 
 primarily attributable to strong loan growth and weaker projected economic 
conditions, primarily a higher rate of unemployment. 

 The credit loss provision in 2021 was favorably impacted by strong loan recoveries. 
We discuss the various 
factors that have 
 impacted our provision expense in more detail under the heading Allowance 
for Credit Losses. 
 Noninterest Income
 For 2022, noninterest income totaled 94.6 million, a 12.9 million decrease 
from 2021 due to lower mortgage banking revenues 
 of 21.8 million, partially offset by higher wealth management 
fees of 4.4 million, deposit fees of 3.2 million, other income of 
 1.2 million, and bank card fees of 0.1 million. 
Lower mortgage banking revenues at CCHL, for 2022 generally 
reflected a 
 reduction in refinancing activity and, to a lesser degree, lower purchase mortgage 
originations primarily driven by higher interest 
 rates. 
In addition, gain on sale margins were pressured due to a lower level of 
governmental loan originations and mandatory 
 delivery loan sales (both of which provide a higher gain on sale percentage). 
Strong best efforts adjustable rate production by 
 CCHL during 2022 contributed to the Bank s 
loan growth and earnings. 

41 
 For 2021, noninterest income totaled 107.5 million, a 3.6 million decrease 
from 2020 primarily attributable to lower mortgage 
 banking revenues of 10.9 million, partially offset by 
strong gains in wealth management fees of 2.7 million, bank card fees of 
 2.2 million, and deposit fees of 1.1 million. 
The decline in mortgage banking revenues was driven generally by lower 
 refinancing activity, 
a shift in production mix (lower government versus conventional product), and 
lower market driven gain on 
 sale margins. 

 Noninterest income as a percent of total operating revenues (net interest income plus 
noninterest income) was 43.19 in 2022, 
 51.11 in 2021, and 52.32 in 2020. 
In 2022 and 2021, lower mortgage banking revenues drove the decrease in 
the percentage. 

 The table below reflects the major components of noninterest income. 
 Table 4 
 NONINTEREST INCOME 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Deposit Fees 
 
 22,121 

18,882 
 
 17,800 
 Bank Card Fees 
 15,401 
 15,274 
 13,044 
 Wealth Management 
Fees 
 18,059 
 13,693 
 11,035 
 Mortgage Banking Revenues 
 30,624 
 52,425 
 63,344 
 Other 
 8,422 
 7,271 
 5,942 
 Total Noninterest 
Income 
 
 94,627 

107,545 
 
 111,165 
 Significant components of noninterest income are discussed in more 
detail below. 
 Deposit Fees
 . 
For 2022, deposit fees (service charge fees, insufficient 
fund/overdraft fees, and business account analysis fees) 
 totaled 22.1 million compared to 18.9 million in 2021 and 17.8 million 
in 2020. 
The 3.2 million, or 17.2 , increase in 2022 
 reflected higher monthly 
service charge fees and overdraft fees. 
The conversion, 
in the third quarter of 2021, of our remaining 
 free checking accounts to a monthly maintenance fee account type 
drove the increase in service charge fees. 
The increase in 
 overdraft fees was driven by higher utilization of our overdraft service 
which is closely correlated (inversely) with the consumer 
 savings rate which has declined noticeably since it substantially increased 
during 2020 and 2021 due to the high level of 
 governmental stimulus related to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
The 1.1 million, or 6.1 , increase in 2021 reflected the 
 aforementioned conversion of the remaining free checking accounts to 
a monthly maintenance fee account type. 

 Bank Card Fees
 . 
Bank card fees totaled 15.4 million in 2022 compared to 15.3 million in 2021 
and 13.0 million in 2020. 
The 
 slight increase in 2022 reflected incremental revenues from growth 
in new checking accounts that was partially offset by 
 transaction volume which reflected a slowdown in consumer spending. 
The favorable variance in 2021 generally reflected an 
 increase in card-not-present debit card transactions and increased on-line 
spending by our clients in part due to the pandemic and 
 significant government stimulus in 2020 and 2021. 

 Wealth 
Management Fees
 . 
Wealth management fees 
including both trust fees (i.e., managed accounts and trusts/estates) and 
 retail brokerage fees (i.e., investment, insurance products, and retirement 
accounts) totaled 18.1 million in 2022 compared to 
 13.7 million in 2021 and 11.0 million in 2020. 
The increase in 2022 was primarily due to higher insurance revenues of 3.7 
 million and retail brokerage fees of 0.6 million. 
The higher level of insurance revenues reflected the acquisition of 
CCSW in 
 2021. 
The increase in fees for 2021 reflected higher retail brokerage fees of 1.8 million 
and trust fees of 0.8 million. 
Higher 
 retail brokerage transaction volume and advisory accounts added 
from the acquisition of CCSW drove the increase in retail 
 brokerage fees. 
The increase in trust fees was primarily attributable to an increase in assets under management. 
At December 31, 
 2022, total assets under management AUM were approximately 
 2.273 billion compared to 2.324 billion at December 31, 
 2021 and 1.979 billion at December 31, 2020. 
The decrease in AUM in 2022 generally reflected lower account values/returns 
 reflective of volatile market conditions during the year partially offset 
by new account growth. 

42 
 Mortgage Banking Revenues
 . 
Mortgage banking revenues totaled 30.6 million in 2022 compared 
to 52.4 million in 2021 and 
 63.3 million in 2020. 
Lower mortgage 
banking revenues at CCHL for 2022 reflected a reduction in refinancing 
activity and, to a 
 lesser degree, lower purchase mortgage originations primarily driven 
by higher interest rates. 
In addition, gain on sale margins 
 were pressured due to a lower level of governmental loan originations and mandatory 
delivery loan sales (both of which provide a 
 higher gain on sale percentage). 
Throughout 2022, strong best efforts origination volume allowed 
us to book a steady flow of 
 adjustable rate residential loans in our portfolio which contributed to loan growth 
and earnings. 
In addition, continued stability in 
 our construction/permanent loan program partially offset the 
slowdown in secondary market originations. 
The decrease in 2021 
 was driven generally by lower refinancing volume, a shift in production mix (lower 
government versus conventional product), 
 and lower market driven gain on sale margins. 
We provide a detailed overview 
of our mortgage banking operation, including a 
 detailed break-down of mortgage banking revenues, mortgage 
servicing activity, and 
warehouse funding within Note 4 - 
 Mortgage Banking Activities in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Production volume totaled 1.02 billion in 2022, 
 1.52 billion in 2021, and 1.56 billion in 2020. 
Refinancing activity represented 13 of loan production in 2022, 30 in 2021, 
 and 40 in 2020. 
For 2022, CCHL realized a 0.2 million net loss 0.01 per diluted share) versus 
 3.9 million net income 
 0.23 per diluted share) in 2021, and 8.7 million net income 0.52 per 
diluted share) in 2020. 

 Other
 . 
Other noninterest income totaled 8.4 million in 2022 compared to 7.3 million 
in 2021 and 5.9 million in 2020. 
The 
 1.1 
million increase in 2022 
was primarily attributable to higher loan servicing fees at CCHL of 0.5 and 
a 0.4 million increase 
 in miscellaneous income, primarily from a 0.2 million gain on 
the termination of a lease. 
The 1.4 million increase in 2021 was 
 primarily attributable to higher loan servicing fees of 1.0 million at CCHL. 
The higher level of loan servicing fees at CCHL for 
 both 2021 and 2022 reflected a higher volume of servicing retained loan 
sales. 
 Noninterest Expense
 For 2022, noninterest expense totaled 161.8 million, a 0.7 million 
decrease from 2021 due to a decrease in compensation 
 expense of 0.9 million and other expense of 0.4 million, partially 
offset by an increase in occupancy expense of 0.6 million. 

 The reduction in compensation expense was primarily due to a decrease in salary expense 
of 1.6 million that was partially offset 
 by an increase in associate benefit expense of 0.7 million. 
The variance in salary expense reflected lower variable/performance-
 based compensation of 7.7 million and base salaries of 1.3 million at CCHL, partially 
offset by an increase in salary expense at 
 the Bank, including variable/performance-based compensation totaling 
 2.5 million, base salaries (merit and new market staffing 
 additions) of 3.1 million, and lower realized loan cost of 1.4 million 
(credit offset to salary expense). 
The increase in associate 
 benefit expense was due to an increase in insurance expense (utilized self-insurance 
reserves in 2021) of 0.6 million and stock 
 compensation expense of 0.7 million at the Bank. 
The net decrease in other expense was primarily due to lower pension plan 
 related costs, including a decrease of 4.9 million for the non-service 
cost component of our pension plan (reflected in pension 
 other) attributable to the utilization of a lower discount rate for plan liabilities 
and a decrease of 0.8 million for pension plan 
 settlement expense. 
These favorable variances were partially offset by an increase in 
the expense for other real estate expense of 
 1.2 million, travel/entertainment and advertising costs of 1.3 million 
(return to pre-pandemic levels and market expansion), 
 other losses of 0.9 million (primarily debit card and check fraud), mortgage 
servicing right amortization of 0.6 million, VISA 
 share swap conversion ratio payments of 0.4 million, FDIC insurance 
fees of 0.3 million, and other miscellaneous costs related 
 to training, hiring, and variable costs related to loan production. 
Gains from the sale of two banking offices in 2021 drove the 
 increase in other real estate expense. 
The increase in occupancy expense is related to lease expense for four new banking 
offices 
 added in 2022 and various software purchases, including network security 
and end of life upgrades. 
 For 2021, noninterest expense totaled 162.5 million, a 12.5 million 
increase over 2020 attributable to the addition of expenses 
 at CCHL (March 1, 2020 acquisition) of 2.3 million and higher expenses at the 
Bank totaling 10.2 million. 
The increase in 
 expenses at the Bank were primarily due to an increase in compensation expense 
of 3.7 million, including an increase in salary 
 expense of 3.1 million (merit raises and realized loan cost) and associate benefit 
expense of 0.6 million (primarily 
 pension/service cost), occupancy expense of 0.5 million, and other 
expense of 5.9 million. 
The increase in occupancy reflected 
 higher lease expense for two new loan production offices added in 2021 
and higher depreciation expense related to technology 
 investments. 
The increase in other expense was primarily 
due to pension plan settlement expense of 3.1 million and higher 
 expense of 2.1 million for the non-service cost component of our pension 
plan (reflected in pension other) attributable to the 
 utilization of a lower discount rate for plan liabilities. 
Increases in processing fees of 0.7 million (debit card volume), 
 professional fees of 0.6 million, and FDIC insurance fees of 0.5 
million (higher asset size) that were partially offset by a 
 decrease in other real estate expense of 1.6 million (gains from the sale of 
two banking offices in 2021), also contributed to the 
 increase in other expense. 

 Our operating efficiency ratio (expressed as noninterest 
expense as a percent of taxable equivalent net interest income plus 
 noninterest income) was 71.47 , 77.11 
and 70.43 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
The decrease in this metric for 2022 
 was primarily driven by higher taxable equivalent net interest income (refer 
to caption headed Net Interest Income and Margin) 
 and slightly lower noninterest expense. 
The increase in this metric for 2021 reflected higher noninterest expense, 
largely the 
 aforementioned higher level of pension plan expenses. 

43 
 Expense management is an important part of our culture and strategic focus. 
We will continue 
to review and evaluate 
 opportunities to optimize our delivery operations and invest in 
technology that provides 
favorable returns/scale and/or mitigates 
 risk. 
The table below reflects the major components of noninterest expense. 

 Table 5 
 NONINTEREST EXPENSE 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Salaries 
 
 83,613 
 
 85,211 
 
 80,846 
 Associate Benefits 
 16,929 
 16,259 
 15,434 
 Total Compensation 
 100,542 
 101,470 
 96,280 
 Premises 
 11,184 
 10,879 
 10,512 
 Equipment 
 13,390 
 13,053 
 12,147 
 Total Occupancy, 
net 
 24,574 
 23,932 
 22,659 
 Legal Fees 
 1,413 
 1,411 
 1,570 
 Professional Fees 
 5,437 
 5,633 
 4,863 
 Processing Services 
 6,534 
 6,569 
 5,832 
 Advertising 
 3,208 
 2,683 
 2,998 
 Travel and Entertainment 
 1,815 
 1,063 
 855 
 Telephone 
 2,851 
 2,975 
 2,869 
 Insurance Other 
 2,409 
 2,096 
 1,607 
 Pension - Other 
 (3,043) 
 1,913 
 (216) 
 Pension Settlement 
 2,321 
 3,072 
 - 
 Other Real Estate, Net 
 (337) 
 (1,488) 
 104 
 Miscellaneous 
 14,104 
 11,179 
 10,541 
 Total Other Expense 
 36,712 
 37,106 
 31,023 
 Total Noninterest 
Expense 
 
 161,828 
 
 162,508 
 
 149,962 
 Significant components of noninterest expense are discussed in more 
detail below. 
 Compensation
 . 
Compensation expense totaled 100.5 million in 2022 compared to 101.5 million 
in 2021, and 96.3 million in 
 2020. 
For 2022, the 0.9 million, or 0.9 , net decrease reflected a decrease in salary 
expense of 1.6 million that was partially 
 offset by an increase in associate benefit expense of 0.7 million. 
The decrease in salary expense was primarily due to lower 
 variable/performance-based compensation of 7.7 million 
and base salaries of 1.3 million at CCHL, partially 
offset by an 
 increase in salary expense at the Bank, primarily variable/performance 
-based compensation totaling 2.5 million, base salaries 
 (merit and new market staffing additions) of 3.1 million, 
and a decrease in realized loan cost of 1.4 million (credit offset to 
 salary expense). 
Further, the increase in associate benefit expense 
was primarily due to an increases in expenses 
at the Bank, 
 including associate insurance expense (utilized self-insurance reserves 
in 2021) of 0.6 million and stock compensation expense 
 of 0.7 million that was partially offset by a decrease in pension 
plan service cost of 0.5 million. 
 For 2021, the 5.2 million, or 5.4 , net increase was attributable to 
increases in salary expense of 4.4 million and associate 
 benefit expense of 0.8 million. 
Increases in salary expense of 3.1 million and associate benefit expense of 0.6 million 
at the 
 Bank drove a majority of the increase with the addition of CCHL compensation 
expense for a full 12-month period in 2021 versus 
 a ten month period in 2020 driving the remaining portion of the variance. 
The higher level of salary expense at the Bank reflected 
 an increase in base salaries of 1.8 million, primarily merit raises, and a decrease 
in realized loan cost of 0.8 million (credit 
 offset to salary expense). 
The increase in associate benefit expense at the Bank was attributable to an increase in 
pension plan 
 service cost of 1.1 million partially offset by a decrease in 
associate insurance expense of 0.4 million. 

 Occupancy
 . 
Occupancy expense (including premises and equipment) totaled 24.5 million for 
2022 compared to 23.9 million 
 for 2021, and 22.7 million for 2020. 
For 2022, the 0.6 
million, or 2.7 , increase was attributable to increases in software 
 license expense of 0.5 million and banking office 
lease expense of 0.3 million, partially offset by a decrease in 
maintenance and 
 repairs expense of 0.1 million. 
The increase in software license expense reflected software upgrades for personal 
computers and 
 network servers, and additional investment in network security monitoring 
software. 

44 
 For 2021, the 1.2 million, or 5.3 , increase was attributable to an 
increase in occupancy expense of 0.5 million at the Bank 
 primarily related to depreciation and software license expense for additional 
ATM/ITM 
investments and other infrastructure 
 investments for business line support and risk management. 
The remainder of the variance reflected CCHL occupancy expense 
 for a full 12-month period versus a ten month period in 2020. 

 Other
 . 
Other noninterest expense totaled 36.7 million in 2022 compared 
to 37.1 million in 2021 and 31.0 million in 2020. 

 For 2022, the 0.4 million, or 1.1 , decrease was due to lower expenses 
at the Bank, primarily a decrease in pension related 
 costs, including a decrease of 4.9 million for the non-service cost component 
of our pension plan (reflected in pension other) 
 attributable to the utilization of a lower discount rate for plan liabilities and a 
decrease of 0.8 million for pension plan settlement 
 expense. These favorable variances were partially offset 
by an increase in expenses for other real estate of 1.2 million (lower 
 gains from the sale of banking offices), 
travel/entertainment and advertising costs totaling 1.3 million (return to pre 
-pandemic 
 levels and market expansion), and insurance other (FDIC insurance 
premiums) of 0.3 million. 
Additional increases were 
 realized in the following expenses that are reflected in the miscellaneous expense 
category: other losses of 0.9 million (primarily 
 debit card and check fraud), mortgage servicing right amortization of 0.6 
million (higher level of servicing retained loan sales), 
 VISA Class B share swap conversion ratio payments of 0.4 million, and 
other miscellaneous costs for training, hiring, and 
 variable expenses related to loan production. 

 For 2021, the 6.1 million, or 19.7 , increase was driven by an increase 
in other expenses at the Bank of 5.9 million, primarily 
 an increase in pension related expenses, including higher expense 
of 2.1 million for the non-service cost component of our 
 pension plan attributable to the utilization of a lower discount rate for plan liabilities. 
Additionally, we incurred 3.1 
million in 
 pension settlement charges 
in 2021 related to a high level of lump sum payments to retirees. 
Lastly, we realized an 
increase in 
 expense for processing fees of 0.7 million (debit card volume), 
professional fees of 0.6 million (temporary staffing support), 
 and insurance other (FDIC insurance premiums) 
of 0.5 million (larger asset size), that were partially offset by 
a decrease in 
 other real estate expense of 1.6 million (higher gains from the sale of banking offices) 
contributed to the increase. 

 Income Taxes
 For 2022, we realized income tax expense of 10.1 million (effective 
rate of 20 compared to 9.8 million (effective rate of 
 20 for 2021 and 10.2 million (effective 
rate of 19 for 2020. 
Income tax expense for 2022 and 2021 was unfavorably 
 impacted due to lower CCHL income. 
For 2022, income tax expense was favorably impacted by 0.4 million related 
to tax 
 benefits accrued via a 2022 investment in a solar tax credit equity fund. 
Further, 2022 income tax expense was favorably 
 impacted by discrete tax items totaling 0.7 million related to a favorable deferred 
tax adjustment for our Supplemental Executive 
 Retirement Plan and a State of Florida corporate tax refund. 
Income 
tax expense for 2021 was unfavorably impacted by net 
 discrete tax items totaling 0.3 million. 

 In September 2021, Florida enacted a corporate tax rate reduction from 4.5 to 3.535 
retroactive to January 1, 2021, with an 
 expiration date of December 31, 2021, therefore, there was no material 
impact to our deferred tax accounts. 
Our 2021 and 2020 
 state tax rates were adjusted to reflect the one percentage point (2020) 
and two percentage point (2021) reductions each year. 
The 
 Florida tax rate reverted to 5.5 effective January 1, 
2022. 

 Absent discrete items, we expect our annual effective tax rate to approximate 
21 -22 in 2023. 

 FINANCIAL CONDITION
 Average assets totaled 
approximately 4.332 billion for 2022, an increase of 348.2 
million, or 8.7 , over 2021. 
Average 
 earning assets were approximately 3.989 billion for 2022, an increase 
of 336.8 million, or 9.2 , over 2021. 
Compared to 2021, 
 average overnight funds decreased 141.1 million, while investment securities 
increased 318.8 million and average loans held 
 for investment were higher by 188.9 million. 
We discuss these variances 
in more detail below. 
 Table 2 provides 
information on average balances and rates, Table 
3 provides an analysis of rate and volume variances and Table 
 6 highlights the changing mix of our interest earning assets over the last three fiscal 
years. 

45 
 Loans 
 In 2022, average loans HFI increased 188.9 million, or 9.4 , compared to 
an increase of 43.0 million, or 2.2 , in 2021. 
 Compared to 2021, the growth in average loans was broad based with increases 
realized in most loan categories, more 
 significantly so in the residential real estate, construction, and consumer 
(indirect auto) segments. 
Total loans HFI at December 
 31, 2022 totaled 2.525 billion, a 594 million increase over December 31, 2021 
and primarily reflected higher balances in the 
 following categories: residential real estate of 375 million, commercial 
real estate of 119 million, and construction of 60 
 million. 
At December 31, 2022, our consumer loans balances reflected direct loans 
of 22 million and indirect auto loans of 303 
 million. 
During 2022, indirect auto balances peaked at 338 million in May, 
but declined gradually for the remainder of the year 
 as we focused on reducing exposure to this loan segment which totaled 
 303 million at December 31, 2022. 

 As part of our overall strategy, 
we will purchase newly originated 1-4 family real estate secured adjustable rate 
loans from CCHL. 

 The strategic alliance with CCHL provides us a larger pool 
of loan purchase opportunities, including participation loans for 
 construction/perm product, 
which in large part drove the aforementioned increases in 
residential real estate and construction 
 loans.

Expansion into new markets in the Northern Arc of Atlanta, Georgia 
(Cobb and Gwinnett Counties) and Walton 
County, Florida 
 drove incremental loan growth of approximately 65 million in 2022 
as we added to those banking teams throughout 2022. 

 In 2022, average loans held for sale HFS decreased 29.8 million, or 38.1 , 
from 2021 due to lower loan volume at CCHL. 

 Loans HFI and HFS as a percentage of average earning assets decreased slightly 
to 56.1 in 2022 compared to 56.9 in 2021, 
 primarily attributable to an increase in our investment portfolio. 

 Table 6 
 SOURCES OF EARNING ASSET GROWTH 
 2021 to 
 Percentage 
 Components of 
 2022 
 Total 
 Average 
Earning Assets 
 (Average Balances Dollars In Thousands) 
 Change 
 Change 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Loans: 
 Loans HFS 
 
 (29,826) 
 (8.9) 
 
 1.2 
 
 2.1 
 
 2.6 
 
 Loans HFI: 
 Commercial, Financial, and Agricultural 
 (71,063) 
 (21.1) 
 6.0 
 8.5 
 11.7 
 Real Estate Construction 
 56,999 
 16.9 
 5.4 
 4.3 
 4.0 
 Real Estate Commercial Mortgage 
 23,031 
 6.8 
 17.6 
 18.6 
 21.1 
 Real Estate Residential 
 126,843 
 37.7 
 12.3 
 10.0 
 11.5 
 Real Estate Home Equity 
 908 
 0.3 
 4.9 
 5.3 
 6.4 
 Consumer 
 52,159 
 15.5 
 8.7 
 8.0 
 8.8 
 Total HFI Loans 
 188,877 
 56.1 
 54.9 
 54.7 
 63.5 
 Total Loans HFS and 
HFI 
 
 159,051 
 47.2 
 56.1 
 56.8 
 66.1 
 
 Investment Securities: 
 Taxable 
 
 319,923 
 95.0 
 
 27.5 
 
 21.3 
 
 18.6 
 
 Tax-Exempt 
 (1,104) 
 (0.3) 
 0.1 
 0.1 
 0.2 
 Total Securities 
 
 318,819 
 94.7 
 
 27.6 
 
 21.4 
 
 18.8 
 
 Funds Sold 
 (141,108) 
 (41.9) 
 16.3 
 21.8 
 15.1 
 Total Earning Assets 
 
 336,762 
 100 
 
 100 
 
 100 
 
 100 
 
 Our average total loans (HFS and HFI)-to-deposit ratio was 59.5 
in 2022, 61.0 in 2021, and 71.7 in 2020. 

 The composition of our HFI loan portfolio at December 31 for each of 
the past three years is shown in Table 
7. 
Table 8 arrays 
 our HFI loan portfolio at December 31, 2022, by maturity period. 
As a percentage of the HFI loan portfolio, loans with fixed 
 interest rates represented 33.3 at December 31, 2022 compared to 39.3 at December 
31, 2021. A higher level of 1-4 family 
 real estate secured adjustable rate loan production in 2022 drove the decrease 
in the percentage. 

46 
 Table 7 
 LOANS HFI BY CATEGORY 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Commercial, Financial and Agricultural 
 
 247,362 
 
 223,086 
 
 393,930 
 Real Estate Construction 
 234,519 
 174,394 
 135,831 
 Real Estate Commercial Mortgage 
 782,557 
 663,550 
 648,393 
 Real Estate Residential 
 727,105 
 360,021 
 352,543 
 Real Estate Home Equity 
 208,120 
 187,821 
 205,479 
 Consumer 
 325,517 
 322,593 
 270,250 
 Total Loans HFI, Net 
of Unearned Income 
 
 2,525,180 
 
 1,931,465 
 
 2,006,426 
 Table 8 
 LOANS HFI MATURITIES 
 Maturity Periods 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
 One Year 
 
or Less 
 Over One 
 Through 
 Five Years 
 
Five 
 Through 
 Fifteen 
 Years 
 Over 
 Fifteen 
 Years 
 Total 
 Commercial, 
Financial and Agricultural 
 
 51,514 
 
 128,783 
 
 65,957 
 
 1,108 
 
 247,362 
 Real Estate Construction 
 113,672 
 66,238 
 22,471 
 32,138 
 234,519 
 Real Estate Commercial Mortgage 
 46,776 
 112,180 
 330,311 
 293,290 
 782,557 
 Real Estate Residential 
 16,693 
 474,020 
 110,981 
 125,411 
 727,105 
 Real Estate Home Equity 
 3,820 
 10,815 
 79,532 
 113,953 
 208,120 
 Consumer
 (1)
 5,835 
 143,516 
 176,157 
 9 
 325,517 
 Total 
 
 238,310 
 
 935,552 
 
 785,409 
 
 565,909 
 
 2,525,180 
 Total Loans HFI with 
Fixed Rates 
 
 92,179 
 
 368,970 
 
 351,765 
 
 27,226 
 
 840,140 
 Total Loans HFI with 
Floating or Adjustable Rates 
 146,131 
 566,582 
 433,644 
 538,683 
 1,685,040 
 Total 
 
 238,310 
 
 935,552 
 
 785,409 
 
 565,909 
 
 2,525,180 
 (1)
 Demand loans and overdrafts are 
reported in the category of one year or less. 
 Credit Quality
 Table 9 provides 
the components of nonperforming assets and various other credit quality and risk metrics 
at December 31
 st
 
for 
 the last three fiscal years. 
Information regarding our accounting policies related to nonaccruals, past due loans, 
and troubled debt 
 restructurings is provided in Note 3 Loans Held for Investment and 
Allowance for Credit Losses. 
 Overall credit quality continues to remain strong. 
Nonperforming assets (nonaccrual loans and other real estate) totaled 2.7 
 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 4.3 million at December 
31, 2021. 
At December 31, 2022, nonperforming assets as a 
 percent of total assets was 0.06 , 
a decrease of four basis points from December 31, 2021. 

47 
 Table 9 
 CREDIT QUALITY 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Nonaccruing Loans: 
 Commercial, Financial and Agricultural 
 
 41 
 
 90 
 
 161 
 Real Estate Construction 
 17 
 - 
 179 
 Real Estate Commercial Mortgage 
 645 
 604 
 1,412 
 Real Estate Residential 
 239 
 2,097 
 3,130 
 Real Estate Home Equity 
 771 
 1,319 
 695 
 Consumer 
 584 
 212 
 294 
 Total Nonaccruing 
Loans 
 2,297 
 4,322 
 5,871 
 Other Real Estate Owned 
 431 
 17 
 808 
 Total Nonperforming 
Assets 
 
 2,728 
 
 4,339 
 
 6,679 
 Past Due Loans 30 89 Days 
 
 7,829 
 
 3,600 
 
 4,594 
 Performing Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 5,913 
 7,643 
 13,887 
 Classified Loans 
 
 19,342 
 
 17,912 
 
 17,631 
 Nonaccruing Loans/Loans 
 0.09 
 
 0.22 
 
 0.29 
 
 Nonperforming Assets/Total 
Assets 
 0.06 
 0.10 
 0.18 
 Nonperforming Assets/Loans Plus OREO 
 0.11 
 0.22 
 0.33 
 Allowance/Nonaccruing Loans 
 1,076.89 
 
 499.93 
 
 405.66 
 
 Nonaccrual Loans
 . 
Nonaccrual loans totaled 2.3 million at December 31, 2022, a 2.0 million decrease 
from December 31, 
 2021. 
Generally, loans are placed 
on nonaccrual status if principal or interest payments become 90 days past due or management 
 deems the collectability of the principal and interest to be doubtful. 
Once a loan is placed in nonaccrual status, all previously 
 accrued and uncollected interest is reversed against interest income. 
Interest income on nonaccrual loans is recognized when the 
 ultimate collectability is no longer considered doubtful. 
Loans are returned to accrual status when the principal and interest 
 amounts contractually due are brought current or when future payments 
are reasonably assured. 
If interest on our loans classified 
 as nonaccrual during 2022 had been recognized on a fully accruing basis, 
we would have recorded an additional 0.2 million of 
 interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Other Real Estate Owned
 . 
OREO represents property acquired as the result of borrower defaults 
on loans or by receiving a deed 
 in lieu of foreclosure. 
OREO is recorded at the lower of cost or estimated fair value, less estimated selling costs, at the 
time of 
 foreclosure. 
Write-downs occurring at foreclosure are 
charged against the allowance for credit losses. 
On an ongoing basis, 
 properties are either revalued internally or by a third-party appraiser as required 
by applicable regulations. 
Subsequent declines in 
 value are reflected as other noninterest expense. 
Carrying costs related to maintaining the OREO properties are expensed as 
 incurred and are also reflected as other noninterest expense. 
 OREO totaled 0.4 
million at December 31, 2022 versus 0.02 million at December 31, 2021. 
During 2022, we added properties 
 totaling 2.4 million and sold properties totaling 2.0 million. 
For 2021, we added properties totaling 1.7 million, sold 
 properties totaling 2.8 million, and recorded net favorable valuation 
adjustments totaling 0.3 
million. 
 Troubled 
Debt Restructurings TDRs ). 

 TDRs are loans on which, due to the deterioration in the borrower s 
financial condition, 
 the original terms have been modified and deemed a concession to the borrower. 
From time to time we will modify a loan as a 
 workout alternative. 
Most of these instances involve an extension of the loan term, an interest rate reduction, or 
a principal 
 moratorium. 
A TDR classification can be removed if the borrower s financial condition 
improves such that the borrower is no 
 longer in financial difficulty, 
the loan has not had any forgiveness of principal or interest, and the 
loan is subsequently refinanced 
 or restructured at market terms and qualifies as a new loan in calendar years after 
the year in which the restructuring took place. 
 Loans classified as TDRs at December 31, 2022 totaled 6.1 million compared 
to 8.0 million at December 31, 2021. 
Accruing 
 TDRs made up approximately 5.9 million of our TDR portfolio at December 
31, 2022, of which 0.3 million was over 30 days 
 past due. 
The weighted average rate for the loans within the accruing TDR portfolio was 5.96 . 
During 2022, we modified two 
 loan contracts totaling approximately 0.1 million compared to three 
loan contracts totaling approximately 0.6 
million during 
 2021. 
Our TDR default rate (default balance as a percentage of average TDRs) in 2022 and 2021 
was 0.0 and 4.1 , 
 respectively. 

48 
 Past Due Loans
 . 
A loan is defined as a past due loan when one full payment is past due or a contractual maturity 
is over 30 days 
 past due. 
Past due loans at December 31, 2022 totaled 7.8 million compared to 3.6 million 
at December 31, 2021. 
Indirect 
 auto loans represented a large portion of the increase and at December 
31, 2022 reflected 73 of total dollars past due and 72 
 of total dollars past due at December 31, 2021. 

Potential Problem Loans
 . 
Potential problem loans are defined as those loans which are now current but where management 
has 
 doubt as to the borrower s ability to comply with present 
loan repayment terms. 
At December 31, 2022, we had 2.8 million in 
 loans of this type which were not included in either of the nonaccrual, TDR or 
90 day past due loan categories compared to 1.5 
 million at December 31, 2021. 
Management monitors these loans closely and reviews their performance 
on a regular basis. 

Loan Concentrations
 . 
Loan concentrations exist when there are amounts loaned to multiple borrowers engaged 
in similar 
 activities which cause them to be similarly impacted by economic or other conditions 
and such amount exceeds 10 of total 
 loans. 
Due to the lack of diversified industry within our markets and the relatively 
close proximity of the markets, we have both 
 geographic concentrations as well as concentrations in the types of loans funded. 
Specifically, due to the nature of our markets, 
a 
 significant portion of our HFI loan portfolio has historically been 
secured with real estate, approximately 77 at December 31, 
 2022 and 72 at December 31, 2021 with the increase driven by a higher volume 
of 1-4 family residential real estate loans 
 originated in 2022. 
The primary types of real estate collateral are commercial properties and 1-4 family 
residential properties. 
 We review our 
loan portfolio segments and concentration limits on an ongoing basis and will make 
adjustments as needed to 
 mitigate/reduce risk to segments that reflect decline or stress. 

 We have established 
an internal lending limit of 10 million for the total aggregate amount of 
credit that will be extended to a 
 client and any related entities within our Board approved policies. 
This compares to our legal lending limit of approximately 91 
 million. 
 The following table summarizes our real estate loan category as segregated 
by the type of property. 
Property type concentrations 
 are stated as a percentage of total real estate loans at December 31. 
 Table 10 
 REAL ESTATE 
LOANS BY PROPERTY TYPE 
 2022 
 2021 
 Investor 
 Real Estate 
 Owner 
 Occupied 
 
Real Estate 
 Investor 
 Real Estate 
 Owner 
 Occupied 
 
Real Estate 
 Vacant 
Land, Construction, and Land Development 
 15.0 
 
 - 
 18.1 
 
 - 
 Improved Property 
 27.7 
 57.3 
 
 28.4 
 53.5 
 
 Total Real Estate Loans 
 42.7 
 
 57.3 
 
 46.5 
 
 53.5 
 
 A major portion of our real estate loan category is centered in the owner occupied 
category which carries a lower risk of non-
 collection than certain segments of the investor category. 
Approximately 42 of the investor real estate category was secured by 
 residential real estate at December 31, 2022. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The allowance for credit losses is a valuation account that is deducted from the 
loans amortized cost basis to present the net 
 amount expected to be collected on the loans. 
The allowance for credit losses is adjusted by a credit loss provision which is 
 reported in earnings and reduced by the charge-off 
of loan amounts, net of recoveries. 
Loans are charged off against the 
 allowance when management believes the uncollectability 
of a loan balance is confirmed. 
Expected recoveries do not exceed the 
 aggregate of amounts previously charged-off 
and expected to be charged-off. 
Expected credit loss inherent in non-cancellable 
 off-balance sheet credit exposures is provided through the 
credit loss provision, but recorded separately in other liabilities. 
 Management estimates the allowance balance using relevant available information, 
from internal and external sources, relating to 
 past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. 
Historical loan default and loss experience provides the 
 basis for the estimation of expected credit losses. 
Adjustments to historical loss information incorporate management s 
view of 
 current conditions and forecasts. 

 Detailed information regarding the methodology for estimating the 
amount reported in the allowance for credit losses is provided 
 in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies/Allowance for Credit Losses in 
the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

49 
 Note 3 Loans Held for Investment and Allowance for Credit Losses in the 
Consolidated Financial Statements provides the 
 activity in the allowance and the allocation by loan type for each of 
the past three fiscal years. 
 For 2022, we realized net loan charge-offs of 3.9 
million, or 0.18 , of average HFI loans, compared to net loan recoveries of 
 0.6 million, or 0.03 , for 2021, and net loan charge-offs 
of 2.4 
million, or 0.12 , for 2020. 
A majority of the increase in 2022 
 reflected higher commercial loan charge-offs and 
consumer loan (indirect auto) charge-offs, as well as a significant 
reduction in 
 loan recoveries. 
The increase in commercial loan charge-offs was primarily 
attributable to one problem loan relationship that was 
 resolved in the second quarter of 2022. 

 At December 31, 2022, the allowance for credit losses represented 0.98 
of HFI loans and provided coverage of 1,077 of 
 nonperforming loans compared to 1.12 and 500 , respectively, 
at December 31, 2021 and 1.19 and 406 , respectively, 
at 
 December 31, 2020. 

 At December 31, 2022, the allowance for credit losses for HFI loans totaled 
 24.7 million compared to 21.6 million at December 
 31, 2021 and 23.8 million at December 31, 2020. 
Incremental allowance related to loan growth, a higher projected rate of 
 unemployment and its effect on rates of default, and slower prepayment 
speeds (due to higher interest rates) were all contributing 
 factors driving the 3.1 million increase in the allowance during 2022. 
The 2.2 million decrease in the allowance for credit 
 losses in 2021 reflected improvements in forecasted economic conditions, favorable 
loan migration and net loan recoveries 
 totaling 0.6 million, partially offset by incremental 
reserves needed for loan growth (excluding SBA PPP). 

 Table 11 
 ALLOCATION OF 
ALLOWANCE 
FOR CREDIT LOSSES 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
 ACL 
 Amount 
 Percent of 
 Loans to 
 Total Loans 
 ACL 
 Amount 
 Percent of 
 Loans to 
 Total Loans 
 ACL 
 Amount 
 Percent of 
 Loans to 
 Total Loans 
 Commercial, Financial and Agricultural 
 
 1,506 
 9.8 

2,191 
 11.6 

2,204 
 19.6 
 
 Real Estate: 
 Construction 
 2,654 
 9.3 
 3,302 
 9.0 
 2,479 
 6.8 
 Commercial 
 4,815 
 31.0 
 5,810 
 34.4 
 7,029 
 32.3 
 Residential 
 10,409 
 28.8 
 4,129 
 18.6 
 5,440 
 17.6 
 Home Equity 
 1,864 
 8.2 
 2,296 
 9.7 
 3,111 
 10.2 
 Consumer 
 3,488 
 12.9 
 3,878 
 16.7 
 3,553 
 13.5 

Total 
 
 24,736 
 100 

21,606 
 100 

23,816 
 100 
 
 Investment Securities
 Our average investment portfolio balance increased 318.8 
million, or 40.7 , in 2022 and increased 203.4 million, or 35.1 , 
in 
 2021. 
As a percentage of average earning assets, our investment portfolio represented 
27.6 in 2022, compared to 21.4 in 
 2021. 
In 2022, the growth in the investment portfolio was attributable to an investment 
purchase program implemented to take 
 advantage of higher rates and deploy a portion of our excess liquidity 
, 
in addition to reinvesting a portion of the portfolio cash 
 flow during the year. As we continue 
to monitor our overall liquidity levels throughout 2023, we will allow cash flow from 
the 
 investment portfolio to run-off and we will review 
various investment strategies as appropriate. 

 In 2022, average taxable investments increased 319.9 million, 
or 41.1 , while tax-exempt investments decreased 1.1 million, 
 or 29.3 . 
Taxable bonds increased 
as part of our overall investment strategy, 
and non-taxable investments decreased as the tax-
 equivalent yield was generally unattractive throughout 2022 
compared to taxable investments. 
At December 31, 2022, municipal 
 securities (taxable and non-taxable) comprised 3.8 of the portfolio. 

 Our investment portfolio is a significant component of our operations and, as such, 
it functions as a key element of liquidity and 
 asset/liability management. 
Two types of classifications 
are approved for investment securities which are Available 
-for-Sale 
 AFS and Held-for-Maturity HTM ). 
In 2022 and 2021, we purchased securities under both the AFS and 
HTM designations. 

 At December 31, 2022, 413.3 million, or 38.5 of our investment portfolio 
was classified as AFS, with 660.7 million, or 
 61.5 , classified as HTM. 
At December 31, 2021, the AFS and HTM portfolio comprised 65.8 
and 34.1 , respectively. 

 During the third quarter of 2022, U.S. Treasury 
obligations totaling 168.4 million with unrealized losses of 9.4 million were 
 transferred from AFS to HTM. 
At December 31, 2022, 7.9 million was remaining in unrealized losses for these securities. 

50 
 Table 12 provides 
the composition of our investment securities portfolio at December 31 for each of 
the last three fiscal years. 
 Table 12 
 INVESTMENT SECURITIES COMPOSITION 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
 Carrying 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 Carrying 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 Carrying 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 Available for 
Sale 
 U.S. Government Treasury 
 
 22,050 
 2.1 

187,868 
 18.9 

104,519 
 21.1 
 
 U.S. Government Agency 
 186,052 
 17.3 
 237,578 
 23.9 
 208,531 
 42.2 
 States and Political Subdivisions 
 40,329 
 3.8 
 46,980 
 4.7 
 3,632 
 0.7 
 Mortgage-Backed Securities 
 69,405 
 6.5 
 88,869 
 8.9 
 515 
 0.1 
 Corporate Debt Securities 
 88,236 
 8.2 
 86,222 
 8.7 
 - 
 - 
 Other Securities 
 7,222 
 0.6 
 7,094 
 0.7 
 7,673 
 1.6 
 Total 

 413,294 
 38.5 
 654,611 
 65.8 
 324,870 
 65.7 
 Held to Maturity 
 U.S. Government Treasury 
 457,374 
 42.6 
 115,499 
 11.6 
 5,001 
 1.0 
 Mortgage-Backed Securities 
 203,370 
 18.9 
 224,102 
 22.5 
 164,938 
 33.3 
 Total 
 660,744 
 61.5 
 339,601 
 34.1 
 169,939 
 34.3 
 Other Equity Securities 
 10 
 - 
 861 
 0.1 
 - 
 - 
 Total Investment 
Securities 
 
 1,074,048 
 100 

995,073 
 100 

494,809 
 100 
 
 The classification of a security is determined upon acquisition based 
on how the purchase will affect our asset/liability strategy 
 and future business plans and opportunities. 
Classification determinations will also factor in regulatory capital requirements, 
 volatility in earnings or other comprehensive income, and liquidity 
needs. 
Securities in the AFS portfolio are recorded at fair 
 value with unrealized gains and losses associated with these securities recorded 
net of tax, in the accumulated other 
 comprehensive income (loss) component of shareowners equity. 
Securities designated as HTM are those acquired or owned with 
 the intent of holding them to maturity (final payment date). 
HTM investments are measured at amortized cost. 
It is neither 
 management s current 
intent nor practice to participate in the trading of investment securities for the purpose of recognizing 
gains 
 and therefore we do not maintain a trading portfolio. 
 At December 31, 2022, there were 928 positions (combined AFS and HTM) 
with pre-tax unrealized losses totaling 90.0 million. 

 The GNMA mortgage-backed securities, U.S. Treasuries, 
and SBA securities held carry the full faith and credit guarantee of 
the 
 U.S. Government, and are 0 risk-weighted assets. 
Other mortgage-backed securities held (Federal National Mortgage 
 Association and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation) are issued by 
U.S. Government sponsored entities. 
Direct 
 obligations of U.S. Government agencies (Federal Farm Credit Bank and 
Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta) are also owned. 

 We believe the 
long history of no credit losses on government securities indicates that the expectation 
of nonpayment of the 
 amortized cost basis is zero. 
A large portion of the SBA securities float monthly or quarterly with 
the prime rate and are 
 uncapped. 
The remaining positions owned are municipal and corporate bonds. 
At December 31, 2022, 26 corporate positions 
 had a total allowance for credit loss of 28,000 and 21 municipal positions had 
a total allowance for credit loss of 13,000. 
All of 
 these positions maintain an overall rating of at least A- , and all are expected to 
mature at par. 

 The average maturity of our investment portfolio at December 31, 2022 
was 3.57 years compared to 3.62 years at December 31, 
 2021. 
The average life of our investment portfolio decreased slightly primarily 
due to the natural aging of the portfolio, partially 
 offset by a portion of the portfolio being reinvested into short-to-intermediate 
term securities. 

 The weighted average taxable equivalent yield of our investment portfolio 
at December 31, 2022 was 2.03 versus 1.12 in 
 2021. 
This increase in yield reflected higher reinvestment rates during 2022. 
Our bond portfolio contained no investments in 
 obligations, other than U.S. Governments, of any state, municipality, 
political subdivision, or any other issuer that exceeded 10 
 of our shareowners equity at December 31, 2022. 

 Table 13 and Note 2 
in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements present a detailed analysis of our 
investment securities as 
 to type, maturity, unrealized 
losses, and yield at December 31.

51 
 Table 13 
 MATURITY DISTRIBUTION 
OF INVESTMENT SECURITIES 
 Within 1 year 
 1 - 5 years 
 5 - 10 years 
 After 10 years 
 Total 
 (Dollars in 
 Thousands) 
 Amount 
 WAY
 (3)
 Amount 
 WAY
 (3)
 Amount 
 WAY
 (3)
 Amount 
 WAY
 (3)
 Amount 
 WAY
 (3)
 Available for Sale 
 U.S. Government 
 Treasury 
 
 2,862 
 4.40 

19,188 
 0.70 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

22,050 
 1.18 
 
 U.S. Government 
 Agency 
 40,904 
 1.39 
 143,233 
 2.99 
 1,915 
 1.70 
 - 
 - 
 186,052 
 2.62 
 States and Political 
 Subdivisions 
 4,039 
 1.42 
 17,298 
 1.35 
 18,992 
 1.85 
 - 
 - 
 40,329 
 0.72 
 Mortgage-Backed 
 Securities
 (1)
 1 
 2.03 
 4,424 
 1.26 
 46,069 
 2.13 
 18,911 
 2.39 
 69,405 
 2.14 
 Corporate Debt 
 Securities 
 1,000 
 5.05 
 65,554 
 1.77 
 21,682 
 2.18 
 - 
 - 
 88,236 
 1.91 
 Other Securities
 (2)
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 7,222 
 5.79 
 7,222 
 5.79 
 Total 
 
 48,806 
 1.64 

249,697 
 2.35 

88,658 
 2.07 

26,133 
 3.33 

413,294 
 2.23 
 
 Held to Maturity 
 U.S. Government 
 Treasury 
 
 - 
 - 

457,374 
 1.93 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

457,374 
 1.93 
 
 Mortgage-Backed 
 Securities
 (1)
 2,582 
 2.59 
 138,781 
 1.83 
 62,007 
 1.80 
 - 
 - 
 203,370 
 1.83 
 Total 
 
 2,582 
 2.59 

596,155 
 1.91 

62,007 
 1.80 

- 
 - 

660,744 
 1.90 
 
 Equity Securities 
 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

10 
 5.63 

10 
 5.63 
 
 Total Investment 
 Securities 
 
 51,388 
 1.69 

845,852 
 2.04 

150,665 
 1.96 

26,143 
 3.34 

1,074,048 
 2.03 
 
 (1)
 
Based on weighted-average maturity. 
 (2)
 
Federal Home Loan Bank Stock and Federal Reserve 
Bank Stock are included in this category for weighted average yield, but 
do not have stated maturities. 
 (3)
 
Weighted average yield calculated based on current amortized cost balances not presented on a tax equivalent basis. 
 Deposits and Short-Term 
Borrowings
 Average total 
deposits for 2022 were 3.763 billion, an increase of 356.5 million, or 10.5 , over 
2021. Average deposits 
 increased 562.5 million, or 19.8 , from 2020 to 2021.
 
Both year-over-year increases occurred in all deposit types except 
 certificates of deposit, with the largest increases occurring 
in noninterest bearing, 
NOW accounts, and savings accounts. 

 Strong deposit growth occurred during 2022 reflecting additional federal stimulus 
inflows as well as core deposit growth. 
In 
 addition, strong seasonal growth of public funds occurred in the fourth quarter 
of 2022 which is expected to be drawn down over 
 the course of 2023. 

 The FOMC has increased their benchmark interest rate aggressively by 
425 basis points during 2022. This resulted in a shift in 
 deposit mix which we began to see in the fourth quarter of 2022, primarily 
in two large corporate clients totaling approximately 
 40 million that migrated from noninterest bearing to interest bearing deposit accounts. 
Also in the fourth quarter, we began to 
 realize some run-off of stimulus funds and core deposits from 
our more rate sensitive clients in favor of higher yielding 
 investments. 
We have several strategies in 
place to protect core deposits and mitigate 
deposit run-off, and we will continue to 
 closely monitor several metrics such as the sensitivity of our clients to our deposit 
rates, our overall liquidity position, and 
 competitor rates when pricing deposits. 
This strategy is consistent with previous rate cycles and allows us to manage 
the mix of 
 our deposits as well as the overall client relationship rather than competing 
solely on rate. 
We believe this enabled 
us to maintain 
 a low cost of funds (interest expense/average earning assets) of 
17 basis points for 2022 and 10 basis points for 2021. 

52 
 Table 2 provides 
an analysis of our average deposits, by category, 
and average rates paid thereon for each of the last three fiscal 
 years. Table 14 reflects 
the shift in our deposit mix over the last year and Table 
15 provides a maturity distribution of time 
 deposits in denominations of 250,000 and over at December 31, 2022. 
For 2022, noninterest bearing deposits represented 44.9 
 of total average deposits. 
This compares to 44.7 in 2021 and 44.1 in 2020. 
 Average short 
-term borrowings decreased 13.0 million in 2022 primarily due to the decline in warehouse 
line borrowings at 
 CCHL that are used to support our held for sale loan portfolio. 
See Note 11 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
for 
 additional information on short-term borrowings. 
 We continue 
to focus on the value of our deposit franchise, which produces a strong base of core 
deposits with minimal reliance 
 on wholesale funding. 
 Table 14 
 SOURCES OF DEPOSIT GROWTH 
 2021 to 
 Percentage 
 Components of 
 2022 
 of Total 
 Total 
Deposits 
 (Average Balances - Dollars in 
Thousands) 
 Change 
 Change 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Noninterest Bearing Deposits 
 
 167,415 
 47.0 
 
 44.9 
 
 44.7 
 
 44.1 
 
 NOW Accounts 
 100,518 
 28.2 
 28.3 
 28.3 
 29.0 
 Money Market Accounts 
 4,801 
 1.3 
 7.5 
 8.2 
 8.3 
 Savings Accounts 
 91,290 
 25.6 
 16.7 
 15.8 
 14.9 
 Time Deposits 
 (7,574) 
 (2.1) 
 2.6 
 3.0 
 3.7 
 Total Deposits 
 
 356,450 
 100 
 
 100 
 
 100 
 
 100 
 
 Table 15 
 MATURITY DISTRIBUTION 
OF CERTIFICATES 
OF DEPOSITS GREATER 
THAN 250,000 
 2022 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
 
Certificates 

 of Deposit 
 Percent 
 Three months or less 
 
 1,518 
 12.2 
 
 Over three through six months 
 2,356 
 18.9 
 Over six through twelve months 
 2,527 
 20.3 
 Over twelve months 
 6,048 
 48.6 
 Total 
 
 12,449 
 100 
 
 Market Risk and Interest Rate Sensitivity
 Overview.

Market risk arises from changes in interest rates, exchange rates, 
commodity prices, and equity prices. 
We have risk 
 management policies designed to monitor and limit exposure to market 
risk and we do not participate in activities that give rise to 
 significant market risk involving exchange rates, commodity prices, or 
equity prices. 
In asset and liability management activities, 
 our policies are designed to minimize structural interest rate risk. 
 Interest Rate Risk Management.

Our net income is largely dependent on net interest income. 
Net interest income is susceptible to 
 interest rate risk to the degree that interest-bearing liabilities mature 
or reprice on a different basis than interest-earning 
 assets. 
When interest-bearing liabilities mature or reprice more quickly than interest-earning 
assets in a given period, a significant 
 increase in market rates of interest could adversely affect net interest income. 
Similarly, when interest-earning 
assets mature or 
 reprice more quickly than interest-bearing liabilities, falling market interest rates 
could result in a decrease in net interest 
 income. 
Net interest income is also affected by changes in the portion of interest-earning 
assets that are funded by interest-
 bearing liabilities rather than by other sources of funds, such as noninterest 
-bearing deposits and shareowners equity. 

53 
 We have established 
what we believe to be a comprehensive interest rate risk management policy, 
which is administered by 
 management s Asset Liability Management 
Committee ALCO ). 
The policy establishes limits of risk, which are quantitative 
 measures of the percentage change in net interest income (a measure of net 
interest income at risk) and the fair value of equity 
 capital (a measure of economic value of equity EVE at risk) resulting from 
a hypothetical change in interest rates for 
 maturities from one day to 30 years. 
We measure the 
potential adverse impacts that changing interest rates may have on our 
 short-term earnings, long-term value, and liquidity by employing 
simulation analysis through the use of computer modeling. 
The 
 simulation model captures optionality factors such as call features and 
interest rate caps and floors imbedded in investment and 
 loan portfolio contracts. 
As with any method of gauging interest rate risk, there are certain shortcomings inherent 
in the interest 
 rate modeling methodology used by us. 
When interest rates change, actual movements in different categories 
of interest-earning 
 assets and interest-bearing liabilities, loan prepayments, and withdrawals 
of time and other deposits, may deviate significantly 
 from assumptions used in the model. 
Finally, the methodology does not 
measure or reflect the impact that higher rates may have 
 on adjustable-rate loan clients ability to service their debts, or the impact of 
rate changes on demand for loan and deposit 
 products. 
 The statement of financial condition is subject to testing for interest rate shock 
possibilities to indicate the inherent interest rate 
 risk. 
We prepare 
a current base case and several alternative interest rate simulations (+/- 100, 200, 300, and 
400 basis points 
 (bp)), at least once per quarter, and report the analysis 
to ALCO, our Market Risk Oversight Committee MROC ), our Risk 
 Oversight Committee ROC and the Board of Directors. 
(The -200bp, -300bp, and -400bp rate scenarios were not modeled in 
 2021 due to the low interest rate environment below 2.00 ). We 
augment our interest rate shock analysis with alternative interest 
 rate scenarios on a quarterly basis that may include ramps, parallel shifts, and a flattening 
or steepening of the yield curve (non-
 parallel shift). 
In addition, more frequent forecasts may be produced when interest rates are 
particularly uncertain or when other 
 business conditions so dictate. 
 Our goal is to structure the statement of financial condition so that net interest earnings at 
risk over 12-month and 24-month 
 periods and the economic value of equity at risk do not exceed policy guidelines 
at the various interest rate shock levels. 
We 
 attempt to achieve this goal by balancing, within policy limits, the volume 
of floating-rate liabilities with a similar volume of 
 floating-rate assets, by keeping the average maturity of fixed-rate asset and liability 
contracts reasonably matched, by managing 
 the mix of our core deposits, and by adjusting our rates to market conditions on 
a continuing basis. At December 31, 2022, the 
 instantaneous 
rate shock of -200bp, -300bp and -400bp over 12-months and over 24-months was outside 
of the desired parameters 
 due to the limited ability to reprice deposits in these respective shock 
scenarios. 

Analysis.

Measures of net interest income at risk produced 
by simulation analysis are indicators of an institution s 
short-term 
 performance in alternative rate environments. 
These measures are typically based upon a relatively brief period, and do not 
 necessarily indicate the long-term prospects or economic value of the institution. 

Table 16 
 ESTIMATED CHANGES 
IN NET INTEREST INCOME
 (1) 
 Percentage Change (12-month shock) 
 +400 bp 
 +300 bp 
 +200 bp 
 +100 bp 
 -100 bp 
 -200 bp 
 -300 bp 
 -400 bp 
 Policy Limit 
 -15.0 
 
 -12.5 
 
 -10.0 
 
 -7.5 
 
 -7.5 
 
 -10.0 
 
 -12.5 
 
 -15.0 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 11.3 
 
 8.4 
 
 5.5 
 
 2.8 
 
 -5.0 
 
 -12.3 
 
 -20.0 
 
 -27.1 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 36.6 
 
 27.2 
 
 17.8 
 
 8.7 
 
 -6.2 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 Percentage Change (24-month shock) 
 +400 bp 
 +300 bp 
 +200 bp 
 +100 bp 
 -100 bp 
 -200 bp 
 -300 bp 
 -400 bp 
 Policy Limit 
 -17.5 
 
 -15.0 
 
 -12.5 
 
 -10.0 
 
 -10.0 
 
 -12.5 
 
 -15.0 
 
 -17.5 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 31.3 
 
 25.2 
 
 19.0 
 
 13.1 
 
 -2.0 
 
 -13.8 
 
 -25.7 
 
 -36.3 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 55.0 
 
 40.5 
 
 26.1 
 
 12.2 
 
 -11.1 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 The Net Interest Income at risk position was generally less favorable 
at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 for 
 the 12-month and 24-month shocks for rising rate scenarios. 
Strong loan growth and a reduction in our overnight funds balance 
 during the year made us less asset sensitive, which is less favorable 
in rising rate environments, and more favorable in a falling 
 rate environment. 

 Net Interest Income at risk is within our prescribed policy limits over 
both the 12-month and 24-month periods for all rising rate 
 scenarios, and the down 100 bps rate scenario. 
The percent change over both a 12-month and 24-month shock are outside of 
 policy in a rates down 200 bps, down 300 bps, and down 400 bps scenarios due 
to our limited ability to lower our deposit rates 
 relative to the decline in market rate. 
In addition, this analysis incorporates an instantaneous, parallel shock and 
assumes we 
 move with market rates and do not lag our deposit rates. 

54 
 The measures of equity value at risk indicate our ongoing economic value 
by considering the effects of changes in interest rates 
 on all of our cash flows by discounting the cash flows to estimate the present value of 
assets and liabilities. The difference 
 between these discounted values of the assets and liabilities is the economic value 
of equity, which in theory 
approximates the fair 
 value of our net assets. 
 Table 17 
 ESTIMATED CHANGES 
IN ECONOMIC VALUE 
OF EQUITY
 (1) 
 Changes in Interest Rates 
 +400 bp 
 +300 bp 
 +200 bp 
 +100 bp 
 -100 bp 
 -200 bp 
 
-300 bp 
 -400 bp 
 Policy Limit 
 -30.0 
 
 -25.0 
 
 -20.0 
 
 -15.0 
 
 -15.0 
 
 -20.0 
 
 -25.0 
 
 -30.0 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 11.0 
 
 9.0 
 
 6.4 
 
 3.6 
 
 -7.4 
 
 -18.8 
 
 -30.9 
 
 -40.1 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 31.5 
 
 24.6 
 
 16.5 
 
 8.2 
 
 -19.0 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 EVE Ratio (policy minimum 5.0 
 21.7 
 
 21.0 
 
 20.1 
 
 19.2 
 
 16.6 
 
 14.3 
 
 12.0 
 
 10.2 
 
 (1)
 Down 200, 300 and 400 bp rate scenarios have been added due to the current 
interest rate environment.
 At December 31, 2022, the economic value of equity was favorable 
in all rising rate environments and was within prescribed 
 tolerance levels. 
Factors that can impact EVE values include the absolute level of rates, the overall structure 
of the balance sheet 
 (including liquidity levels), pre-payment speeds, loan floors, 
and the change of model assumptions. 
 Although the change in EVE exceeds policy guidelines in the down 
300 bps and down 400 bps rate scenarios, the EVE Ratios 
 (EVE/EVA) 
were 12.0 and 10.2 , respectively, 
at December 31, 2022 and were therefore within policy 
guidelines. 
EVE is out 
 of compliance only if BOTH the EVE and EVE ratio are outside of policy guidelines. 
Therefore, EVE is currently in compliance 
 with policy in all rate scenarios. 

 As the interest rate environment and the dynamics of the economy continue to change, 
additional simulations will be analyzed to 
 address not only the changing rate environment, but also the changing 
statement of financial condition mix, measured over 
 multiple years, to help assess the risk to the Company. 

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL 
RESOURCES
 Liquidity
 In general terms, liquidity is a measurement of our ability to meet our 
cash needs. 
Our objective in managing our liquidity is to 
 maintain our ability to fund loan commitments, purchase securities, accommodate 
deposit withdrawals or repay other liabilities in 
 accordance with their terms, without an adverse impact on our current or 
future earnings. 
Our liquidity strategy is guided by 
 policies that are formulated and monitored by our ALCO and senior management, 
and which take into account the marketability 
 of assets, the sources and stability of funding and the level of unfunded commitments. 
We regularly evaluate 
all of our various 
 funding sources with an emphasis on accessibility, 
stability, reliability, 
and cost-effectiveness. 
For 2022 
and 2021, our principal 
 source of funding was client deposits, supplemented by our short-term 
and long-term borrowings, primarily from our trust-
 preferred securities, securities sold under repurchase agreements, federal 
funds purchased, and FHLB borrowings. 
We believe 
 that the cash generated from operations, our borrowing capacity and 
our access to capital resources are sufficient to meet our 
 future operating capital and funding requirements. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had the ability to generate approximately 1.354 
billion in additional liquidity through all of our 
 available resources beyond our overnight funds sold position. 
In addition to the primary borrowing outlets mentioned above, we 
 also have the ability to generate liquidity by borrowing from the Federal Reserve 
Discount Window and through brokered 
 deposits. 
We recognize 
the importance of maintaining liquidity and have developed a Contingent Liquidity 
Plan, which addresses 
 various liquidity stress levels and our response and action based on the 
level of severity. 
We periodically 
test our credit facilities 
 for access to the funds, but also understand that as the severity of the liquidity 
level increases certain credit facilities may no 
 longer be available. 
We conduct quarterly liquidity 
stress tests and the results are reported to ALCO, MROC, ROC and the Board 
 of Directors. 
We believe the liquidity 
available to us is sufficient to meet our ongoing needs. 

We also view our 
investment portfolio as a liquidity source and have the option to pledge securities in our 
portfolio as collateral 
 for borrowings or deposits, and/or to sell selected securities. 
Our portfolio consists of debt issued by the U.S. Treasury, 
U.S. 
 governmental agencies, municipal governments, and corporate entities. 
The weighted-average maturity of our portfolio was 3.57 
 years at December 31, 2022 and the available-for-sale portfolio had a net unrealized 
pre-tax loss of 41.9 million. 

55 
 Our average net overnight funds sold position (defined as funds sold plus interest-bearing 
deposits with other banks less funds 
 purchased) was 649.8 million in 2022 compared to an average net overnight 
funds sold position of 790.9 million in 2021. 
The 
 declining overnight funds position in 2022 reflected strong growth in 
average loans. 

 We expect capital 
expenditures over the next 12 months to be approximately 8.0 million, which 
will consist primarily of 
 technology purchases for banking offices, office 
leasehold improvements, business applications, and information technology 
 security needs as well as furniture and fixtures and banking office 
remodels. 
We expect that these capital 
expenditures will be 
 funded with existing resources without impairing our ability to meet our 
ongoing obligations. 
 Borrowings 
 At December 31, 2022, total advances from the FHLB consisted of 
 0.6 million in outstanding debt comprised of three notes. 
In 
 2022, the Bank made FHLB advance payments totaling 0.9 million. 
Two advances 
matured, none were paid off, and no new 
 fixed rate advances were obtained in 2022. The FHLB notes are collateralized 
by a floating lien on certain 1-4 family residential 
 mortgage loans, commercial real estate mortgage loans, and home equity 
mortgage loans. 

 We have issued two 
junior subordinated deferrable interest notes to wholly owned Delaware statutory 
trusts. 
The first note for 
 30.9 million was issued to CCBG Capital Trust I in 
November 2004. 
The second note for 32.0 million was issued to CCBG 
 Capital Trust II in May 2005. 

 In the second quarter of 2020, we entered into a derivative cash flow hedge of our 
interest rate risk related to our subordinated 
 debt. 
The notional amount of the derivative is 30 million 10 million of the CCBG Capital Trust 
I borrowing and 20 million 
 of the CCBG Capital Trust II borrowing). 
The interest rate swap agreement requires CCBG to pay fixed and receive variable 
 (Libor plus spread) and has an average all-in fixed rate of 2.50 for 10 years. 
Additional detail on the interest rate swap 
 agreement is provided in Note 5 Derivatives in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 For 2022, average short-term borrowings, 
consisting primarily of CCHL warehouse line balances, declined 13.0 million 
 compared to 2021 due to lower residential loan production volume which 
reduced short-term borrowing needs. 
 See Note 11 Short Term 
Borrowings and Note 12 Long Term 
Borrowings in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 for additional information on borrowings. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we have entered into contractual obligations 
and have made other commitments to make future 
 payments. Refer to the accompanying notes to consolidated financial 
statements elsewhere in this report for the expected timing 
 of such payments as of December 31, 2022. These include payments related 
to (i) long-term borrowings (Note 12 Long-Term 
 Borrowings), (ii) short-term borrowings (Note 11 
 Short-Term Borrowings), 
(iii) operating leases (Note 7 Leases), (iv) time 
 deposits with stated maturities (Note 10 Deposits), and (v) commitments 
to extend credit and standby letters of credit (Note 21 
 Commitments and Contingencies). 
 Capital Resources 
 Shareowners equity was 394.0 million at December 31, 2022 
compared to 383.2 million at December 31, 2021. 
For 2022, 
 shareowners equity was positively impacted by net income attributable 
to common shareowners of 40.1 million, a 3.1 million 
 increase in the fair value of the interest rate swap related to subordinated debt, stock 
compensation accretion of 1.3 million, net 
 adjustments totaling 1.6 million related to transactions under our 
stock compensation plans, and an 8.7 million decrease in the 
 accumulated other comprehensive loss for our pension plan. 
Shareowners equity was reduced by common stock dividends of 
 11.2 million 0.66 per share) and a 32.8 million 
increase in the unrealized loss on investment securities. 
Additional historical 
 information on capital changes is provided in the Consolidated Statements of 
Changes in Shareowners Equity in the 
 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 We continue 
to maintain a strong capital position. 
The ratio of shareowners' equity to total assets at December 31, 2022 was 
 8.71 
compared to 8.99 at December 31, 2021. 
Further, our tangible common equity ratio was 6.79 
 
(non-GAAP financial 
 measure) at December 31, 2022 compared to 6.95 at December 31, 2021. 
The decline in the ratios in 2022 was substantially 
 due to an increase in the unrealized loss on available-for-sale 
securities. 

 We are subject to 
regulatory risk-based capital requirements that measure capital relative 
to risk-weighted assets and off-balance 
 sheet financial instruments. 
At December 31, 2022, our total risk-based capital ratio was 15.52 compared 
to 17.15 at 
 December 31, 2021. 
Our common equity tier 1 capital ratio was 12.64 
and 13.86 , respectively, on 
these dates. 
Our leverage 
 ratio was 9.06 
and 8.95 , respectively, on 
these dates. 
With the exception of the leverage ratio, the decline 
in our regulatory 
 capital ratios compared to 2021 was attributable to strong loan growth during 
2022. 
For a detailed discussion of our regulatory 
 capital requirements, refer to the Regulatory Considerations Capital Regulations 
section on page 15. 
See Note 17 in the 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information as to 
our capital adequacy. 

56 
 At December 31, 2022, our common stock had a book value of 23.12 per diluted 
share compared to 22.63 at December 31, 
 2021. 
Book value is impacted by the net unrealized gains and losses on investment 
securities. 
At December 31, 2022, the net 
 unrealized loss was 37.3 million compared to an unrealized loss of 4.6 million 
at December 31, 2021. 
Book value is also 
 impacted by the recording of our unfunded pension liability through 
other comprehensive income in accordance with Accounting 
 Standards Codification Topic 
715. 
At December 31, 2022, the net pension liability reflected in accumulated other comprehensive 
 loss was 4.5 million compared to 13.2 million at December 31, 2021. 
The favorable adjustment to our unfunded pension 
 liability reflected a higher discount rate used to calculate the present value 
of the pension obligation that was partially offset by a 
 lower than estimated return on plan assets. 
The higher discount rate reflected the increase in long-term interest rates in 2022. 

 This adjustment also favorably impacted our tangible capital ratio. 
Further, book value is impacted by the periodic adjustment 
 made to record temporary equity at redemption value and there were no adjustments 
made during 2022. 

 In February 2014, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 1,500,000 
shares of our outstanding common stock 
 over a five-year period. 
Repurchases under the 2014 plan could be made in the open market or in privately negotiated 
 transactions; however, we were not obligated 
to repurchase any specified number of shares. 
In January 2019, the 2014 plan was 
 terminated and our Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase plan 
that authorizes the repurchase of up to 750,000 
 shares of our outstanding common stock over a five-year period. 
Terms of this plan are substantially similar 
to the 2014 plan. 
No 
 shares were repurchased in 2022 
or 2021. 
99,952 shares were repurchased in 2020 at an average price of 20.39 
and 77,000 
 shares were repurchased in 2019 at an average price of 23.40. 
Since 2014, a total of 1,361,682 shares of our outstanding 
 common stock have been repurchased at an average price of 17. 
93 under our stock repurchase plans. 
In January 2023, we 
 repurchased 25,000 shares of our common stock at 32.39 per share. 

 Dividends
 Adequate capital and financial strength are paramount to our stability 
and the stability of CCB. 
Cash dividends declared and paid 
 should not place unnecessary strain on our capital levels. 
When determining the level of dividends, 
the following factors are 
 considered: 
 
 Compliance with state and federal laws and regulations; 
 
 Our capital position and our ability to meet our financial obligations; 
 
 Projected earnings and asset levels; and 
 
 The ability of the Bank and us to fund dividends. 
 OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS
 We are a party 
to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risks in the normal 
course of business to meet the financing needs 
 of our clients. 
See Note 21 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 If commitments arising from these financial instruments continue to require 
funding at historical levels, management does not 
 anticipate that such funding will adversely impact our ability to meet on-going 
obligations. 
In the event these commitments 
 require funding in excess of historical levels, management believes current 
liquidity, investment security 
maturities, available 
 advances from the FHLB and Federal Reserve Bank, and warehouse 
lines of credit provide a sufficient source of funds to meet 
 these commitments. 
 In conjunction with the sale and securitization of loans held for sale and their related 
servicing rights, we may be exposed to 
 liability resulting from recourse, repurchase, 
and make-whole agreements. 
If it is determined subsequent to our sale of a loan or 
 its related servicing rights that a breach of the representations or warranties 
made in the applicable sale agreement has occurred, 
 which may include guarantees that prepayments will not occur within a specified 
and customary time frame, we may have an 
 obligation to either (a) repurchase the loan for the unpaid principal balance, 
accrued interest, and related advances; (b) indemnify 
 the purchaser against any loss it suffers; 
or (c) make the purchaser whole for the economic benefits of the 
loan and its related 
 servicing rights. 
 Our repurchase, indemnification and make-whole obligations vary based upon 
the terms of the applicable agreements, the nature 
 of the asserted breach, and the status of the mortgage loan at the time a claim is made. 
We establish reserves for 
estimated losses 
 of this nature inherent in the origination of mortgage loans by estimating the losses inherent 
in the population of all loans sold 
 based on trends in claims and actual loss severities experienced. The reserve 
will include accruals for probable contingent losses 
 in addition to those identified in the pipeline of claims received. The estimation 
process is designed to include amounts based on 
 actual losses experienced from actual activity. 

57 
 ACCOUNTING POLICIES
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
 The consolidated financial statements and accompanying Notes to Consolidated 
Financial Statements are prepared in accordance 
 with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, 
which require us to make various estimates and 
 assumptions (see Note 1 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). 
We believe that, 
of our significant accounting 
 policies, the following may involve a higher degree of judgment and 
complexity. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses
 . 
The amount of the allowance for credit losses represents management s 
best estimate of current 
 expected credit losses considering available information, from internal 
and external sources, relevant to assessing exposure to 
 credit loss over the contractual term of the instrument. 
Relevant available information includes historical credit loss experience, 
 current conditions, 
and reasonable and supportable forecasts. 
While historical credit loss experience provides 
the basis for the 
 estimation of expected credit losses, adjustments to historical loss information 
may be made for changes in loan risk grades, loss 
 experience trends, loan prepayment trends, differences 
in current portfolio-specific risk characteristics, environmental conditions, 
 future expectations, or other relevant factors. 
While management utilizes its best judgment and information available, 
the 
 ultimate adequacy of our allowance accounts is dependent upon 
a variety of factors beyond our control, including the 
 performance of our portfolios, the economy, 
changes in interest rates, and the view of the regulatory authorities toward 
 classification of assets. Detailed information on the Allowance 
for Credit Losses valuation, and the assumptions used are provided 
 in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Consolidated 
Financial Statements. 

 Goodwill
 . 
Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of acquired businesses over the fair value 
of their identifiable net 
 assets. 
We perform 
an impairment review on an annual basis or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances 
indicate 
 that the carrying value may not be recoverable. 
Adverse changes in the economic environment, declining operations, or other 
 factors could result in a decline in the estimated implied fair value of goodwill. 
If the estimated implied fair value of goodwill is 
 less than the carrying amount, a loss would be recognized to reduce the 
carrying amount to the estimated implied fair value. 
 We evaluate goodwill 
for impairment on an annual basis and in 2017 adopted Accounting Standards Update 
2017-04, Intangibles 
 Goodwill and Other (Topic 
350): Simplifying Accounting for Goodwill Impairment which 
allows for a qualitative assessment 
 of goodwill impairment indicators. 
If the assessment indicates that impairment has more than likely occurred, the 
Company must 
 compare the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying amount. 
If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds 
 its estimated fair value, an impairment charge is recorded 
equal to the excess. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, we performed our annual impairment 
testing. 
We proceeded with qualitative 
assessment by 
 evaluating impairment indicators and concluded there were none that 
indicated that goodwill impairment had occurred. 

 Pension Assumptions
 .

We have a defined benefit 
pension plan for the benefit of substantially all of our associates. 
Our funding 
 policy with respect to the pension plan is to contribute, at a minimum, 
amounts sufficient to meet minimum funding requirements 
 as set by law. 
Pension expense is determined by an external actuarial valuation based 
on assumptions that are evaluated annually 
 as of December 31, the measurement date for the pension obligation. 
The service cost component of pension expense is reflected 
 as Compensation Expense in the Consolidated Statements of 
Income. 
All other components of pension expense are reflected as 
 Other Expense . 

 The Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition reflect an accrued 
pension benefit cost due to funding levels and 
 unrecognized actuarial amounts. 
The most significant assumptions used in calculating the pension 
obligation are the weighted-
 average discount rate used to determine the present value of the pension obligation, 
the weighted-average expected long-term rate 
 of return on plan assets, and the assumed rate of annual compensation increases. 
These assumptions are re-evaluated annually 
 with the external actuaries, taking into consideration both current market 
conditions and anticipated long-term market conditions. 
 The discount rate is determined by matching the anticipated defined pension 
plan cash flows to the spot rates of a corporate AA-
 rated bond index/yield curve and solving for the single equivalent discount 
rate which would produce the same present value. 

 This methodology is applied consistently from year to year. 
The discount rate utilized in 2022 was 3.11 . 
The estimated impact 
 to 2022 pension expense of a 25 basis point increase or decrease in the discount 
rate would have been an approximate 0.9 
 million decrease or increase, respectively. 
We anticipate using 
a 5.63 discount rate in 2023. 

 Based on the balances at the December 31, 2022 measurement date, the 
estimated impact on accumulated other comprehensive 
 loss of a 25 basis point increase or decrease in the discount rate would have been a 
decrease or increase of approximately 2.2 
 million (after-tax). 
The estimated impact on accumulated other comprehensive loss of a 1 favorable/unfavorable 
variance in the 
 actual rate of return on plan assets versus the assumed rate of return 
on plan assets of 6.75 would have been an approximate 
 1.2 million (after-tax) decrease/increase, 
respectively. 

58 
 The weighted-average expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is determined 
based on the current and anticipated future 
 mix of assets in the plan. 
The assets currently consist of equity securities, U.S. Government and 
Government agency debt 
 securities, and other securities (typically temporary liquid funds awaiting investment). 
The weighted-average expected long-term 
 rate of return on plan assets utilized for 2022 was 6.75 . 
The estimated impact to 2022 pension expense of a 25 basis point 
 increase or decrease in the rate of return would have been an approximate 
 0.4 million decrease or increase, respectively. 
We 
 anticipate using a rate of return on plan assets of 6.75 for 2023. 
 The assumed rate of annual compensation increases of 4.40 in 2022 reflected 
expected trends in salaries and the employee 
 base. 
We anticipate using 
a compensation increase of approximately 5.10 for 2023 reflecting current 
market trends. 
 Detailed information on the pension plan, the actuarially determined 
disclosures, and the assumptions used are provided in Note 
 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Income Taxes
 .

Income tax expense is the total of the current year income tax due or refundable and the change in 
deferred tax 
 assets and liabilities. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are the expected future tax amounts for the 
temporary differences between 
 carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities, computed using enacted 
tax rates. 
A valuation allowance, if needed, 
 reduces deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

A tax position is recognized as a benefit only if it is more likely than not that the tax 
position would be sustained in a tax 
 examination, with a tax examination being presumed to occur. 
The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is 
 greater than 50 likely of being realized on examination. 
For tax positions not meeting the more likely than not test, no tax 
 benefit is recorded. 

We 
 recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in other 
expenses. 
 ITEM 7A.
 QUANTITATIVE 
AND QUALITATIVE 
DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK

See Financial Condition - Market Risk and Interest Rate Sensitivity in Management s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
 Condition and Results of Operations, above, which is incorporated herein 
by reference. 

59 
 Item 8.
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
 2022 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 2021 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 42)
 CAPITAL CITY BANK 
GROUP, 
INC.
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS 
 PAGE 

60 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

63 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 

64 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 

65 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

66 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareowners Equity 

67 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

68 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

60 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareowners, 
Board of Directors and Audit Committee 

 Capital City Bank Group, Inc. 
 Tallahassee, Florida 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited 
the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of Capital City 
Bank Group, Inc. (the 
 Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated 
statements of income, comprehensive income, changes 
 in shareowners equity, 
and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, 
and the related 
 notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). 
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to 
 above present fairly, in 
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 
and 2021, and the 
 results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period 
ended December 31, 2022, in conformity 
 with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 We also have audited, 
in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United 
States) 
 PCAOB ), the Company s 
internal control over financial reporting as of 

 December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in 
 Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) 
 issued by the Committee of 
 Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway 
Commission and our report dated March 1, 2023, expressed an unqualified 
opinion on 
 the effectiveness of the Company s 
internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s 
management. 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on 
 the Company s financial statements 
based on our audits. 

 We are a public 
accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with 
respect to the Company in 
 accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and 
regulations of the Securities and Exchange 
 Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted 
our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. 
Those standards require that we plan and perform the 
 audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are 
free of material misstatement, whether due to 
 error or fraud. 

 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material 
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to 
 error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. 
Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, 
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. 
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting 
 principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating 
the overall presentation of the financial 
 statements. 
We believe that 
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below arises from the current-period 
audit of the financial statements that was 
 communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee 
and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are 
 material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, 
subjective or complex judgments. 
The 
 communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the 
financial statements, taken as a whole, and 
 we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, 
providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the 
 accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The Company s loans held for investment 
portfolio totaled 2.53 billion as of December 31, 2022, and the allowance for credit 
 losses on loans held for investment was 24.7 million. 
The Company s unfunded 
loan commitments totaled 781.1 million, with 
 an allowance for credit loss of 3.0 million. 
The Company s available-for-sale securities and 
held-to-maturity securities 
 portfolios totaled 1.07 billion as of December 31, 2022, and the allowance 
for credit losses on securities was 41,000. 
Together 
 these allowance amounts represent the allowance for credit losses (ACL). 

61 
 As more fully described in 
 Notes 1
 ,
 
2
 ,
 
3
 
and 
 21
 
to the Company s consolidated financial 
statements, the Company estimates its 
 exposure to expected credit losses as of the statement of financial condition date 
for existing financial instruments held at 
 amortized cost and off-balance sheet exposures, such as unfunded 
loan commitments, lines of credit and other unused 
 commitments that are not unconditionally cancelable by the Company. 
 The determination of the ACL requires management to exercise significant judgment 
and consider numerous subjective factors, 
 including determining qualitative factors utilized to adjust historical loss rates, loan 
credit risk grading and identifying loans 
 requiring individual evaluation among others. 
As disclosed by management, different assumptions and 
conditions could result in 
 a materially different amount for the estimate of the ACL. 

 We identified 
the ACL at December 31, 2022, as a critical audit matter. 
Auditing the ACL involved a high degree of subjectivity 
 in evaluating management s 
estimates, such as evaluating management s 
identification of credit quality indicators, grouping of 
 loans determined to be similar into pools, estimating the remaining life of loans 
in a pool, assessment of economic conditions and 
 other environmental factors, evaluating the adequacy of specific allowances associated 
with individually evaluated loans and 
 assessing the appropriateness of loan credit risk grades. 
 The primary procedures we performed as of December 31, 2022, to address this critical audit 
matter included: 
 
 Obtained an understanding of the Company s 
process for establishing the ACL, including the qualitative factor 
 adjustments of the ACL 
 
 Tested the design 
and operating effectiveness of controls, including those related to 
technology, over the ACL, 
 including: 
 o
 loan data completeness and accuracy 

 o
 reconciliation of loan balances accounted for at amortized cost and underlying detail 

 o
 classifications of loans by loan pool 

 o
 historical charge-off data 
 o
 evaluation of appraisals 
 o
 the establishment of qualitative adjustments 

 o
 back testing and stress testing 
 o
 loan credit risk ratings 

 o
 establishment of specific ACL on individually evaluated loan, 

 o
 management s review and disclosure 
controls over the ACL 
 
 Tested the completeness 
and accuracy of the information utilized in the ACL, including evaluating 
the relevance and 
 reliability of such information 
 
 Tested the ACL model s 
computational accuracy 

Evaluated the qualitative adjustments to the ACL, including assessing the 
basis for adjustments and the reasonableness 
 of the significant assumptions 
 
 Tested the loan review 
functions and evaluated the reasonableness of loan credit risk ratings 
 
 Evaluated the reasonableness of specific allowances on individually 
evaluated loans 
 
 Evaluated the overall reasonableness of assumptions used by management 
considering trends identified within peer 
 groups 
 
 Evaluated the accuracy and completeness of ASU No. 2016-13, 
 Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 
326): 
 Measurement of Credit Losses 
on Financial Instruments, 
 disclosures in the consolidated financial statements 
 
 Evaluated credit quality trends in delinquencies, non-accruals, charge 
-offs and loan risk ratings 

Tested estimated utilization 
rate of unfunded loan commitments 
 
 Evaluated documentation prepared to assess the methodology utilized in the 
ACL calculation for securities for 
 reasonableness 
 
 We have served 
as the Company s auditor since 2021. 
 
 March 1, 2023 

62 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
 To the Shareowners 
and the Board of Directors of Capital City Bank Group, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements
 We have audited 
the accompanying consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income
 ,
 
shareowners' equity and cash 
 flows of Capital City Bank Group, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2020, 
and the related notes (collectively referred to as 
 the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated 
financial statements present fairly, 
in all material 
 respects, the results of the Company s 
operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020, in conformity with 
 U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the 
 Company s financial statements based 
on our audit. We are a public 
accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required 
 to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal 
securities laws and the applicable rules and 
 regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted 
our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require 
that we plan and perform the 
 audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free 
of material misstatement, whether due to error 
 or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material 
misstatement of the financial statements, 
 whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond 
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a 
 test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial 
statements. Our audit also included evaluating the 
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, 
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the 
 financial statements. We 
believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ 
 
 We served as the Company s 
auditor from 2007 to 2021. 
 
 March 1, 2021 

63 
 CAPITAL CITY BANK 
GROUP, 
INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS 
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 As of December 31, 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 ASSETS 
 Cash and Due From Banks 

Federal Funds Sold and Interest Bearing Deposits 

Total Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Investment Securities, Available 
for Sale, at fair value (amortized cost of 

and 

Investment Securities, Held to Maturity (fair value of 

and 

Equity Securities 

Total Investment 
Securities 

Loans Held For Sale, at fair value 

Loans, Held for Investment 

Allowance for Credit Losses 
 )
 )
 Loans Held for Investment, Net 

Premises and Equipment, Net 

Goodwill and Other Intangibles 

Other Real Estate Owned 

Other Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES 
 Deposits: 
 Noninterest Bearing Deposits 

Interest Bearing Deposits 

Total Deposits 

Short-Term 
Borrowings 

Subordinated Notes Payable 

Other Long-Term 
Borrowings 

Other Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Temporary Equity 

SHAREOWNERS EQUITY 
 Preferred Stock, 

par value; 

shares authorized; 

shares issued and outstanding 
 -
 -
 Common Stock, 

par value; 

shares authorized;

and 

shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional Paid-In Capital 

Retained Earnings 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, Net of Tax 
 )
 )
 Total Shareowners 
Equity 

Total Liabilities, Temporary 
Equity, and Shareowners Equity 

The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are 
an integral part of these statements. 

64 
 CAPITAL CITY BANK 
GROUP, 
INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS 
OF INCOME 
 For the Years 
Ended December 31, 
 (Dollars in Thousands, Except Per Share 
Data) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 INTEREST INCOME 
 Loans, including Fees 

Investment Securities: 
 Taxable 

Tax Exempt 

Federal Funds Sold and Interest Bearing Deposits 

Total Interest Income 

INTEREST EXPENSE 
 Deposits 

Short-Term 
Borrowings 

Subordinated Notes Payable 

Other Long-Term 
Borrowings 

Total Interest Expense 

NET INTEREST INCOME 

Provision for Credit Losses 
 
 )
 
 Net Interest Income After Provision for Credit Losses 

NONINTEREST INCOME 
 Deposit Fees 

Bank Card Fees 

Wealth Management 
Fees 

Mortgage Banking Revenues 

Other 

Total Noninterest 
Income 

NONINTEREST EXPENSE 
 Compensation 

Occupancy, Net 

Other 

Total Noninterest 
Expense 

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

Income Tax Expense 

NET INCOME 

Loss (Income) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 
 
 )
 )
 NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE 
TO COMMON SHAREOWNERS 

BASIC NET INCOME PER SHARE 

DILUTED NET INCOME PER SHARE 

Average Basic Common 
Shares Outstanding 

Average Diluted 
Common Shares Outstanding 

The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are 
an integral part of these statements. 

65 
 CAPITAL CITY BANK 
GROUP, 
INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS 
OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 For the Years 
Ended December 31, 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE 
TO COMMON SHAREOWNERS 

Other comprehensive income (loss), before 
tax: 
 Investment Securities: 
 Change in net unrealized (loss) gain on securities available-for-sale 
 )
 )
 
 Unrealized losses on securities transferred from available-for-sale 
to 
 
held-to-maturity 
 )

Amortization of unrealized losses on securities transferred from 
 
available-for-sale to held-to-maturity 

Derivative: 
 Change in net unrealized gain on effective cash flow derivative 

Benefit Plans: 
 Reclassification adjustment for amortization of prior service cost 

)
 Reclassification adjustment for amortization of net loss 

Defined benefit plan settlement 

Current year actuarial gain (loss) 

)
 Total Benefit Plans 

)
 Other comprehensive (loss) income, before 
tax: 
 )
 
 )
 Deferred tax benefit (expense) related to other comprehensive income 
 
 )
 
 Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax 
 )
 
 )
 TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE 
INCOME 

The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are 
an integral part of these statements. 

66 
 CAPITAL CITY BANK 
GROUP, 
INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS 
OF CHANGES IN SHAREOWNERS' EQUITY 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 (Loss) Income, 

 Net of Taxes 
 (Dollars in Thousands, Except Share Data) 
 Shares 
 Outstanding 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Capital 
 Retained 
 Earnings 
 Total 
 Balance, January 1, 2020 

)

Impact of Adopting ASC 326 (CECL) 

)
 
 )
 Net Income Attributable to Common Shareowners 

Reclassification to Temporary Equity
 (1)

)
 
 )
 Other Comprehensive Loss, Net of Tax 

)
 )
 Cash Dividends 

per share) 
 - 

)
 
 )
 Stock Based Compensation 
 - 

Stock Compensation Plan Transactions, net 

Repurchase of Common Stock 
 )
 )
 )

)
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

)
 
 Net Income Attributable to Common Shareowners 
 - 

Reclassification to Temporary Equity
 (1)
 - 

Other Comprehensive Income, Net of Tax 
 - 

Cash Dividends 

per share) 
 - 

)
 
 )
 Stock Based Compensation 
 - 

Stock Compensation Plan Transactions, net 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

)
 
 Net Income Attributable to Common Shareowners 
 - 

Other Comprehensive Loss, Net of Tax 
 - 

)
 )
 Cash Dividends 

per share) 
 - 

)
 
 )
 Stock Based Compensation 
 - 

Stock Compensation Plan Transactions, net 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

)

(1)
 
 The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

67 
 CAPITAL CITY BANK 
GROUP, 
INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS 
OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the Years 
Ended December 31, 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING 
ACTIVITIES 
 Net Income Attributable to Common Shareowners 

Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income to Cash From Operating Activities: 
 
Provision for Credit Losses 
 
 )

Depreciation 

Amortization of Premiums, Discounts, and Fees, net 

Amortization of Intangible Assets 

Pension Settlement Charges 

Originations of Loans Held for Sale 
 )
 )
 )
 
Proceeds From Sales of Loans Held for Sale 

Mortgage Banking Revenues 
 )
 )
 )
 
Net Additions for Capitalized Mortgage Servicing Rights 
 )

Change in Valuation 
Provision for Mortgage Servicing Rights 
 
 )

Stock Compensation 

Net Tax Benefit from 
Stock Compensation 
 )
 )
 )
 
Deferred Income Taxes 
 )
 )
 )
 
Net Change in Operating Leases 
 )
 )
 )
 
Net Gain on Sales and Write-Downs of Other Real Estate Owned 
 )
 )
 )
 
Net (Increase) Decrease in Other Assets 
 )
 
 )
 
Net Increase (Decrease) in Other Liabilities 
 
 )

Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Operating Activities 

)
 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 Securities Held to Maturity: 
 
Purchases 
 )
 )
 )
 
Payments, Maturities, and Calls 

Securities Available for 
Sale: 
 
Purchases 
 )
 )
 )
 
Proceeds from the Sale of Securities 

Payments, Maturities, and Calls 

Purchases of Loans Held for Investment 
 )
 )
 )
 Net (Increase) Decrease in Loans 
 )
 
 )
 Net Cash Paid for Acquisitions 
 
 )
 )
 Proceeds From Sales of Other Real Estate Owned 

Purchases of Premises and Equipment, net 
 )
 )
 )
 Noncontrolling Interest Contributions 

Net Cash Used In Investing Activities 
 )
 )
 )
 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 Net Increase in Deposits 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Short-Term 
Borrowings 
 
 )
 
 Repayment of Other Long-Term 
Borrowings 
 )
 )
 )
 Dividends Paid 
 )
 )
 )
 Payments to Repurchase Common Stock 

)
 Issuance of Common Stock Under Compensation Plans 

Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 )

Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Year 

Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year 

Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosures: 
 
Interest Paid 

Income Taxes Paid 

Noncash Investing and Financing Activities: 
 
Loans and Premises Transferred to Other Real Estate Owned 

The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are 
an integral part of these statements. 

68 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

membership interest in a consolidated subsidiary, 
Capital City Home 
 Loans, LLC. 
All material inter-company transactions and accounts have been 
eliminated in consolidation. 
 The Company, which operates 
a single reportable business segment that is comprised of commercial banking 
within the states of 
 Florida, Georgia, and Alabama, follows accounting principles generally 
accepted in the United States of America and reporting 
 practices applicable to the banking industry. 
The principles which materially affect the financial position, results of 
operations 
 and cash flows are summarized below. 
 The Company determines whether it has a controlling financial interest in an 
entity by first evaluating whether the entity is a 
 voting interest entity or a variable interest entity under accounting principles 
generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Voting 
interest entities are entities in which the total equity investment at risk is sufficient 
to enable the entity to finance itself 
 independently and provide the equity holders with the obligation to absorb losses, the 
right to receive residual returns and the 
 right to make decisions about the entity s 
activities. 
The Company consolidates voting interest entities in which it has all, or at 
 least a majority of, the voting interest. 
As defined in applicable accounting standards, variable interest entities VIE s 
are 
 entities that lack one or more of the characteristics of a voting interest entity. 
A controlling financial interest in an entity is 
 present when an enterprise has a variable interest, or a combination of variable 
interests, that will absorb a majority of the entity s 
 expected losses, receive a majority of the entity s 
expected residual returns, or both. 
The enterprise with a controlling financial 
 interest, known as the primary beneficiary, 
consolidates the VIE. 
Two of CCBG s 
wholly owned subsidiaries, CCBG Capital 
 Trust I (established November 1, 2004) and 
CCBG Capital Trust II (established May 24, 2005) are VIEs for 
which the Company 
 is not the primary beneficiary. 
Accordingly, the 
accounts of these entities are not included in the Company s 
consolidated 
 financial statements. 
 Certain previously reported amounts have been reclassified to conform 
to the current year s presentation. 
The Company has 
 evaluated subsequent events for potential recognition and/or disclosure 
through the date the consolidated financial statements 
 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K were filed with the 
United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

million in cash consideration and recorded goodwill of 

million and a customer relationship intangible asset of 
 
 million. 

69 
 
 membership interest in Brand Mortgage Group, LLC Brand ), 
 which is now operated as Capital City Home Loans, LLC CCHL ). 
CCHL was consolidated into CCBG s 
financial statements 
 effective March 1, 2020. 
Assets acquired totaled 

million (consisting primarily of loans held for sale) and liabilities assumed 
 totaled 

million (consisting primarily of warehouse line borrowings). 
The primary reasons for the acquisition and strategic 
 alliance with Brand was to gain access to an expanded residential mortgage product 
line-up and investor base (including a 
 mandatory delivery channel for loan sales), to hedge our net interest income 
business and to generate other operational synergies 
 and cost savings. 
CCB made a 

million cash payment for its 
 
 membership interest and entered into a buyout agreement 
 for the remaining 
 
 noncontrolling interest resulting in temporary equity with a fair value of 

million. 
Goodwill totaling 

million was recorded in connection with this acquisition. 
Factors that contributed to the purchase price resulting in goodwill 
 include Brand s strong management 
team and expertise in the mortgage industry, 
historical record of earnings, and operational 
 synergies created as part of the strategic alliance.

. 

 The Company maintains certain cash balances that are restricted under 
warehouse lines of credit and master repurchase 
 agreements. 
The restricted cash balance at December 31, 2022 was 

million.

70 

71 

72 

73 

74 

to 

years, and equipment being 
 depreciated over a range of 

to 

years. 
Additions, renovations and leasehold improvements to premises are capitalized and 
 depreciated over the lesser of the useful life or the remaining lease term. 
Repairs and maintenance are charged to noninterest 
 expense as incurred. 
 Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment if circumstances suggest that their 
carrying value may not be recoverable, by 
 comparing the carrying value to estimated undiscounted cash flows. 
If the asset is deemed impaired, an impairment charge is 
 recorded equal to the carrying value less the fair value. See Note 6 Premises and 
Equipment for additional information.

75 

. 

76 

77 

78 

U.S. Government Agency 

States and Political Subdivisions 

)
 
 Mortgage-Backed Securities
 (1)

Corporate Debt Securities 

)
 
 Other Securities
 (2)

Total 

)

December 31, 2021 
 U.S. Government Treasury 

U.S. Government Agency 

States and Political Subdivisions 

)
 
 Mortgage-Backed Securities
 (1)

Corporate Debt Securities 

)
 
 Other Securities
 (2)

Total 

)

Mortgage-Backed Securities 

Total 

December 31, 2021 
 U.S. Government Treasury 

Mortgage-Backed Securities 

Total 

million and 

million, respectively, 
at 
 
December 31, 2022 and of 

million and 

million, respectively, 
at December 31, 2021.

At December 31, 2022, and 2021, the investment portfolio had 

million and 

million, respectively, in equity 
securities. 

 These securities do not have a readily determinable fair value and were not 
credit impaired. 

 Securities with an amortized cost of 

million and 

million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, 
were 
 pledged to secure public deposits and for other purposes. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 

holdings of securities of any one issuer, other than 
the U.S. Government and its 
 agencies, in an amount greater than 10 of shareowners equity. 

79 

securities had an amortized cost basis and fair value of 

million and 

million, respectively at the time of the transfer. 
The net unamortized, unrealized loss on the transferred securities included 
 in accumulated other comprehensive loss in the accompanying Consolidated 
Statement of Financial Condition at December 31, 
 2022 totaled 

million. 
This amount will be amortized out of accumulated other comprehensive loss over 
the remaining life of 
 the underlying securities as an adjustment of the yield on those securities. 
 Investment Sales
 . There were no significant sales of investment securities for each of the 
last three fiscal years.

Due after one through five years 

Due after five through ten years 

- 
 - 
 Mortgage-Backed Securities 

U.S. Government Agency 

- 
 - 
 Other Securities 

- 

- 
 Total 

80 

U.S. Government Agency 

States and Political Subdivisions 

Mortgage-Backed Securities 

Corporate Debt Securities 

Total 

Held to Maturity 
 U.S. Government Treasury 

Mortgage-Backed Securities 

Total 

December 31, 2021 
 Available for 
Sale 

 U.S. Government Treasury 

U.S. Government Agency 

States and Political Subdivisions 

Mortgage-Backed Securities 

Equity Securities 

Total 

Held to Maturity 
 U.S. Government Treasury 

Mortgage-Backed Securities 

Total 

positions (combined AFS and HTM securities) with unrealized losses totaling 

million. 
At December 31, 2021 there were 

positions (combined AFS and HTM securities) with unrealized losses totaling 

million. 
For 2022, 

of these of these positions were U.S. Treasury 
bonds and carry the full faith and credit of the U.S. 
 Government. 

of these positions were U.S. government agency and mortgage-backed securities 
issued by U.S. government 
 sponsored entities. 
We believe the 
long history of 

credit losses on government securities indicates that the expectation of 
 nonpayment of the amortized cost basis is 
 
 . 
The remaining 

positions (municipal securities and corporate bonds) have a 
 credit component. 
At December 31, 2022, all collateralized mortgage obligation securities CMO ), MBS, Small 
Business 
 Administration securities SBA ), U.S. Agency, 
and U.S. Treasury bonds held were AAA rated. 
At December 31, 2022, 
 corporate debt securities had an allowance for credit losses of 

and municipal securities had an allowance 
 
 . 

ne 
 of the securities held by the Company were past due or in nonaccrual status at December 
31, 2022. 
 Credit Quality Indicators 

 The Company monitors the credit quality of its investment securities through 
various risk management procedures, including the 
 monitoring of credit ratings. 
A large portion of the debt securities in the Company s 
investment portfolio were issued by a U.S. 
 government entity or agency and are either explicitly or implicitly guaranteed 
by the U.S. government. 
The Company believes 
 the long history of no credit losses on these securities indicates that the expectation 
of nonpayment of the amortized cost basis is 
 zero, even if the U.S. government were to technically default. 
Further, certain municipal securities held by 
the Company have 
 been pre-refunded and secured by government guaranteed treasuries. 
Therefore, for the aforementioned securities, the Company 
 does not assess or record expected credit losses due to the zero loss assumption. 
The Company monitors the credit quality of its 
 municipal and corporate securities portfolio via credit ratings which 
are updated on a quarterly basis. 
On a quarterly basis, 
 municipal and corporate securities in an unrealized loss position are 
evaluated to determine if the loss is attributable to credit 
 related factors and if an allowance for credit loss is needed.

81 

Real Estate Construction 

Real Estate Commercial Mortgage 

Real Estate Residential
 (1)

Real Estate Home Equity 

Consumer
 (2)

Loans Held for Investment, Net of Unearned Income 

million and 

million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million and 

million for December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Net deferred costs, which include premiums on purchased loans, included 
in loans were 

million at December 31, 2022 and 

million at December 31, 2021. 

 Accrued interest receivable on loans which is excluded from amortized 
cost totaled 

million at December 31, 2022 and 
 
 million at December 31, 2021, and is reported separately in Other Assets. 

 The Company has pledged a floating lien on certain 1-4 family residential 
mortgage loans, commercial real estate mortgage loans, 
 and home equity loans to support available borrowing capacity at the FHLB and 
has pledged a blanket floating lien on all 
 consumer loans, commercial loans, and construction loans to support available 
borrowing capacity at the Federal Reserve Bank of 
 Atlanta. 

 Loan Purchases and Sales
 . 
The Company will purchase newly originated 1-4 family real estate secured 
adjustable rate loans 
 from CCHL, a related party effective on March 1, 2020 (see Note 1 
 Significant Accounting Policies). These loan purchases 
 totaled 

million and 

million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, 
and were not credit 
 impaired. 
In addition, the Company purchased commercial real estate loans that 
were not credit impaired from a third party 
 totaling 

million and 

million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 The Company transferred 

million of home equity loan from HFI to HFS during 2021. 
There were 

transfers during 2022.

82 

Provision for Credit Losses 
 
 )
 )
 
 )

Charge-Offs 
 )
 
 )
 
 )
 )
 )
 
Recoveries 

Net (Charge-Offs) Recoveries 
 )
 
 )
 
 )
 )
 )
 Ending Balance 

2021 
 Beginning Balance 

Provision for Credit Losses 
 )
 
 )
 )
 )
 
 )
 
Charge-Offs 
 )
 
 )
 )
 )
 )
 )
 
Recoveries 

Net (Charge-Offs) Recoveries 

)
 
 Ending Balance 

2020 
 Beginning Balance 

Impact of Adopting ASC 326 

)

Provision for Credit Losses 

Charge-Offs 
 )
 
 )
 )
 )
 )
 )
 
Recoveries 

Net (Charge-Offs) Recoveries 
 )

)
 )
 Ending Balance 

million increase in the allowance for credit losses in 2022 reflected incremental allowance 
related to loan growth, a 
 higher projected rate of unemployment and its effect 
on rates of default, and slower prepayment speeds (due to higher interest 
 rates). 
The 

million decrease in the allowance for credit losses in 2021 reflected improvements 
in forecasted economic 
 conditions, favorable loan migration and net recoveries totaling 

million, partially offset by incremental reserves needed for 
 loan growth (excluding Small Business Administration Paycheck 
Protection Program). 
Four unemployment rate forecast 
 scenarios continue to be utilized to estimate probability of default and are weighted 
based on management s 
estimate of 
 probability. 
See Note 1 Significant accounting policies for more on the calculation of the provision for 
credit losses. 
See Note 
 21 Commitments and Contingencies for information on the provision 
for credit losses related to off-balance sheet commitments.

83 

Real Estate Construction 

Real Estate Commercial Mortgage 

Real Estate Residential
 (1)

Real Estate Home Equity 

Consumer 

Total 

2021 
 Commercial, Financial and Agricultural 

Real Estate Construction 

Real Estate Commercial Mortgage 

Real Estate Residential 

Real Estate Home Equity 

Consumer 

Total 

Real Estate Construction 

Real Estate Commercial Mortgage 

Real Estate Residential 

Real Estate Home Equity 

Consumer 

Total 
Nonaccrual Loans 

84 

Real Estate Construction 

Real Estate Commercial Mortgage 

Real Estate Residential 

Real Estate Home Equity 

Consumer 

Total 

million and 

million, respectively, in 1-4 family 
residential real estate loans for which formal foreclosure proceedings were 
in process. 
 Troubled 
Debt Restructurings TDRs . 
TDRs are loans in which the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty 
and the 
 Company has granted an economic concession to the borrower that it would 
not otherwise consider. 
In these instances, as part of 
 a work-out alternative, the Company will make concessions including the extension 
of the loan term, a principal moratorium, a 
 reduction in the interest rate, or a combination thereof. 
The impact of the TDR modifications and defaults are factored into the 
 allowance for credit losses on a loan-by-loan basis. 
Thus, specific reserves are established based upon the results of either a 
 discounted cash flow analysis or the underlying collateral value, if the 
loan is deemed to be collateral dependent. 
A TDR 
 classification can be removed if the borrower s financial 
condition improves such that the borrower is no longer in financial 
 difficulty, 
the loan has not had any forgiveness of principal or interest, and the loan 
is subsequently refinanced or restructured at 
 market terms and qualifies as a new loan. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had 

million in TDRs, of which 

million were performing in accordance with the 
 modified terms. 
At December 31, 2021, the Company had 

million in TDRs, of which 

million were performing in 
 accordance with modified terms. 
For TDRs, the Company estimated 

million and 

million of credit loss reserves at 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The modifications made to TDRs involved either an extension of the loan term, 
a principal moratorium, a reduction in the interest 
 rate, or a combination thereof. 
For the year ended December 31, 2022, there were 

loans modified with a recorded investment 
 of 

million. 
For the year ended December 31, 2021, there were 

loans modified with a recorded investment of 
 
 million. 
For the year ended December 31, 2020, there were 

loans modified with a recorded investment of 

million. 
The 
 financial impact of these modifications was not material. 

 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 

loans classified as TDRs, for which there was a payment default 
 and the loans were modified within the 12 months prior to default.

85 

86 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Total 

Real Estate - 
 Construction: 
 Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Total 

Real Estate - Commercial 
 Mortgage: 
 Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Total 

Real Estate - Residential: 
 Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Total 

Real Estate - Home 
 Equity: 
 Performing 

Nonperforming 

Total 

Consumer: 
 Performing 

Nonperforming 

Total 

87 

Residential Mortgage Loan Commitments
 (1)

Forward Sales Contracts
 (2)

)

(1)
 Recorded in other assets at fair value 

million residential mortgage loans held for sale 30-89 days past due and 
 
 million of loans were on nonaccrual status. 
At December 31, 2021, the Company had 

million of residential mortgage loans 
 held for sale 30-89 days past due and no loans were on nonaccrual status. 

 Mortgage banking revenues for the year ended December 31, was as follows:

Net change in unrealized gain on mortgage loans held for sale 
 )
 )
 
 Net change in the fair value of mortgage loan commitments 
 )
 )
 
 Net change in the fair value of forward sales contracts 

Pair-Offs on net settlement of forward 
sales contracts 

)
 Mortgage servicing rights additions 

Net origination fees 

Total mortgage banking 
revenues 

88 

Outstanding principal balance of residential mortgage loans serviced 
for others 

Weighted average 
interest rate 

Remaining contractual term (in months) 

), GNMA ), and private investor ). 

 FNMA and private investor loans are structured as actual/actual payment remittance 
. 
 The Company had 

million and 

million in delinquent residential mortgage loans currently in GNMA pools 
serviced by 
 the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
The right to repurchase these loans and the corresponding liability 
 has been recorded in other assets and other liabilities, respectively, 
in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
For 
 the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, 
the Company repurchased 

million and 

million of GNMA 
 delinquent or defaulted mortgage loans with the intention to modify their 
terms and include the loans in new GNMA pools. 

Activity in the capitalized mortgage servicing rights for the year ended 
December 31, was as follows:

Additions due to loans sold with servicing retained 

Deletions and amortization 
 )
 )
 )
 Valuation 
Allowance reversal 

)
 Sale of Servicing Rights
 (1)
 )

Ending balance 

(1)
 The Company sold an MSR portfolio with an unpaid principal balance of 

million for a sales price of 

million, 
 
recognizing a 

million gain on sale, recorded 
in other noninterest income on the Consolidated Statement 
of Income.

t record any permanent impairment losses on mortgage servicing rights for the 
years ended December 31, 
 2022 
and 2021. 

 The key unobservable inputs used in determining the fair value of the Company s 
mortgage servicing rights at December 31, was 
 as follows:

Annual prepayment speeds 

Cost of servicing (per loan) 

at December 31, 2022 and 
 
 at December 31, 2021. 
 Warehouse 
Line Borrowings 
 The Company has the following warehouse lines of credit and master repurchase 
agreements with various financial institutions at 
 December 31, 2022.

89 

million master repurchase agreement without defined expiration. 
Interest is at the Prime rate minus 
 
 to plus 
 
 , with a floor rate of 
 
 . 
A cash pledge deposit of 

million is required by the lender. 

million warehouse line of credit agreement expiring in 
 December 2022
 . 
Interest is at the SOFR plus 
 
 to 
 
 . 

million. 
At December 31, 2022, the Company had mortgage loans held for sale and construction 
permanent loans pledged 
 as collateral under the above warehouse lines of credit and master repurchase agreements. 
The above agreements also contain 
 covenants which include certain financial requirements, including 
maintenance of minimum tangible net worth, minimum liquid 
 assets and maximum debt to net worth ratio, as defined in the agreements. 
The Company was in compliance with all significant 
 debt covenants at December 31, 2022. 

 The Company intends to renew the warehouse lines of credit and master repurcha 
se agreements when they mature. 
 The Company has extended a 

million warehouse line of credit to CCHL. 
Balances and transactions under this line of credit 
 are eliminated in the Company s consolidated 
financial statements and thus not included in the total short-term borrowings noted 
 on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition. 
The balance of this line of credit at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 
 2021 was 

million and 

million, respectively.

million at December 31, 2022 were designed as a cash flow hedge for 
 subordinated debt. 
Under the swap arrangement, the Company will pay a fixed interest rate of 
 
 and receive a variable 
 interest rate based on three-month LIBOR plus a weighted average 
margin of 
 
 . 
Effective June 30, 2023, in accordance with 
 the swap agreement and the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act of 2021, 
LIBOR will be replaced with SOFR (secured 
 overnight financing rate) as the interest rate index. 

 For derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges of interest rate 
risk, the gain or loss on the derivative is recorded 
 in accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI and subsequently 
reclassified into interest expense in the same period(s) 
 during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Amounts 
reported in accumulated other comprehensive income related to 
 derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense 
as interest payments are made on the Company s 
variable-rate subordinated 
 debt. 
 The following table reflects the cash flow hedges included in the Consolidated 
Statements of Financial Condition.

December 31, 2021 
 Other Assets 

90 

December 31, 2021 
 Interest Expense 

)
 December 31, 2020 
 Interest Expense 

)

million reclassified as a decrease to interest expense within the next 12 
 months. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a collateral liability of 

million and 

million, respectively.

Buildings 

Fixtures and Equipment 

Total Premises and Equipment 

Accumulated Depreciation 
 )
 )
 Premises and Equipment, Net 

million, 

million, and 

million in 
 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively

. 
 
 . 
The 
 Company s leases are not 
complex and do not contain residual value guarantees, variable lease payments, or 
significant 
 assumptions or judgments made in applying the requirements of ASC Topic 
842. 
Operating leases with an initial term of 12 
 months or less are not recorded on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition 
and the related lease expense is recognized 
 on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
At December 31, 2022, ROU assets and liabilities were 

million and 
 
 million, respectively. 
At December 31, 2021, the operating lease ROU assets and liabilities were 

million and 

million, 
 respectively. 
The Company does not have any finance leases or any significant lessor agreements. 
 The table below summarizes our lease expense and other information 
at December 31, related to the Company s 
operating leases:

91 

Short-term lease expense 

Total lease expense 

Other information: 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: 
 Operating cash flows from operating leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

Weighted-average 
remaining lease term operating leases (in years) 

Weighted-average 
discount rate operating leases 

2023 
 
 2024 
 
 2025 
 
 2026 
 
 2027 and thereafter 
 
 Total 

Less: Interest 
 )
 Present Value 
of Lease Liability 

million based on the initial contract term of 

years, the second has 
 payments totaling 

million based on the initial contract term of 

years, and the third has payments totaling 

million 
 based on the initial contract term of 

years. 
Payments for all three banking offices are expected to commence during 
the first 
 quarter of 2023. 

 A related party is the lessor in an operating lease with the Company. 
The Company s minimum payment 
is 

million annually 
 through 2042, and will reprice at annual fair market rental value until 2052, 
for an aggregate remaining obligation of 

million 
 at December 31, 2022.

million. 
Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual 
 basis, or more often if impairment indicators exist. 
Testing allows for a qualitative assessment 
of goodwill impairment indicators. 

 If the assessment indicates that impairment has more than likely occurred, the 
Company must compare the estimated fair value of 
 the reporting unit to its carrying amount. 
If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, an 
 impairment charge is recorded equal to the excess. 
 On April 30, 2021, CCSW acquired substantially all of the assets of SWG, including 
advisory, service, 
and insurance carrier 
 agreements, and the assignment of all related revenues thereof. Under the 
terms of the purchase agreement, SWG principles 
 became officers of CCSW and will continue the operation of their 
five offices in South Georgia offering 
wealth management 
 services and comprehensive risk management and asset protection 
services for individuals and businesses. 
 CCBG paid 
 
 million in cash consideration and recorded goodwill of 

million and a customer relationship intangible asset 
 
life) of 

million. 
Amortization expense related to the customer relationship intangible 
totaled 

million and 

million in 2022 
 and 2021, respectively. 
The current intangible asset balance as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
was 

million 
 and 

million, respectively. The estimated 
amortization expense for each of the nine succeeding fiscal years is 

million per 
 year.
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company performed its annual goodwill 
impairment testing and determined that 
 
 goodwill impairment existed at December 31, 2022 and 

goodwill impairment existed at December 31, 2021. 
The Company 
 will continue to evaluate goodwill for impairment as defined by ASC Topic 
350.

92 

Additions 

Valuation 
Write-Downs 
 )
 )
 )
 Sales 
 )
 )
 )
 Other 

Ending Balance 

)
 
 )
 Losses from the Sale of Properties 

Rental Income from Properties 
 )

Property Carrying Costs 

Valuation 
Adjustments 

Total 
 
 )
 
 )

Money Market Accounts 

Savings Deposits 

Time Deposits 

Total Interest Bearing 
Deposits 

million in overdrawn deposit accounts were reclassified as loans. 
 The amount of time deposits that meet or exceed the FDIC insurance limit of 250,000 
totaled 

million and 

million at 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 At December 31, the scheduled maturities of time deposits were as follows:

2024 
 
 2025 
 
 2026 
 
 2027 
 
 Total 

93 

Money Market Accounts 

Savings Deposits 

Time Deposits 250,000 

Total Interest Expense 

Maximum indebtedness at any month end 

Daily average indebtedness outstanding 

Average rate paid 
for the year 

Average rate paid 
on period-end borrowings 

2021 
 Balance at December 31 

Maximum indebtedness at any month end 

Daily average indebtedness outstanding 

Average rate paid 
for the year 

Average rate paid 
on period-end borrowings 

2020 
 Balance at December 31 

Maximum indebtedness at any month end 

Daily average indebtedness outstanding 

Average rate paid 
for the year 

Average rate paid 
on period-end borrowings 

(1)
 
 (2)

million and warehouse lines of credit totaling 

million at December 31, 2022.

million at December 31, 
 2022. 

 . The Company had FHLB long-term advances totaling million 
 . 
 
The FHLB advances are collateralized by a floating lien on certain 
 1-4 family residential mortgage loans, commercial real estate mortgage loans, 
and home equity mortgage loans. 
Interest on the 
 FHLB advances is paid on a monthly basis. 

94 

2024 
 
 2025 
 
 Total 

million was issued to CCBG Capital Trust I. 
The second note 
 for 

million was issued to CCBG Capital Trust II. The two trusts are 
considered variable interest entities for which the 
 Company is not the primary beneficiary. 
Accordingly, the accounts of 
the trusts are not included in the Company s consolidated 
 financial statements. See Note 1 - Significant Accounting Policies for additional 
information about the Company s consolidation 
 policy. 
Details of the Company s transaction with 
the two trusts are provided below. 
 In November 2004, CCBG Capital Trust I 
issued 

million of trust preferred securities which represent interest in the assets 
 of the trust. 
The interest payments are due quarterly at 

plus a margin of 
 
 , adjusted quarterly. 
Effective 
 June 30, 2023, in accordance with the trust agreement and the Adjustable Interest 
Rate (LIBOR) Act of 2021, LIBOR will be 
 replaced with 3-month CME term SOFR (secured overnight financing 
rate) as the interest rate index. 
The trust preferred 
 securities will mature on 
 
 , and are redeemable upon approval of the Federal Reserve in whole or in part at the 
 option of the Company at any time after December 31, 2009 and in 
whole at any time upon occurrence of certain events affecting 
 their tax or regulatory capital treatment. Distributions on the trust preferred 
securities are payable quarterly on March 31, June 30, 
 September 30, and December 31 of each year. 
CCBG Capital Trust I also issued 

million of common equity securities to 
 CCBG. 
The proceeds of the offering of trust preferred securities and common 
equity securities were used to purchase a 
 
 million junior subordinated deferrable interest note issued by the Company, 
which has terms similar to the trust preferred 
 securities. 
On April 12, 2016, the Company retired 

million in face value of trust preferred securities that were auctioned as 
 part of a liquidation of a pooled collateralized debt obligation fund. 
The trust preferred securities were originally issued through 
 CCBG Capital Trust I. 
 In May 2005, CCBG Capital Trust II issued 

million of trust preferred securities which represent interest in the assets of the 
 trust. 
The interest payments are due quarterly at 

plus a margin of 
 
 , adjusted quarterly. 
The trust preferred 
 securities will mature on 
 
 , and are redeemable upon approval of the Federal Reserve in whole or in part at the option 
 of the Company and in whole at any time upon occurrence of certain events affecting 
their tax or regulatory capital treatment. 

 Distributions on the trust preferred securities are payable quarterly on March 15, 
June 15, September 15, and December 15 of 
 each year. 
CCBG Capital Trust II also issued 

million of common equity securities to CCBG. 
The proceeds of the offering 
 of trust preferred securities and common equity securities were used to purchase 
a 

million junior subordinated deferrable 
 interest note issued by the Company, 
which has terms substantially similar to the trust preferred securities. 

 The Company has the right to defer payments of interest on the two notes at any time 
or from time to time for a period of up to 
 twenty consecutive quarterly interest payment periods. 
Under the terms of each note, in the event that under certain 
 circumstances there is an event of default under the note or the Company has elected 
to defer interest on the note, the Company 
 may not, with certain exceptions, declare or pay any dividends or distributions 
on its capital stock or purchase or acquire any of 
 its capital stock. 
At December 31, 2022, the Company has paid all interest payments 
in full. 

 The Company has entered into agreements to guarantee the payments of distributions 
on the trust preferred securities and 
 payments of redemption of the trust preferred securities. 
Under these agreements, the Company also agrees, on a subordinated 
 basis, to pay expenses and liabilities of the two trusts other than those arising 
under the trust preferred securities. 
The obligations 
 of the Company under the two junior subordinated notes, the trust agreements establishing 
the two trusts, the guarantee and 
 agreement as to expenses and liabilities, in aggregate, constitute a full and 
unconditional guarantee by the Company of the two 
 trusts obligations under the two trust preferred security issuances. 
 Despite the fact that the accounts of CCBG Capital Trust 
I and CCBG Capital Trust II are not included 
in the Company s 
 consolidated financial statements, the 

million and 

million, respectively, in 
trust preferred securities issued by these 
 subsidiary trusts are included in the Tier 1 Capital of 
Capital City Bank Group, Inc. as allowed by Federal Reserve guidelines.

95 

State 

Deferred: 
 Federal 
 )
 )
 )
 State 
 )
 )
 
 Change in Valuation 
Allowance 

)
 )
 )
 )
 Total: 
 Federal 

State 

Change in Valuation 
Allowance 

)
 Total 

to 
 pre-tax income as a result of the following:

Increases (Decreases) Resulting From: 
 Tax-Exempt Interest 
Income 
 )
 )
 )
 State Taxes, Net of Federal 
Benefit 

Other 
 )

Change in Valuation 
Allowance 

)
 Tax-Exempt Cash Surrender 
Value 
Life Insurance Benefit 
 )
 )
 )
 Noncontrolling Interest 
 
 )
 )
 Actual Tax Expense 

96 

Accrued Pension/SERP 

State Net Operating Loss and Tax 
Credit Carry-Forwards 

Other Real Estate Owned 

Accrued SERP Liability 

Lease Liability 

Net Unrealized Losses on Investment Securities 

Other 

Total Deferred 
Tax Assets 

Deferred Tax Liabilities 
Attributable to: 
 Depreciation on Premises and Equipment 

Deferred Loan Fees and Costs 

Intangible Assets 

Accrued Pension Liability 

Right of Use Asset 

Investments 

Other 

Total Deferred 
Tax Liabilities 

Valuation 
Allowance 

Net Deferred Tax Asset 

million is recorded at December 31, 2022. 
At December 31, 2022, the Company had 
 state loss and tax credit carry-forwards of approximately 

million, which expire at various dates from 
 2023
 
through 
 2037
 . 
 At December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the Company had 

material unrecognized gross tax benefits.

penalties and interest related to income taxes recorded in the Consolidated 
 Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 
and 2020. 
There were 

amounts accrued in the 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition for penalties and interest 
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The Company files a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return and a separate 
U.S. federal income tax return for CCHL. Each 
 subsidiary files various returns in states where its banking offices 
are located. 
The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal 
 or state tax examinations for years before 2019.

million, 

million, and 
 
 million, respectively. 

97 

shares reserved for issuance. 
On an annual basis, the Company, pursuant 
to the terms and conditions of the 
 AIP, 
will create an annual incentive plan Plan ), under which all participants are 
eligible to earn performance shares. 
Awards 
 for associates under the 2021 Plan were tied to internally established performance 
goals. 
At base level targets, the grant-date fair 
 value of the shares eligible to be awarded in 2022 was approximately 

million. 
Approximately 
 
 of the award is in the 
 form of stock and 
 
 in the form of a cash bonus. 
For 2022, a total of 

shares were eligible for issuance, but additional 
 shares could be earned if performance exceeded established goals. 
A total of 

shares were earned for 2022 that were issued 
 in January 2023. 
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Directors earned 

and 

shares, respectively, 
 under the Plan. The Company recognized expense of 

million, 

million and 

million for the years ended December 
 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, 
related to the AIP. 

 Executive Long-Term 
Incentive Plan LTIP . 
The Company has established a Performance Share Unit Plan under the 
 provisions of the AIP that allows William G. Smith, Jr., 
the Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of CCBG, 
Inc., 
 Thomas A. Barron, the President of CCB, and J. Kimbrough Davis, Chief Financial 
Officer of the Company to earn shares based 
 on the compound annual growth rate in diluted earnings per share over 
a three-year period. 
The Company recognized expense of 

million, 

million and 

million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
Shares issued 
 under the plan were 
 
 , 
 
 , and 

for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
A total of 

shares were earned in 2022 that were issued in January 2023. 

 After deducting the shares earned, but not issued, in 2022 under the AIP and 
LTIP, 

shares remain eligible for issuance 
 under the 2021 AIP.

of the 
 closing price on the date of purchase. 
Stock purchases under the DSPP are limited to the amount of the directors annual retainer 
 and meeting fees. 
Under the DSPP, 
there were 

shares reserved for issuance. 
The Company recognized 

million in 
 expense under the DSPP for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 
2020. 
The Company issued shares under the DSPP 
 totaling 
 
 , 

and 

for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
At December 31, 2022, 
 there were 

shares eligible for issuance under the DSPP. 
 ASPP. 

 Under the Company s ASPP, 
substantially all associates may purchase the Company s 
common stock through payroll 
 deductions at a price equal to 
 
 of the lower of the fair market value at the beginning or end of each six-month offering 
 period. 
Stock purchases under the ASPP are limited to 
 
 of an associate s eligible compensation, 
up to a maximum of 
 
 (fair market value on each enrollment date) in any plan year. 
Under the ASPP, 
there were 

shares of common stock 
 reserved for issuance. 
The Company recognized 

million, 

million and 

million in expense under the ASPP for the 
 years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
The Company issued shares under the ASPP totaling 
 
 , 

and 

for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
At December 31, 2022, 

shares 
 remained eligible for issuance under the ASPP.

for 2022. 
For 2021 and 2020, the weighted average fair value purchase right granted was 

and 
 
 , respectively. 
In calculating compensation, the fair value of each stock purchase right was estimated 
on the date 
 of grant using the following weighted average assumptions:

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected life (in years) 

98 

99 

Service Cost 

Interest Cost 

Actuarial (Gain) Loss 
 )
 )
 
 Benefits Paid 
 )
 )
 )
 Expenses Paid 
 )
 )
 )
 Settlements 
 )
 )
 
 Special/Contractual Termination 
Benefits 

Projected Benefit Obligation at End of Year 

Change in Plan Assets: 
 Fair Value 
of Plan Assets at Beginning of Year 

Actual Return on Plan Assets 
 )

Employer Contributions 

Benefits Paid 
 )
 )
 )
 Expenses Paid 
 )
 )
 )
 Settlements 
 )
 )
 
 Fair Value 
of Plan Assets at End of Year 

Funded Status of Plan and Accrued Liability Recognized at End of Year: 
 Other Liabilities 

Accumulated Benefit Obligation at End of Year 

Components of Net Periodic Benefit Costs: 
 Service Cost 

Interest Cost 

Expected Return on Plan Assets 
 )
 )
 )
 Amortization of Prior Service Costs 

Special/Contractual Termination 
Benefits 

Net Loss Amortization 

Net Loss Settlements 

Net Periodic Benefit Cost 

Weighted-Average 
Assumptions Used to Determine Benefit Obligation: 
 Discount Rate 

Rate of Compensation Increase
 (1)

Measurement Date 
 12/31/22
 12/31/21
 12/31/20
 Weighted-Average 
Assumptions Used to Determine Benefit Cost: 
 Discount Rate 

Expected Return on Plan Assets 

Rate of Compensation Increase
 (1)

Amortization Amounts from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income: 
 Net Actuarial Loss (Gain) 

)
 
 )

Prior Service Cost 
 )
 )
 )
 Net Loss 
 )
 )
 )
 Deferred Tax Expense 
(Benefit) 

)
 Other Comprehensive Loss (Gain), net of tax 
 
 )
 
 )

Amounts Recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income: 
 Net Actuarial Losses 

Prior Service Cost 

Deferred Tax Benefit 
 )
 )
 )
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, net of tax 

100 

million and 

million during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The service cost component of net periodic benefit cost is reflected in compensation 
expense in the accompanying Consolidated 
 Statements of Income. 
The other components of net periodic cost are included in other within the 
noninterest expense category 
 in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
See Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies for additional information. 
 The Company expects to recognize 

million of the net actuarial loss reflected in accumulated other comprehensive income 
at 
 December 31, 2022 as a component of net periodic benefit cost during 2023. 
 Plan Assets. 
 The Company s pension 
plan asset allocation at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the target 
asset allocation for 
 2022 are as follows:

Debt Securities 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Total 

The Company s pension plan assets are overseen 
by the CCBG Retirement Committee. 
Capital City Trust Company acts as the 
 investment manager for the plan. 
The investment strategy is to maximize return on investments while minimizing risk. 
The 
 Company believes the best way to accomplish this goal is to take a conservative 
approach to its investment strategy by investing 
 in mutual funds that include various high-grade equity securities and investment 
-grade debt issuances with varying investment 
 strategies. 
The target asset allocation will periodically be adjusted based 
on market conditions and will operate within the 
 following investment policy statement allocation ranges: equity securities ranging 
from 
 
 and 
 
 , debt securities ranging 
 from 
 
 and 
 
 , and cash and cash equivalents ranging from 
 
 and 
 
 . 
The overall expected long-term rate of return on 
 assets is a weighted-average expectation for the return on plan assets. 
The Company considers historical performance data and 
 economic/financial data to arrive at expected long-term rates of return for each asset category. 
 The major categories of assets in the Company s 
pension plan at December 31 are presented in the following table. 
Assets are 
 segregated by the level of the valuation inputs within the fair value hierarchy 
established by ASC Topic 820 
utilized to measure 
 fair value (see Note 22 Fair Value 
Measurements).

Mutual Funds 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Level 2: 
 U.S. Government Agency 

Corporate Notes/Bonds 

Total Fair Value 
of Plan Assets 

101 
 
 2024 
 
 2025 
 
 2026 
 
 2027 
 
 2028 through 2032 
 
 Total 

- 

Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan
 The Company has a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan SERP and 
a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan II 
 SERP II covering selected executive officers. 
Benefits under this plan generally are based on the same service and 
 compensation as used for the pension plan, except the benefits are calculated without 
regard to the limits set by the Internal 
 Revenue Code on compensation and benefits. 
The net benefit payable from the SERP is the difference between 
this gross benefit 
 and the benefit payable by the pension plan. 
The SERP II was adopted by the Company s Board 
on May 21, 2020 and covers 
 certain executive officers that were not covered by 
the SERP. 
 The following table details on a consolidated basis the changes in benefit 
obligation, the funded status of the plan, components of 
 pension expense, amounts recognized in the Company s 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, and major assumptions 
 used to determine these amounts.

102 

Service Cost 

Interest Cost 

Actuarial (Gain) Loss 
 )
 )
 
 Plan Amendments 

Projected Benefit Obligation at End of Year 

Funded Status of Plan and Accrued Liability Recognized at End of Year: 
 Other Liabilities 

Accumulated Benefit Obligation at End of Year 

Components of Net Periodic Benefit Costs: 
 Service Cost 

Interest Cost 

Amortization of Prior Service Cost 

Net Loss Amortization 

Net Periodic Benefit Cost 

Weighted-Average 
Assumptions Used to Determine Benefit Obligation: 
 Discount Rate 

Rate of Compensation Increase
 (1)

Measurement Date 
 12/31/22
 12/31/21
 12/31/20
 Weighted-Average 
Assumptions Used to Determine Benefit Cost: 
 Discount Rate 

Rate of Compensation Increase
 (1)

Amortization Amounts from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income: 
 Net Actuarial 
(Gain) Loss 
 
 )
 
 )

Prior Service (Benefit) Cost 
 )
 )
 
 Net Loss 
 )
 )
 )
 Deferred Tax Expense 
(Benefit) 

)
 Other Comprehensive (Gain) Loss, net of tax 
 
 )
 
 )

Amounts Recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income: 
 Net Actuarial Loss 
 
 )

Prior Service Cost 

Deferred Tax Benefit 
 
 )
 )
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Gain, net of tax 
 
 )

million of the net actuarial loss reflected in accumulated other 
 comprehensive income at December 31, 2022 as a component of net periodic 
benefit cost during 2023. 

 In June 2023, lump sum retirement distributions to two plan participants 
will require the application of settlement accounting. 

 The amount of the settlement charge cannot be determined until the 
time of cash payment utilizing discount rates at that time.

103 

2024 
 
 2025 
 
 2026 
 
 2027 
 
 2028 through 2032 
 
 Total 

from the Company are made for up to 
 
 of the participant s compensation for 
eligible associates. 
Further, in addition to the 
 
 match, all associates hired after 
 December 31, 2019 will receive annually a contribution by the Company 
equal to 
 
 of their compensation. 
For 2022, the 
 Company made annual matching contributions of 

million. 
For 2021 and 2020, the Company made annual matching 
 contributions of 

million and 

million, respectively. 
The participant may choose to invest their contributions into thirty-
 four investment options available to 401(k) participants, including 
the Company s common stock. 
A total of 

shares of 
 CCBG common stock have been reserved for issuance. 
Shares issued to participants have historically been purchased in the open 
 market. 

 CCHL has a 401(k) Plan available to all CCHL associates who are 
employed. 
The plan allows participants to contribute any 
 amount, up to the maximum annual limit allowed by the IRS, of their compensation 
withheld in any plan year placed in the 
 401(k) Plan trust account. 
A discretionary matching contribution is determined annually by CCHL. 
For 2022, 2021, and 2020, 
 matching contributions were made by CCHL up to 
 
 of eligible participant s compensation 
totaling 

million, 

million, 
 and 

million, respectively. 

 Other Plans
 The Company has a Dividend Reinvestment and Optional Stock Purchase 
Plan. 
A total of 

shares have been reserved for 
 issuance. 
In recent years, shares for the Dividend Reinvestment and Optional Stock Purchase Plan have 
been acquired in the open 
 market and, thus, the Company did not issue any shares under this plan in 2022, 
2021 and 2020.

Denominator: 
 Denominator for Basic Earnings Per Share Weighted 
-Average Shares 

Effects of Dilutive Securities Stock Compensation 
Plans 

Denominator for Diluted Earnings Per Share Adjusted Weighted 
-Average 

Shares and Assumed Conversions 

Basic Earnings Per Share 

Diluted Earnings Per Share 

104 

105 

CCB 

Tier 1 Capital: 
 CCBG 

CCB 

Total 
Capital: 
 CCBG 

CCB 

Tier 1 Leverage: 
 CCBG 

CCB 

2021 
 Common Equity Tier 1: 
 CCBG 

CCB 

Tier 1 Capital: 
 CCBG 

CCB 

Total 
Capital: 
 CCBG 

CCB 

Tier 1 Leverage: 
 CCBG 

CCB 

Not applicable to bank holding companies.

million plus an additional amount equal to net profits of the Company s 
subsidiary bank for 2023 up to the date of any such 
 dividend declaration.

106 

)
 
 )
 Other comprehensive (loss) income during the period 
 )

)
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 )

)
 
 )
 Balance as of January 1, 2021 

)
 
 )
 Other comprehensive income (loss) during the period 
 )

Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 
 )

)
 
 )
 Balance as of January 1, 2020 

)
 
 )
 Other comprehensive income (loss) during the period 

)
 )
 Balance as of December 31, 2020 

)
 
 )

million 
 and 

million, respectively. 
During 2022 and 2021, 

million and 

million in new loans were made and repayments 
 totaled 

million and 

million, respectively. 
These loans were all current at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Deposits from certain directors, executive officers, and 
their related interests totaled 

million and 

million at December 
 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Under a lease agreement expiring in 
 2052
 , the Bank leases land from a partnership in which William G. Smith, 
Jr. has an interest. 

 The lease agreement with Smith Interests General Partnership L.L.P. 
provides for annual lease payments of approximately 
 
 million, to be adjusted for inflation in future years. 
 William G. Smith, III, the son of our Chairman, 
President and Chief Executive Officer, 
William G. Smith, Jr., 
is employed as 
 President, North Florida Region at Capital City Bank. 
In 2022, William G. Smith, III s 
total compensation (consisting of annual 
 base salary, annual bonus, 
and stock-based compensation) was determined in accordance with the Company s 
standard 
 employment and compensation practices applicable to associates with similar responsibilities 
and positions.

107 
 
 of the sum of total interest income and noninterest income, which are 
 not disclosed separately elsewhere, are presented below for each of 
the respective years.

Professional Fees 

Telephone 

Advertising 

Processing Services 

Insurance Other 

Pension Other 
 )
 
 )
 Pension Settlement 

Other 

Total 

Standby Letters of Credit 

Total 

108 

Impact of Adoption of ASC 326 

Provision for Credit Losses 

Ending Balance 

million in a bank tech venture capital fund focused on 
 finding and funding technology solutions for community banks and a commitment 
of up to 

million in a solar tax credit equity 
 fund. 
At December 31, 2022, the Company had contributed 

million of the bank tech commitment and 

million of the 
 solar fund commitment. 
At December 31, 2021, the Company had contributed 

million of the bank tech commitment. 
 Contingencies
 . 
The Company is a party to lawsuits and claims arising out of the normal course of business. 
In management s 
 opinion, there are 

known pending claims or litigation, the outcome of which would, individually 
or in the aggregate, have a 
 material effect on the consolidated results of operations, 
financial position, or cash flows of the Company. 
 Indemnification Obligation
 . 
The Company is a member of the Visa U.S.A. 
network. 
Visa U.S.A believes that its member 
banks 
 are required to indemnify it for potential future settlement of certain litigation 
(the Covered Litigation that relates to several 
 antitrust lawsuits challenging the practices of Visa 
and MasterCard International. 
In 2008, the Company, as a member 
of the Visa 
 U.S.A. network, obtained Class B shares of Visa, 
Inc. upon its initial public offering. 
Since its initial public offering, Visa, 
Inc. 
 has funded a litigation reserve for the Covered Litigation resulting in a reduction in 
the Class B shares held by the Company. 

 During the first quarter of 2011, the Company 
sold its remaining Class B shares. 
Associated with this sale, the Company entered 
 into a swap contract with the purchaser of the shares that requires a payment to 
the counterparty in the event that Visa, Inc. 
makes 
 subsequent revisions to the conversion ratio for its Class B shares. 
Fixed charges included in the swap liability are payable 
 quarterly until the litigation reserve is fully liquidated and at which time the 
aforementioned swap contract will be terminated. 

 Conversion ratio payments and ongoing fixed quarterly charges 
are reflected in earnings in the period incurred. 
Payments during 
 2022 totaled 

million. 
Payments totaled 

million and 

million for the years 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
At 
 December 31, 2022, there was 

million payable. 
There was 

million payable December 31, 2021.

109 

million payable. 

110 

U.S. Government Agency 

States and Political Subdivisions 

Mortgage-Backed Securities 

Corporate Debt Securities 

Loans Held for Sale 

Interest Rate Swap Derivative 

Mortgage Banking Hedge Derivative 

Mortgage Banking IRLC Derivative 

2021 
 ASSETS: 
 Securities Available for 
Sale: 
 U.S. Government Treasury 

U.S. Government Agency 

State and Political Subdivisions 

Mortgage-Backed Securities 

Corporate Debt Securities 

Loans Held for Sale 

Interest Rate Swap Derivative 

Mortgage Banking IRLC Derivative 

LIABILITIES: 
 Mortgage Banking Hedge Derivative 

million and 

million, respectively 
 for the year ended December 31, 2022 related to mortgage banking 
activities. 
The Company had Level 3 issuances and transfers 
 of 

million and 

million, respectively, for 
the year ended December 31, 2021. 
Issuances are valued based on the 
 change in fair value of the underlying mortgage loan from inception of the IRLC to the statement 
of financial condition date, 
 adjusted for pull-through rates and costs to originate. 
IRLCs transferred out of Level 3 represent IRLCs that were funded and 
 moved to mortgage loans held for sale, at fair value.
 Assets Measured at Fair Value 
on a Non-Recurring Basis
 Certain assets are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis (i.e., the 
assets are not measured at fair value on an ongoing 
 basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances). 
An example would be assets exhibiting evidence of 
 impairment. 
The following is a description of valuation methodologies used for assets measured on a non-recurring 
basis. 

 Collateral Dependent Loans
 . 
Impairment for collateral dependent loans is measured using the fair 
value of the collateral less 
 selling costs. 
The fair value of collateral is determined by an independent valuation 
or professional appraisal in conformance with 
 banking regulations. 
Collateral values are estimated using Level 3 inputs due to the volatility in the real 
estate market, and the 
 judgment and estimation involved in the real estate appraisal process. 
Collateral dependent loans are reviewed and evaluated on 
 at least a quarterly basis for additional impairment and adjusted accordingly. 
Valuation 
techniques are consistent with those 
 techniques applied in prior periods. 
Collateral dependent loans had a carrying value of 

million with a valuation allowance of 

million at December 31, 2022. 
Collateral dependent loans had a carrying value of 

million with a valuation allowance of 

million at December 31, 2021. 

111 

valuation 
 allowance for mortgage servicing rights. 
 Assets and Liabilities Disclosed at Fair Value 
 The Company is required to disclose the estimated fair value of financial instruments, 
both assets and liabilities, for which it is 
 practical to estimate fair value and the following is a description of valuation 
methodologies used for those assets and liabilities. 
 Cash and Short-Term 
Investments. 

 The carrying amount of cash and short-term investments is used to approximate 
fair value, 
 given the short time frame to maturity and as such assets do not present unanticipated 
credit concerns. 

Securities Held to Maturity
 . 
Securities held to maturity are valued in accordance with the methodology 
previously noted in the 
 caption Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value 
on a Recurring Basis Securities Available 
for Sale . 

Loans.
 
The loan portfolio is segregated into categories and the fair value of each loan category is calculated 
using present value 
 techniques based upon projected cash flows and estimated discount 
rates. 
Pursuant to the adoption of ASU 2016-01, 
 Recognition 
 and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial 
Liabilities
 , the values reported reflect the incorporation of a liquidity 
 discount to meet the objective of exit price valuation. 

 Deposits.
 
The fair value of Noninterest Bearing Deposits, NOW Accounts, Money 
Market Accounts and Savings Accounts are 
 the amounts payable on demand at the reporting date. The fair value of fixed 
maturity certificates of deposit is estimated using 
 present value techniques and rates currently offered for deposits of similar 
remaining maturities. 
 Subordinated Notes Payable. 
 
The fair value of each note is calculated using present value techniques, 
based upon projected cash 
 flows and estimated discount rates as well as rates being offered 
for similar obligations. 
 Short-Term 
and Long-Term 
Borrowings.
 
The fair value of each note is calculated using present value techniques, 
based upon 
 projected cash flows and estimated discount rates as well as rates being offered 
for similar debt. 

112 

Short-Term Investments 

Investment Securities, Held to Maturity 

Equity Securities
 (1)

Other Equity Securities
 (2)

Mortgage Servicing Rights 

Loans, Net of Allowance for Credit Losses 

LIABILITIES: 
 Deposits 

Short-Term 
Borrowings 

Subordinated Notes Payable 

Long-Term Borrowings 

Short-Term Investments 

Investment Securities, Held to Maturity 

Equity Securities
 (1)

Other Equity Securities
 (2)

Mortgage Servicing Rights 

Loans, Net of Allowance for Credit Losses 

LIABILITIES: 
 Deposits 

Short-Term 
Borrowings 

Subordinated Notes Payable 

Long-Term Borrowings 

(1)
 
Not readily marketable securities. 

113 

Equity Securities 

Investment in Subsidiary Bank 

Goodwill and Other Intangibles 

Other Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES 
 Subordinated Notes Payable 

Other Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

SHAREOWNERS EQUITY 
 Common Stock, 

par value; 

shares authorized;

and 

shares 
 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional Paid-In Capital 

Retained Earnings 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, Net of Tax 
 )
 )
 Total Shareowners 
Equity 

Total Liabilities and Shareowners 
Equity 

114 

Dividends 

Other Income 

Total Operating 
Income 

OPERATING EXPENSE 
 Salaries and Associate Benefits 

Interest on Subordinated Notes Payable 

Professional Fees 

Advertising 

Legal Fees 

Other 

Total Operating 
Expense 

Earnings Before Income Taxes 
and Equity in Undistributed 
 Earnings of Subsidiary Bank 

Income Tax Benefit 
 )
 )
 )
 Earnings Before Equity in Undistributed Earnings of Subsidiary Bank 

Equity in Undistributed Earnings of Subsidiary Bank 

Net Income Attributable to Common Shareowners 

115 

Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income to Net Cash Provided By 
 
Operating Activities: 
 Equity in Undistributed Earnings of Subsidiary Bank 
 )
 )
 )
 Stock Compensation 

Amortization of Intangible Asset 

Increase in Other Assets 
 )
 )
 )
 Increase in Other Liabilities 

Net Cash Provided By Operating Activities 

CASH FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 
 Purchase of Equity Securities 
 
 )
 
 )

Net Cash Paid for Acquisition 
 
 )
 
 Decrease (Increase) in Investment in Subsidiaries 
 
 )
 
 Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities 

)

CASH FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 
 Repayment of Long-Term 
Borrowings 
 
 )
 )
 Dividends Paid 
 )
 )
 )
 Issuance of Common Stock Under Compensation Plans 

Payments to Repurchase Common Stock 

)
 Net Cash Used In Financing Activities 
 
 )
 
 )
 
 )
 Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash 
 
 )
 
 Cash at Beginning of Year 

Cash at End of Year 

116 
 Item 9.
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
 None. 
 Item 9A. 
Controls and Procedures
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls 
and Procedures
 . 
At December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report 
 on Form 10-K, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer 
and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated 
the effectiveness 
 of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based upon 
 that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief 
Financial Officer each concluded that at December 31, 2022, 
the end of the 
 period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we maintained effective 
disclosure controls and procedures. 
 Management s 
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.
 
Our management is responsible for establishing and 
 maintaining effective internal control over financial 
reporting. 
Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting 
and the preparation of financial statements for 
 external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting 
principles. 
 Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance 
of achieving financial reporting objectives because of 
 its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process 
that involves human diligence and compliance and is 
 subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. 
Internal control over financial reporting can also be 
 circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such 
limitations, there is a risk that material 
 misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal 
control over financial reporting. However, these 
 inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting 
process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process 
 safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 
 Management is also responsible for the preparation and fair presentation 
of the consolidated financial statements and other 
 financial information contained in this report. The accompanying consolidated 
financial statements were prepared in conformity 
 with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and include, as necessary, 
best estimates and judgments by management. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including 
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial 
 Officer, we conducted 
an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based 
on the framework in 
 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of 
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway 
Commission 
 (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). 
Based on this evaluation under the framework in Internal Control - Integrated 
 Framework, our management has concluded we maintained effective 
internal control over financial reporting, as such term is 
 defined in Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-15(f), at December 31, 2022. 

 FORVIS, LLP (f/k/a 
BKD, LLP), an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited 
our consolidated financial 
 statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 
opined as to the effectiveness of internal control over financial 
 reporting at December 31, 2022, as stated in its report, which is included herein 
on page 117. 
 Change in Internal Control
 . 
Our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial 
Officer, has reviewed 
 our internal control. 
There have been no changes in our internal control during our most recently completed 
fiscal quarter that 
 materially affected, or are likely to materially affect 
our internal control over financial reporting. 

117 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareowners, 
Board of Directors and Audit Committee 

 Capital City Bank Group, Inc. 
 Tallahassee, Florida 
 Opinion on the Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited 
Capital City Bank Group, Inc. s (the Company 
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 
 2022, based on criteria established in 
 Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013)
 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring 
 Organizations of the Treadway 
Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material 
respects, effective 
 internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based 
on criteria established in 
 Internal Control Integrated 
 Framework: (2013) 
 issued by COSO. 

 We also have audited, 
in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United 
States) 
 PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company 
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for each of the years 
 in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated March 
1, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those 
 financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible 
for maintaining effective internal control over financial 
reporting and for its 
 assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial 
reporting, included in the accompanying 
 Management s 
Report 
 on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
 . 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s 
internal control over 
 financial reporting based on our audit. 

 We are a public 
accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with 
respect to the Company in 
 accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and 
regulations of the Securities and Exchange 
 Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted 
our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. 
Those standards require that we plan and perform the 
 audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal 
control over financial reporting was maintained in all 
 material respects. 
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control 
over financial reporting, assessing the risk 
 that a material weakness exists and testing and evaluating the design and operating 
effectiveness of internal control based on the 
 assessed risk. 
Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary 
in the circumstances. 
We 
 believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definitions and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over 
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding 
the 
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of reliable financial 
statements for external purposes in accordance with 
 generally accepted accounting principles. 
A company s internal control over financial reporting 
includes those policies and 
 procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, 
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions 
 and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance 
that transactions are recorded as necessary to 
 permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and 
 expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations 
of management and directors of the 
 company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or 
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
 disposition of the company s 
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting 
may not prevent or detect misstatements. 
Also, 
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future 
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate 
 because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or 
procedures may deteriorate. 
 FORVIS, LLP (Formerly, 
BKD, LLP) 
 Little Rock, Arkansas 
 March 1, 2023 

118 
 Item 9B. 
Other Information 
 None. 
 Item 9C. 
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
 None. 

119 
 Part III 
 Item 10. 
Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the sections entitled Proposal No. 
1 Election of Directors , Corporate Governance at 
 Capital City, Share Ownership, 
and Board Committee Membership in the Registrant s 
Proxy Statement relating to its 
 Annual Meeting of Shareowners to be held April 25, 2023. 
 Item 11. 
Executive Compensation 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the sections entitled Compensation 
Discussion and Analysis, Executive Compensation, 
 and Director Compensation in the Registrant s 
Proxy Statement relating to its Annual Meeting of Shareowners to be held April 
 25, 2023. 
 Item 12. 
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related 
Shareowners Matters. 

 Information required by Item 12 of Form 10-K is incorporated by reference 
from the information contained in the sections 
 captioned Share Ownership and Equity Compensation Plan Information 
in the Registrant s Proxy Statement relating to its 
 Annual Meeting of Shareowners to be held April 25, 2023. 

 Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, 
and Director Independence 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the sections entitled Transactions 
With Related Persons and Corporate Governance 
at 
 Capital City in the Registrant s Proxy 
Statement relating to its Annual Meeting of Shareowners to be held April 25, 2023. 

 Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services
 Incorporated herein by reference to the section entitled Audit Committee Matters 
in the Registrant s Proxy Statement 
relating to 
 its Annual Meeting of Shareowners to be held April 25, 2023. 

120 
 PART 
IV
 Item 15. 
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

 The following documents are filed as part of this report 
 
1. 
Financial Statements 
 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at the End of Fiscal Years 
2022 and 2021 
 
Consolidated Statements of Income for Fiscal Years 
2022, 2021, and 2020 
 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for Fiscal Years 
2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareowners Equity for 
Fiscal Years 
2022, 2021, and 2020 
 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Fiscal Years 
2022, 2021, and 2020 
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
2. 
Financial Statement Schedules 
 Other schedules and exhibits are omitted because the required information 
either is not applicable or is shown in the 
 financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 
3. 
Exhibits Required to be Filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K 
 Reg. S-K 
 Exhibit 

 Table 
 Item No. 
Description of Exhibit 
 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of 
 the Registrant s Form 8-K (filed 5/3/21) (No. 0-13358). 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant s 
 Form 8-K (filed 5/3/21) (No. 0-13358). 
 4.1 
See Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2 for provisions of Amended and 
Restated Articles of Incorporation and 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws, which define the rights of the Registrant s 
shareowners. 
 4.2 
 Capital City Bank Group, Inc. 2021 Director Stock Purchase Plan - incorporated herein by reference to 
 Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant s Form S-8 (filed 5/14/21) (No. 333-256134). 
 4.3 
 Capital City Bank Group, Inc. 2021 Associate Stock Purchase Plan - incorporated herein by reference 
 to Exhibit 4.4 of the Registrant s Form S-8 (filed 5/14/21) (No. 333-256134). 
 4.4 

 Capital City Bank Group, Inc. 2021 Associate Incentive Plan - incorporated herein by reference to 
 Exhibit 4.5 of the Registrant s Form S-8 (filed 5/14/21) (No. 333-256134). 
 4.5 
In accordance with Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A) certain instruments 
defining the rights of 
 holders of long-term debt of Capital City Bank Group, Inc. not exceeding 10 
of the total assets of 
 Capital City Bank Group, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries have 
been omitted; the Registrant 
 agrees to furnish a copy of any such instruments to the Commission upon request. 
 10.1 
 Capital City Bank Group, Inc. 1996 Dividend Reinvestment and Optional Stock Purchase Plan - 
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10 of the Registrant s Form S-3 (filed 01/30/97) (No. 333- 
 20683). 
 10.2 
 Capital City Bank Group, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan - incorporated herein by 
 reference to Exhibit 10(d) of the Registrant s Form 10-K (filed 3/27/03) (No. 0-13358). 
 10.3 
 Capital City Bank Group, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
 4.3 of Registrant s Form S-8 (filed 09/30/97) (No. 333-36693). 
 10.6 
 Form of Participant Agreement for Long-Term Incentive Plan. 
 14 
 Capital City Bank Group, Inc. Code of Ethics for the Chief Financial Officer and Senior Financial 
 Officers - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 14 of the Registrant's Form 8-K (filed 3/11/05) 
 (No. 0-13358). 
 21 
 Capital City Bank Group, Inc. Subsidiaries, as of December 31, 2022. 

121 
 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 23.2 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 
 Certification of CEO pursuant to Securities and Exchange Act Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of CFO pursuant to Securities and Exchange Act Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of CEO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of CFO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.SCH 
XBRL Taxonomy 
Extension Schema Document 
 101.CAL 
XBRL Taxonomy 
Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 101.LAB 
XBRL Taxonomy 
Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 101.PRE 
XBRL Taxonomy 
Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 101.DEF 
XBRL Taxonomy 
Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 104 
Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Information required to be presented in Exhibit 11 
is provided in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements under 
 Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K in accordance with the provisions of U.S. 
generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Filed electronically herewith. 

 Item 16. 
Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

122 
 Signatures
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this 
 report to be signed on March 1, 2023, on its behalf by the undersigned, 
thereunto duly authorized. 
 CAPITAL CITY 
BANK GROUP, 
INC. 
 /s/ William G. Smith, Jr. 

 William G. Smith, Jr. 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has 
been signed on March 1, 2023 by the 
 following persons in the capacities indicated. 
 /s/ William G. Smith, Jr. 

 William G. Smith, Jr. 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 /s/ Jeptha E. Larkin 

 Jeptha E. Larkin 
 Executive Vice President 
and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

123 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this 
 report to be signed on March 1, 2023, on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto 
duly authorized. 
 Directors: 

/s/ Robert Antoine 

/s/ J. Everitt Drew 
 
Robert Antoine 

J. Everitt Drew 

/s/ Thomas A. Barron 

/s/ Eric Grant 
 
Thomas A. Barron 

Eric Grant 

/s/ William Butler 

/s/ Laura Johnson 
 
William Butler 

Laura Johnson 

/s/ Stanley W. Connally, 
Jr. 

/s/ John G. Sample, Jr. 
 
Stanley W. 
Connally, Jr 

John G. Sample, Jr 
 /s/ Marshall M. Criser III 
 /s/ William G. Smith, Jr. 
 
Marshall M. Criser III 
 
William G. Smith, Jr. 
 /s/ Kimberly Crowell 
 /s/ Ashbel C. Williams 
 
Kimberly Crowell 
 
Ashbel C. Williams 

/s/ Bonnie Davenport 

Bonnie Davenport 

<EX-10.6>
 2
 exhibit106.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.6

exhibit106 

1 
 Exhibit 10.6. 
Form of Participant Agreement for Long-Term 
Incentive Plan 
 PARTICIPANT 
AGREEMENT 
 [NAME, TITLE] 
 This 
Participant 
Agreement 
(the Agreement 
is made 
as of 
the 
[DAY] 
day 
of 
[MONTH], 
[YEAR], 
between 
Capital 
 City 
Bank 
Group, 
Inc., 
a 
Florida 
corporation 
(the 
 Company ), 
and 
[NAME] Participant ). 
Capitalized 
terms 
used 
and 
not 
 otherwise defined herein shall have 
the meanings attributed thereto in 
the Capital City Bank Group, 
Inc. 2021 Associate Incentive 
 Plan (the Plan ). 
 WHEREAS
 , the Participant is a key 
officer or associate of the Company or 
one of its subsidiaries who has been 
selected 
 to 
receive 
an 
Award 
of 
Performance 
Share 
Units 
under 
the 
Plan 
by 
the 
Compensation 
Committee 
of 
the 
Company s 
Board 
of 
 Directors (the Committee ). 
 NOW, 
THEREFORE
 , in 
consideration of 
the premises 
and the 
mutual covenants 
contained herein, 
and for 
other good 
 and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 1. 
Grant. 

(a) 
Performance 
Share 
Units. 
Upon 
the 
execution 
of 
this 
Agreement, 
the 
Committee 
hereby 
grants 
the 
 Participant an Award 
of up to 
[NUMBER] Performance 
Share Units, to 
be payable in 
one installment, upon 
the attainment of 
the 
 performance goals set 
forth in Exhibit 
A and subject 
to the terms 
and conditions of 
this Agreement and 
the Plan. 
Upon issuance, 
 the Performance Share Units shall be immediately converted to shares (the 
 Shares of Common Stock of the Company. 
 (b) 
Cash. 
Upon 
the 
execution 
of 
this 
Agreement, 
the 
Committee 
hereby 
grants 
the 
Participant 
a 
Cash 
 Award 
of up to 
 [NUMBER], to be 
payable in one 
installment, upon 
the attainment of 
the performance 
goals set forth 
in Exhibit 
 A and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan. 
 2. 
Earnings Goals. 
The Performance 
Share Units 
are hereby 
awarded on 
the basis, 
and Shares 
shall be 
issued at 
 the time of 
achievement, of the 
earnings goals for 
such Performance 
Share Units set 
forth on Exhibit 
A Earnings Goals ). 
The 
 Shares 
shall 
not 
be 
issued, 
and 
Participant 
shall 
lose 
all 
rights 
to 
same, 
if 
(i) 
the 
Earnings 
Goals 
set 
forth 
on 
Exhibit 
A 
and 
 applicable to those issuances 
are not met, (ii) the 
Company reports negative 
earnings for the calendar 
year (no Performance Share 
 Units shall 
be issued 
for that 
calendar year 
and all 
rights to 
same shall 
be forfeited), 
or (iii) 
prior to 
the award 
date, Participant 
 ceases to 
be employed 
by the 
Company or 
any subsidiary 
for any 
reason, including 
death, disability 
or voluntary 
or involuntary 
 termination, with 
or without 
cause, or 
is employed 
in a 
capacity of 
lesser responsibility 
within the 
Company or 
Subsidiary from 
 that now occupied 
by Participant. 
The failure 
to meet an 
Earnings Goal in 
one calendar year 
will not affect 
the prior issuance 
of 
 Shares pursuant to a previously satisfied Earnings Goal. 
 3. 
Representations and Warranties 
of the Participant. 
The Participant represents, warrants and covenants that: 
 (a) 
Knowledge 
and 
Experience. 
The 
Participant 
has 
such 
knowledge 
and 
experience 
in 
financial 
and 
 business matters 
that he 
or she, together 
with his 
or her 
professional advisor, 
if any, 
is capable 
of evaluating 
the merits 
and risks 
 of 
receipt 
of 
the 
Shares. 
The 
Participant 
has 
had 
access 
to 
such 
information 
concerning 
the 
Company, 
including 
its 
current 
 financial statements, 
as the Participant 
deems necessary 
to enable him 
or her to 
make an informed 
decision concerning receipt 
of 
 the Shares. 
 (b) 
Withholding 
Taxes. 
The Participant 
acknowledges 
and agrees 
that the 
Company 
may withhold 
from 
 the 
Participant s 
cash 
compensation 
(whether 
paid 
in 
the 
form 
of 
salary, 
bonus 
or 
other 
type 
of 
cash 
payment) 
an 
amount 
 calculated on 
the taxable 
income recognized 
by the Participant 
with respect to 
all compensation 
paid hereunder, 
calculated at the 
 maximum withholding 
rate permitted for 
the Company under 
the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as 
amended (the Code ). 
The 
 date 
of 
such 
taxable 
income 
recognition, 
and 
the 
Company s 
corresponding 
right 
to 
withhold 
from 
Participant s 
cash 
 compensation 
shall 
occur 
on 
the 
first 
date 
the 
Participant 
has 
the 
right 
to 
receive 
the 
Shares, 
whether 
or 
not 
the 
Participant 
 exercises that right. 

2 
 4. 
No Change in Employment 
Status. 
Nothing in the Agreement 
shall alter, in 
any way, 
Participant s employment 
 status with the 
Company, 
nor shall anything 
in this Agreement 
confer upon the 
Participant any right 
to continue in 
the employ of 
 the 
Company 
or 
any 
of 
its 
subsidiaries 
or 
interfere 
in 
any 
way 
with 
the 
rights 
of 
the 
Company 
to 
change 
or 
terminate 
the 
 employment 
of 
the 
Participant. 
Designation 
as 
a 
Participant 
pursuant 
to 
this 
Agreement 
will 
not 
confer 
any 
right 
on 
the 
 Participant 
to 
be 
designated 
as 
a 
Participant 
in 
the 
future. 
This 
paragraph 
shall 
not 
change 
the 
terms 
and 
conditions 
of 
any 
 employment 
agreement in effect between the Participant and the Company. 
 5. 
Interpretation. 
The 
Committee 
interpretation 
of 
this 
Agreement, 
the 
Plan 
and 
all 
other 
decisions 
and 
 determinations by the Committee 
shall be final and binding 
upon the parties hereto. 
The Committee may amend 
any provision of 
 this 
Agreement 
at 
any 
time; 
provided 
that, 
except 
with 
the 
consent 
of 
the 
Participant, 
no 
amendment 
of 
this 
Agreement 
will 
 impair 
the rights 
of the 
Participant to 
the Shares. 
The Committee 
shall have 
the full 
and 
exclusive 
right to 
make 
reductions 
in 
 Awards 
under 
the 
Agreement. 
In 
determining 
whether 
to 
reduce 
any 
Award 
and 
the 
amount 
of 
any 
such 
reduction, 
the 
 Committee shall take 
into consideration 
such factors 
as the Committee 
shall determine 
reasonable under 
the circumstances, in 
its 
 sole and absolute 
discretion. 
The discretion 
of the Committee 
does not include 
the authority to 
change, in 
any way, 
the payment 
 date, the 
issuance date 
or the 
timing of 
a benefit 
hereunder, 
whether acceleration 
or deferral. 
The Committee 
does not 
have the 
 authority to increase any 
Award 
and, if an Award 
is reduced by the Committee 
for any reason, the 
reduction shall be permanently 
 reduced. 
Notwithstanding 
any 
provision 
of 
this 
Agreement 
to 
the 
contrary, 
the 
intent 
of 
the 
parties 
is 
that 
benefits 
under 
this 
 Agreement 
comply with 
Internal Revenue 
Code Section 
409A Section 
409A ), 
as may 
be amended 
from time 
to time, 
to the 
 extent subject 
thereto, and, 
accordingly, 
to the 
maximum extent 
permitted, this 
Agreement shall 
be interpreted 
and administered 
 to 
be 
in 
compliance 
therewith. 
To 
the 
extent 
any 
amount 
accrued 
or 
payable 
under 
this 
Agreement 
is 
or 
becomes 
subject 
to 
 Section 409A, this Agreement shall be interpreted and construed in a manner consistent with 
Section 409A. 
 6. 
Company Rights. 
This Agreement shall 
not in any 
way affect the 
right of the 
Company to make 
changes of its 
 capital structure or to merge or consolidate or to dissolve, liquidate 
or sell all or any part of its business or its assets. 
 7. 
Plan. 
The terms 
and provisions 
of the 
Plan are 
incorporated 
herein by 
reference, and 
Participant 
agrees to 
be 
 bound 
by 
all 
such 
terms 
and 
provisions. 
In 
the 
event 
of 
a 
conflict 
or 
inconsistency 
between 
any 
terms 
and 
conditions 
of 
this 
 Agreement and the Plan, the Plan shall govern and control. 
 8. 
Miscellaneous. 
This 
Agreement 
and 
the 
Plan 
represent 
the 
entire 
understanding 
and 
agreement 
between 
the 
 parties 
with 
respect 
to 
the 
subject 
matter 
of 
this 
Agreement, 
and 
supersedes 
all 
other 
negotiations, 
understandings 
and 
 representations 
(if 
any) 
made 
by 
and 
between 
the 
parties. 
All 
of 
the 
terms 
and 
provisions 
of 
this 
Agreement 
shall 
be 
binding 
 upon, 
inure 
to 
the 
benefit 
of, 
and 
be 
enforceable 
by 
the 
parties 
and 
their 
respective 
heirs, 
legal 
representatives, 
successors 
and 
 permitted assigns, 
whether so 
expressed or 
not. 
No party 
shall assign 
its rights 
or obligations 
under this 
Agreement without 
the 
 prior written consent of each other party to this Agreement. 
 The 
headings 
contained 
in 
this 
Agreement 
are 
for 
convenience 
of 
reference 
only, 
and 
shall 
not 
limit 
or 
 otherwise 
affect 
in 
any 
way 
the 
meaning 
or 
interpretation 
of 
this 
Agreement. 
If 
any 
part 
of 
this 
Agreement 
or 
any 
other 
 agreement 
entered 
into 
pursuant 
to 
this 
Agreement 
is 
contrary 
to, 
prohibited 
by 
or 
deemed 
invalid 
under 
applicable 
law 
or 
 regulation, 
such 
provision 
shall 
be 
inapplicable 
and 
deemed 
omitted 
to 
the 
extent 
so 
contrary, 
prohibited 
or 
invalid, 
but 
the 
 remainder 
of 
this 
Agreement 
shall 
not 
be 
invalidated 
thereby 
and 
shall 
be 
given 
full 
force 
and 
effect 
so 
far 
as 
possible. 
All 
 covenants, 
agreements, 
representations 
and 
warranties 
made 
in 
this 
Agreement 
or 
otherwise 
made 
in 
writing 
by 
any 
party 
 pursuant to 
this Agreement 
shall survive 
the execution 
and delivery 
of this 
Agreement and 
the consummation 
of the 
transactions 
 contemplated hereby. 
 The 
parties 
acknowledge 
that 
a 
substantial 
portion 
of 
the 
negotiations 
and 
anticipated 
performance 
of 
this 
 Agreement occurred or 
shall occur in Leon 
County, 
Florida. 
Any civil action 
or legal proceeding 
arising out of or 
relating to this 
 Agreement 
shall 
be 
brought 
in 
the 
courts 
of 
record 
of the 
State of 
Florida 
in 
Leon 
County 
or 
the 
United 
States 
District 
Court, 
 Northern 
District 
of 
Florida. 
Each 
party 
consents 
to 
the 
jurisdiction 
of 
this 
court 
in 
any 
civil 
action 
or 
legal 
proceeding 
and 
 waives any 
objection to 
the laying 
of venue 
of any 
civil action 
or legal 
proceeding in 
court. 
Service of 
any court 
paper may 
be 
 effected 
on 
a party 
by mail, 
as provided 
in this 
Agreement, 
or in 
any other 
manner 
as may 
be provided 
under applicable 
laws, 
 rules of procedure or local rules. 

 This Agreement 
and all 
transactions contemplated 
by this 
Agreement shall 
be governed 
by, 
and construed 
and 
 enforced 
in accordance 
with, the 
internal 
laws of 
the State 
of 
Florida 
without 
regard 
to principles 
of conflicts 
of 
laws. 
If 
any 
 legal 
action 
or 
other 
proceeding 
is 
brought 
for 
the 
enforcement 
of 
this 
Agreement, 
or 
because 
of 
an 
alleged 
dispute, 
breach, 
 default, 
or 
misrepresentation 
in 
connection 
with 
any 
provision 
of 
this 
Agreement, 
the 
successful 
or 
prevailing 
party 
or 
parties 
 shall be entitled to recover reasonable 
attorneys' fees, sales and use taxes, 
court costs, and all other expenses 
even if not taxable as 
 court costs. 
This Agreement 
may be executed 
in one or 
more counterparts, 
each of 
which shall be 
deemed an 
original, but 
all of 
 which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

3 
 IN WITNESS 
WHEREOF
 , the 
parties have 
caused this 
Participant Agreement 
to be 
signed as 
of the 
date first 
written 
 above. 
 Witnesses
 :
 
CAPITAL CITY BANK 
GROUP, 
INC.
 
By: 

[NAME] 
 
[TITLE] 

[NAME] 
 ______________________________ 
[TITLE] 

4 
 EXHIBIT A 
 [YEAR] EARNINGS GOALS
 The 
purpose 
of 
Exhibit 
A 
is 
to 
set 
forth 
the 
Earnings 
Goals 
and 
to 
advise 
the 
Participant 
as 
to 
the 
potential 
number 
of 
 Performance Share Units which may be earned under the Plan if the Earnings 
Goals are achieved. 

 Performance Share Units 
 Performance Share 
Units may be 
earned for achieving 
Compound Annual Growth 
Rate CAGR in 
Diluted Earnings per 
Share 
 DEPS ). 
The level of economic 
value of eligible Performance 
Share Units ranges from zero 
to a maximum of [NUMBER] 
(at 
 the date 
of grant). 
The Participant 
is eligible 
to receive 
up to 
[NUMBER] Performance 
Share Units 
if the 
established 
Earnings 
 Goals are achieved. 
If the CAGR is 
greater than [NUMBER] 
and less than 
or equal to [NUMBER] , 
then the economic 
value 
 of the award will be awarded on a pro-rata basis. 
Payment will be based on three-year compounding. 
 [YEAR]Plan 
 EPS 
 CAGR 
 [NUMBER] 
 in [YEAR]) 
 Economic 
 Value of 
 Shares 
 # of Shares 
 
@ 
 [NUMBER] 
 Cash 
 Total 
 Award 
 Value 
 Shares convertible 
from Performance 
Share Units 
will be 
issued in 
the calendar 
quarter following 
the calendar 
year in which 
the 
 Performance 
Share Units 
were earned. 
The value 
of the 
Shares 
issued is 
treated 
as compensation 
and creates 
an additional 
tax 
 liability 
for 
the 
Participant 
as of 
the first 
date 
the Participant 
has 
the right 
to receive 
the Shares, 
whether 
or not 
the Participant 
 exercises that right. 
 CASH AWARD 
 Cash may be earned for achieving 
Compound Annual Growth Rate CAGR in 
Diluted Earnings per Share DEPS in a range 
 from zero 
to a 
maximum of 
 [NUMBER]. 
If the 
CAGR is 
greater than 
[NUMBER] and 
less than 
or equal 
to [NUMBER] , 
 then the cash value portion of the award will be awarded on a pro-rata basis. 
Payment will be based on three-year compounding. 
 Due to the 
complexities of the 
tax laws and 
circumstances which may 
affect individual participants, 
the Participant is 
encouraged 
 to consult with the Participant s tax 
advisor concerning any possible tax consequences of this transaction. 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-21>
 3
 exhibit21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

exhibit21 

1 
 Exhibit 21. 
Capital City Bank Group, Inc. Subsidiaries, at December 31, 2022. 
 Direct
 Subsidiaries:
 Capital City Bank 
 Capital City Strategic Wealth, 
LLC (Florida) 
 CCBG Capital Trust I (Delaware) 
 CCBG Capital Trust II (Delaware) 
 Indirect Subsidiaries: 
 Capital City Investments (DBA) 
 Capital City Trust Company (Florida) 
 Capital City Home Loans, 
LLC (Georgia) 
 FNB Financial Services, LLC (Florida) 
 Southeastern Oaks, LLC (Florida) 
 Capital City Wealth 
Advisors, Inc. (Florida) 

 Southern Live Oak Investments, Inc. (Delaware) 
 Red Hills REIT, Inc. 
(Florida) 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exhibit231.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

exhibit231 

1 
 Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to 
the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-3D (Registration 
No. 333-20683) and the 
 Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Registration Nos. 333-36693 
and 333-256134) of Capital City Bank Group, Inc. (the 
 Company) of our report dated March 1, 2023, on our audits of the consolidated 
financial statements of the Company as of December 
 31, 2022 and 2021, and for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 
31, 2022, which report is included in this 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
We also consent to 
the incorporation by reference of our report dated March 1, 2023, on our 
audit of 
 the internal control over financial reporting of the Company as of December 31, 2022, 
which report is included in this Annual Report 
 on Form 10-K. 
 FORVIS, LLP (Formerly, 
BKD, LLP)
 Little Rock, Arkansas 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 exhibit232.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.2

exhibit232 

1 
 Exhibit 23.2 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to 
the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 
 (1)
 
Registration Statement (Form S-3D No. 333-20683) of Capital City Bank Group, 
Inc., 
 (2)
 
Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-36693) of Capital City Bank Group, 
Inc., and 
 (3)
 
Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-256134) of Capital City Bank Group, 
Inc. 

 of our report dated March 1, 2021, with respect to the consolidated financial 
statements of Capital City Bank Group, Inc. included 
 in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Capital City Bank Group, Inc. 
for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 /s/ Ernst Young, 
LLP 
 Tallahassee, Florida 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 exhibit311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

exhibit311 

1 
 Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of CEO Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act 
 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, William G. Smith, Jr., 
certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Capital City Bank Group, 
Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement 
of a material fact or omit to state a material 
 fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which 
such statements were made, not misleading 
 with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial 
information included in this report, fairly 
 present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations 
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the 
 periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other 
certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining 
disclosure controls and 
 procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) 
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined 
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) 
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure 
controls and procedures to be 
 designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating 
to the registrant, including its consolidated 
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly 
during the period in which this report is 
 being prepared; 
 (b) 
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal 
control over financial 
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance 
regarding the reliability of financial 
 reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance 
with generally accepted 
 accounting principles; 
 (c) 
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s 
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this 
 report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure 
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period 
 covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) 
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s 
internal control over financial reporting that occurred 
 during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter 
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in 
the case of an annual report) that 
 has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, 
the registrant s internal control over financial 
 reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other 
certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal 
control 
 over financial reporting, to the registrant s 
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s 
board of directors (or persons 
 performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) 
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of 
internal control over 
 financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect 
the registrant s ability to record, 
process, summarize 
 and report financial information; and 
 (b) 
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees 
who have a significant 
 role in the registrant s internal control 
over financial reporting. 
 /s/ William G. Smith, Jr. 

 William G. Smith, Jr. 
 Chairman, President and 

 Chief Executive Officer 
 Date: March 1, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 exhibit312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

exhibit312 

1 
 Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of CFO Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act 
 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Jeptha E. Larkin, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Capital City Bank Group, 
Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement 
of a material fact or omit to state a material 
 fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which 
such statements were made, not misleading 
 with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial 
information included in this report, fairly 
 present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and 
cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the 
 periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other 
certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining 
disclosure controls and 
 procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) 
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined 
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) 
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure 
controls and procedures to be 
 designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating 
to the registrant, including its consolidated 
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly 
during the period in which this report is 
 being prepared; 
 (b) 
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal 
control over financial 
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance 
regarding the reliability of financial 
 reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance 
with generally accepted 
 accounting principles; 
 (c) 
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s 
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this 
 report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure 
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period 
 covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) 
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s 
internal control over financial reporting that occurred 
 during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter 
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in 
the case of an annual report) that 
 has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, 
the registrant s internal control over financial 
 reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other 
certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal 
control 
 over financial reporting, to the registrant s 
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s 
board of directors (or persons 
 performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) 
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of 
internal control over 
 financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect 
the registrant s ability to record, 
process, summarize 
 and report financial information; and 
 (b) 
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees 
who have a significant 
 role in the registrant s internal control 
over financial reporting. 
 /s/ Jeptha E. Larkin 

 Jeptha E. Larkin 
 Executive Vice President 
and 

 Chief Financial Officer 
 Date: March 1, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 exhibit321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

exhibit321 

1 
 Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of CEO Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 

 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of 
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the 
 undersigned certifies that, to the undersigned s 
knowledge, (1) this Annual Report of Capital City Bank Group, Inc. (the 
 Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, 
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the 
 date hereof (this Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 
13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
 amended, and (2) the information contained in this Report fairly presents, in 
all material respects, the financial condition of the 
 Company and its results of operations as of and for the periods covered therein. 
 /s/ William G. Smith, Jr. 

 William G. Smith, Jr. 
 Chairman, President and 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Date: March 1, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 exhibit322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

exhibit322 

1 
 Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of CFO Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 

 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of 
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the 
 undersigned certifies that, to the undersigned s 
knowledge, (1) this Annual Report of Capital City Bank Group, Inc. (the 
 Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, 
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the 
 date hereof (this Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 
13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
 amended, and (2) the information contained in this Report fairly presents, in 
all material respects, the financial condition of the 
 Company and its results of operations as of and for the periods covered therein. 
 /s/ Jeptha E. Larkin 

 Jeptha E. Larkin 
 Executive Vice President 
and 

 Chief Financial Officer 
 Date: March 1, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 ccbg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 ccbg-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 ccbg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 ccbg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 ccbg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

