<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1744494_0001829126-23-002501.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13841969</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>412404</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1971778</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5265791</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2543927</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3235272</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001829126-23-002501.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331161303
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-23-002501
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		141
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ADVENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001744494
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRICAL MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3690]
		IRS NUMBER:				830982969
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38742
		FILM NUMBER:		23787780

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 RUTHERFORD AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 102
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02129
		BUSINESS PHONE:		857-264-7035

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 RUTHERFORD AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 102
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02129

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMCI Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180622

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001829126-23-002501.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 adventtech_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark
One) 

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 2022 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

(Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
of incorporation) 
 
 (Commission 
File Number) 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
Identification No.) 

,

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Capital Market 

The
 Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was
required to submit such files). No 

Table of Contents 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the Registrant s shares of common stock outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be
deemed affiliates of the Registrant, at June 30, 2022, was approximately 
million. 

As
of March 31, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

Table
of Contents 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1 . 
 Business 
 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 10 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 26 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 26 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 26 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 26 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 27 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 27 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 27 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 45 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 45 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 45 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures (Amended) 
 
 46 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 46 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 46 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 47 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 53 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 59 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 61 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 62 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 63 

Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 65 

Signatures 
 
 66 

i 

 Table of Contents 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K and the information incorporated herein by reference may constitute forward-looking statements ,
which reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, our operations and financial performance. All statements other than
statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements regarding our future results of
operations and financial position, business strategy and plans and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements.
The words believe, may, will, estimate, continue, anticipate, 
 intend, expect, should, could, target, predict, seek 
and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on
our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition,
results of operations, business strategy, short- and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs. These forward-looking
statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in Item 1.A Risk Factors 
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment and new risks emerge
from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business
or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any
forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances
discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated
or implied in the forward-looking statements. 

Some
of the key factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations include: 

our
 ability to maintain the listing of our shares of common stock and warrants on Nasdaq; 

our
 ability to raise financing in the future; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting officers, key employees or directors; 

factors
 relating to our business, operations and financial performance, including: 

our
 ability to control the costs associated with our operations; 

our
 ability to grow and manage growth profitably; 

our
 reliance on complex machinery for our operations and production; 

the
 market s willingness to adopt our technology; 

our
 ability to maintain relationships with customers; 

the
 potential impact of product recalls; 

our
 ability to compete within our industry; 

increases
 in costs, disruption of supply or shortage of raw materials; 

risks
 associated with strategic alliances or acquisitions; 

the
 impact of unfavorable changes in U.S. and international regulations; 

the
 availability of and our ability to meet the terms and conditions for government grants and
 economic incentives; and 

our
 ability to protect our intellectual property rights; 

ii 

 Table of Contents 

market
 conditions and global and economic factors beyond our control; 

volatility
 of our stock price and potential share dilution; 

future
 exchange and interest rates; and 

other
 factors detailed herein under the section entitled Risk Factors. 

The
forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are made only as of the date of this Annual Report. You should
not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the
forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and
circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes
responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any
forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to conform these statements to actual
results or to changes in our expectations. 

As
a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, our actual results or performance may be materially different from
those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. For a discussion of the risks involved in our business and investing
in our common stock, see the section entitled Risk Factors. 

Should
one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results
may vary in material respects from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements. 

iii 

 Table of Contents 

PART
I 

References in
this annual report to we, us, Advent, company, or our company are
to Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries. References to management 
or our management team are to our officers and directors. 

Item
 1. Business. 

Overview 

We
are an advanced materials and technology development company operating in the fuel cell and hydrogen technology space. We develop, manufacture,
and assemble complete fuel cell systems and the critical components that determine the performance of hydrogen fuel cells and other energy
systems. 

We
develop and manufacture high-temperature proton exchange membranes HT-PEM or HT-PEMs and fuel cell systems
for the off-grid and portable power markets and plan to expand into the mobility market. Select applications are telecom towers (5G and
older), energy infrastructure (methane emissions mitigation for the oil and gas industry), and portable power for defense or emergency
response units. Our mission is to become a leading provider of fuel cell systems, HT-PEMs, fuel cells, and HT-PEM based membrane electrode
assemblies MEA or MEAs ), which are critical components used in fuel cells, and other electrochemical applications
such as electrolyzers and flow batteries. We develop the core chemistry components, the MEAs, that enable fuel cells to operate at high
temperatures and also provide these MEAs to third-party fuel cell manufacturers. HT-PEM fuel cells have the advantage of operating with
multiple low-carbon fuels (in addition to hydrogen) and under extreme conditions. 

Our
current revenue is derived from the sale of fuel cell systems and from the sale of MEAs, membranes, and electrodes for specific applications
in the fuel cell and energy storage (flow battery) markets. While fuel cell systems sales and associated revenue is expected to provide
the majority of our income in the near future, the MEA innovation is expected to facilitate strategic partnerships between us and Tier
1 suppliers and original equipment manufacturers OEMs as these downstream manufacturers develop their own white-labelled
HT-PEM products. 

We
have our headquarters in Boston, Massachusetts, which includes a product development and research and development facility, and have
MEA fabrication and system production facilities in Livermore, California; Achern, Germany; Aalborg, Denmark; and Patras, Greece. We
plan to scale-up U.S. and European production and its global sales operations to handle future demand. Our investment priorities are
increasing MEA production volumes, executing on new product development initiatives (next-generation fuel cell systems and MEAs), and
optimizing production operations to improve unit costs. 

Our
principal focus is on the total fuel cell market, from components to complete systems, and we plan to use our products and technology
to address pressing global climate needs. Fuel cell and hydrogen technology is expected to play a critical role in global decarbonization.
In order to meet the targets established in the Paris Climate Accords, which seek to mitigate climate change and maintain global temperature
less than 1.5 C-2.0 C above pre-industrial levels, the global community will need to accelerate the adoption of technologies
like our fuel cells, that reduce or eliminate emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases. We believe that fuel cells will
be a key component of the future energy generation platform given that: 

Fuel
 cells generate electricity and heat from hydrogen-based fuels, thereby substantially reducing
 emissions of carbon dioxide and other pollutants generated by the combustion process in internal
 combustion engines ICE or ICEs and diesel generators. Fuel
 cells can be powered autonomously for hours or days where the fuel comes from a discrete
 source, or for longer where there is a pipeline or other large available source of fuel such
 as a tank. 

Fuel
 cells utilize fuels with a high energy density relative to lithium-ion batteries and other
 battery technology (according to ARPA-E power densities, hydrogen contains 40,000 Wh/kg while
 lithium-ion batteries carry only about 260Wh/kg). This makes fuel cell technology well-suited
 for use in mobility and off-grid energy generation applications where battery technology
 faces limitations such as lifespan, self-discharge, weight (fuel cells are between 3 to 25
 times lighter than batteries providing equivalent power), operation under almost any weather
 conditions, and recharge times. 

1 

 Table of Contents 

We
 expect that hydrogen will also be used to create liquid, synthetic fuels (eFuels like eMethanol,
 made by combining hydrogen with carbon dioxide for a net-zero liquid fuel) that have the
 advantage of lower transportation costs and network infrastructure investment relative to
 hydrogen gas. Fuels like methanol have become subject to an increasing interest in Asia because
 they are currently available. We believe methanol has the potential to become a leading zero-emissions
 liquid fuel that can leverage the current global infrastructure from gas stations to fuel
 tankers and trucks. Given the urgency to decarbonize power generation, and the challenges
 the investment requirement poses for developing countries, we expect methanol to have an
 increasingly significant role as a liquid hydrogen carrier and a low/no carbon dioxide emission
 alternative to oil. 

The
Fuel Cell Industry 

Fuel
cell and hydrogen technology is expected to play a critical role in global decarbonization given the clean nature of emissions from hydrogen
and hydrogen-carrier fuels relative to fossil fuels. In addition, the challenges associated with existing battery technology limit it
from mass adoption across industries. Globally, an average of 38 billion per annum is expected to be invested in the hydrogen and fuel
cell sector between 2020 and 2040 with the goal of significantly increasing production capacity while lowering the cost of production.
While the availability of hydrogen limited the fuel cell industry in the past, it is now expected to become an opportunity for growth,
particularly in sectors such as industrials, power generation and automotive. 

Within
the fuel cell market, our products have significant advantages relative to its competitors that are focused on low-temperature proton
exchange membrane technology LT-PEM or LT-PEMs ). We believe these advantages will help us secure commercial
opportunities in the fuel cell market and help drive wide-spread adoption of fuel cell technology. The benefits of our HT-PEMs relative
to LT-PEMs include: 

We
 have developed our products under the principle of Any Fuel. Anywhere. 
 which can be distilled into the two components: 

Any
 Fuel: While LT-PEMs require high-purity hydrogen to operate, our HT-PEMs can utilize
 low cost and abundant hydrogen-carrier fuels, including methanol, natural gas, e-fuels, liquid
 organic hydrogen carriers, dimethyl ether, and renewable biofuels. The infrastructure required
 for clean energy powered solely by high-purity hydrogen would cost trillions of dollars.
 In contrast, many of the hydrogen-carrier fuels can use existing or in-development infrastructure
 and have a much lower transport cost than hydrogen. This key technology differentiator bypasses
 the need to commit to a specific energy distribution network and leverages existing infrastructure.
 Most importantly, it provides an immediately serviceable market today, while we believe many
 LT-PEM competitors may have to wait another decade for the availability of green, high-purity,
 inexpensive hydrogen, and potentially longer for the maturity of hydrogen transportation
 and storage networks. Given the urgency to decarbonize power generation, and the investment
 challenges faced by developing countries, we expect methanol to have an increasingly significant
 role as a liquid hydrogen carrier and a low or no carbon dioxide emission alternative to
 oil. 

Anywhere:
 Our HT-PEM fuel cells have the ability to operate in a variety of practical conditions,
 including a wide range of geographies, weather, ambient temperatures (as low as -20 o C
 and up to +55 o C), and in humid or polluted environments. LT-PEM fuel cells, on
 the other hand, tend to struggle in the heat, can be damaged by dry climates, or polluted
 air, and cannot handle impurities of the hydrogen supply. LT-PEM technology is intolerant
 to CO damage (with performance degradation at levels as low as 10 ppm), while HT-PEM can
 withstand 1-4 CO concentrations, depending on temperature and operation. For example, readily
 available low-cost hydrogen can be made with 1-2 carbon monoxide (20,000ppm), which works
 well with HT- PEMs. LT-PEM loses performance with only 10ppm of carbon monoxide. The relative
 durability of our products in a range of environments also provides a longer life of operation
 relative to LT-PEM fuel cells. 

2 

 Table of Contents 

Our
 HT-PEM technology significantly reduces the balance of plant requirements of a fuel cell
 system relative to LT-PEM fuel cells. This means that fuel cells using our HT-PEMs have simplified
 requirements for supporting components and auxiliary systems, which enables reduced cost
 and increases application range for the end-user. It does this through two methods: 

Superior
 Heat Management: HT-PEM fuel cells operate at high temperatures (between 160 C and 220 C,
 with next-generation MEA-based fuel cells operating between 80 C and 240 C). Therefore,
 the temperature differential between a HT-PEM fuel cell and the outside environment is large.
 As a result, only a small radiator, similar or smaller than the radiator in an ICE vehicle,
 is needed to transfer heat away from the fuel cell stack. Conversely, because LT-PEM fuel
 cells run relatively cooler (under 85 C), a significantly larger radiator is required
 to effectively maintain suitable operating temperatures and conditions for an LT-PEM fuel
 cell. 

Water
 Management Issues: HT-PEM fuel cells use phosphoric acid as an electrolyte rather than water-assisted
 membranes. Therefore, they reduce the need for water balance and other compensating engineering
 systems. 

Our
Solution 

Our
core product offering include: 

1. Systems:
 Fuel cells for portable and stationary applications of power generation, in the range of
 20W to 20kW. These fuel cells have applications in the telecom tower (e.g. 5G, 4G) power,
 surveillance, defense (and other portable power applications), energy (and other critical)
 infrastructure, and auxiliary power (marine, leisure) markets. Our fuel cells are manufactured
 in the U.S., Denmark, and Germany. Fuel cell systems provide the majority of our current
 revenue. 

2. The
 next generation of our fuel cells, in the 15kW to 1MW range, is expected to target the mobility
 sector e.g. , heavy-duty automotive, mining equipment, marine, aerospace, and unmanned
 aerial vehicles UAV )). We are planning to enter into joint development agreements
 with Tier 1 suppliers and OEMs to bring HT-PEM fuel cells to the mobility market. We intend
 to be a provider of MEAs and core technology via licensing, rather than producing end-products
 for the mobility industry. Revenue from joint development agreements may include engineering
 fees during the 1-3 year initial development cycle, MEA sales, and on-going licensing fees. 

3. We
 are a developer of the key component of the fuel cell, the MEA. The operation of the MEA
 is key to the functionality and characteristics of a fuel cell system. Our MEA enables a
 robust, long-lasting, and ultimately low-cost fuel cell product, relative to LT-PEM technologies.
 In addition to our fuel cell system offerings, our MEA is also a discrete product offering
 to third-party fuel cell manufacturers. MEA sales are expected to be a rapidly growing market
 in the future as more and more fuel cells are deployed globally by third parties, especially
 in the mobility space. 

Our
Business Outlook 

In
2021, we became publicly listed on NASDAQ. We also acquired UltraCell LLC UltraCell ), which spearheaded our product offering
in the portable and defense markets. In the defense sector, we deliver human portable systems. In addition, the UltraCell portable system
is being repurposed to provide remote power to oil and gas wellheads (Advent M-ZER family of products) and to address the critical
problem of methane emissions in Canada and the U.S. Furthermore, the Company has continued with delivery of MEAs to fuel cell manufacturers
in Asia and with delivery of electrodes to the high-growth redox flow-battery market. 

In
September 2021, we completed the acquisition of SerEnergy A/S SerEnergy and fischer eco solutions GmbH FES ),
a leading manufacturer of fuel cell systems, with thousands of systems shipped in recent years. SerEnergy is located in Denmark and FES
is located in Germany. The acquisition effectively doubled our team to over 170 people, and we believe the acquired business will be
a strong pillar of its potential growth strategy. SerEnergy and FES have significant production capabilities, are expected to benefit
significantly from our next-generation MEAs and are expected to provide a very strong foothold in the off-grid market. SerEnergy systems,
primarily in the 5kW range, target the telecoms industry (especially the growing 5G tower demand) and other diesel generator replacement
off-grid markets. 

3 

 Table of Contents 

On
June 16, 2022, we announced the receipt of a notification from the Greek State informing the Company that one of the Important Projects
of Common European Interests IPCEIs ), Green HiPo, was submitted for ratification by the European Union EU for funding of 782.1 million, spread over six years. On July 15, 2022, we received official ratification from the European
Commission of the EU. The Green HiPo project is designed to bring the development, design, and manufacture of HT-PEM fuel cells and electrolysers
for the production of power and green hydrogen to the Western Macedonia region of Greece. 

Our
growth strategy is focused on targeting the following four sectors: 

The
 stationary off-grid market, expected to be a growing market. 

The
 human-portable defense, surveillance, energy infrastructure, and leisure market based on
 UltraCell s innovative products. 

The
 development of next-generation MEA and fuel cell solutions for the mobility market. 

The
 large-scale fuel cell systems market (power generation and power to gas). 

Business
Strengths 

Simplified
balance of plant technology : Our HT-PEM technology significantly reduces the balance of plant requirements of a fuel cell system
relative to LT-PEM fuel cells. Fuel cells utilizing our technology have simplified requirements for supporting components and auxiliary
systems because they reduce the complexity of water management systems. Our technology enables advanced, low-cost and simplified cooling
technology, and increases the application range for the end-user. This is especially important for air, heavy-duty transportation, and
marine applications. 

Leveraging
existing fuel infrastructure : Given the fuel-flexible nature of our technology, we are able to leverage the existing fuel delivery
infrastructure e.g . around 3 million miles of natural gas pipelines connecting production, storage and distribution systems
in the U.S. to deliver power to a wide range of customers and markets today. Our plug-and-play dynamic enables swift time-to-market 
capabilities. By contrast, the infrastructure investment required for a high-purity hydrogen economy is expected to be significant 
approximately 15 trillion between now and 2050 globally. 

Experienced
management team with proven track record : The team that we have recruited to bring innovation to the fuel cell industry is highly
experienced with a long pedigree in R D and world-class manufacturing. Our team has been developing MEA components since 2006 and
is led by Dr. Emory De Castro (CTO) who has significant industrial experience. In addition, we initiated in 2021 a joint development
effort under the U.S. Department of Energy DoE umbrella to commercialize next-generation MEAs and ultra-low platinum
catalyst solutions developed by Los Alamos, NREL Laboratories, and Brookhaven Laboratories in the U.S. We were selected as the scale-up
and commercialization partner of the DoE and are working closely with the highly-skilled R D teams of top U.S. labs. 

Following
the acquisitions of UltraCell, SerEnergy and FES, and our ongoing recruiting and development in the U.S., we have significantly increased
our product, system integration, manufacturing, and testing capabilities. UltraCell brings Silicon Valley-type innovation, while SerEnergy s
expertise and world-class reputation in the stationary fuel cell industry is well established. Our team now numbers over 175 people,
many with more than a decade of hands-on expertise in the HT-PEM market. Our investment plan reflects its strategic goal to assemble
significant global know-how of the HT-PEM industry. We expect that HT-PEM, with technology initially developed decades after LT-PEM,
is in early stages of growth as compared to LT-PEM, a technology initially developed during the 1960s. 

Technology 

Our
fuel cells can use Any Fuel. Anywhere. because of the HT-PEM technology that we have pioneered since 2006. High-temperature
fuel cells currently operate at high temperatures (between 160 C and 220 C) and have the potential to operate between 80 C
and 240 C, unlike typical LT-PEM fuel cells that are limited to below 100 C. This temperature advantage allows the fuel cell
to work with other fuels and to have reliable operation at extreme conditions, which we believe is a significant competitive advantage
for the stationary power generation market. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

Enhanced
market opportunity : The multi-fuel capability enables us to have a very strong position in the off-grid and portable power market
in select applications like telecom towers and critical infrastructure power needs. In these applications, diesel generators are primed
for replacement for environmental and cost reasons, batteries are unable to provide a long-term year-round solution, and hydrogen presents
difficult logistical concerns. We believe fuels like methanol are a more compelling choice and that our HT-PEM fuel cells are highly
suitable for these applications. We believe decreasing fuel cell costs, due to technology innovation and manufacturing scale-up, can
provide us with an opportunity to grow in the power generation market and potentially displace diesel generators in applications with
a clear total cost of ownership value proposition, in addition to the environmental mandate. 

The
next-generation of our fuel cells is being developed in collaboration with the U.S. DoE after we were awarded the L Innovator commercialization
program. Under this program, we are working closely with the Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL), Brookhaven National Laboratory (BNL),
and National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL), to commercialize the decade-long materials advancements in the field of MEA development.
We expect that these next-generation MEAs Advanced MEA will bring the HT-PEM technology into the mobility area by enabling
fuel cells to be lightweight with high-power density. The Advanced MEA is also anticipated to deliver as much as three times the power
output of its current MEA product. While we are already projecting being able to pass through substantial cost benefits to its customers
through economies of scale as it increases MEA production, the successful development of the Advanced MEA will be an important factor
in delivering the required improvement in cost effective performance to our customers. 

Based
on the several critical advantages offered by our HT-PEM technology over batteries and LT-PEM technology, we expect to be highly competitive
in numerous applications. In particular, our HT-PEM fuel cells and MEAs are well-suited to off-grid power, portable power applications,
combined heat and power, and mobility e.g. , heavy-duty automotive, aviation, mining equipment, marine, and UAV). Our goal is
to partner with Tier 1 suppliers and OEMs in these new markets, focusing on the fuel cell technology development, licensing, and the
mass production of the next-generation MEAs. 

1. Off-Grid
 Power: We have a growing presence in the off-grid power market, with its acquired SerEnergy
 subsidiary having shipped thousands of systems worldwide to telecommunications providers
 for back-up power systems and stationary power sectors. Methanol is easier and cheaper to
 deliver to remote locations compared to pure hydrogen, providing our HT-PEM technology with
 an advantage in the off-grid market. Off-grid fuel cell solutions can use methanol already
 available at some remote industrial sites, like wellheads. Additionally, methanol can be
 found in products already present at some remote sites, such as certain windshield washer
 fluids. These products could be repurposed as a fuel source for the fuel cell. Fuel cells
 in these applications produce significantly less of the greenhouse gases compared to ICE
 generators and produce power without ICEs attendant high levels of nitrogen oxides,
 sulfur oxides or particulate emissions. Off-grid power solutions have the potential to run
 full-time, 365 days a year, 24 hours per day. Our launch of the M-ZER methanol-fueled
 low-power system targets the power generation needs of remote oil and gas locations. The
 current method of powering such equipment results in significant methane emissions that are
 equivalent to millions of cars emissions per year. 

2. Portable
 Power: Our acquisition of Silicon Valley-based UltraCell provided us with complete system
 technology for the portable power and defense markets. Electrification is one of the key
 initiatives in the defense industry as the needs for mobility and power on demand are increasing
 dramatically. Our fuel cells have already been deployed by the US Department of Defense DoD ),
 in the XX-55 portable power system, while the next-generation Honey Badger 
 product, a wearable fuel cell designed to provide soldiers with on the go power, is currently
 in the DoD s demonstration/validation program. 

The
above markets define our current products, while the markets below constitute its largest opportunities for growth in the future: 

3. Combined
 Heat and Power CHP ): By virtue of their high temperature operation, HT-PEM
 fuel cells are well suited for delivering heat in addition to power to large commercial buildings
 and single or multi-family homes. The CHP efficiency is at the 85 -90 range, making HT-PEM
 fuel cells extremely efficient for such uses. HT-PEM fuel cells can be supplied by existing
 natural gas infrastructure and eventually by a future hydrogen-blend or pure-hydrogen pipeline
 network. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

4. Automotive:
 By charging electric vehicles batteries on-board through the conversion of high-purity
 hydrogen or hydrogen-carrier fuels into electricity, our fuel cells solve the range and recharging
 issues that battery-only electric vehicles currently face. This issue is a particular challenge
 in heavy-duty and commercial vehicles. Since our fuel cells can use hydrogen-carrier fuels
 such as natural gas, methanol and biofuels, fuels that are of growing in importance in China,
 India, and Western Europe, we believe that our technology will be critical in accelerating
 the mass adoption of electric vehicles and the shift away from ICEs. Existing battery and
 LT-PEM technology are unable to meet the needs of heavy-duty transportation which require
 long-range, heavy payloads, fast refill times, and the ability to operate in diverse environments.
 For example, LT-PEM fuel cells are unable to operate in hot environments because the radiator
 required to cool the MEA to the appropriate temperature range would be too large and therefore
 impractical. The use of battery-only technology has the added disadvantage of insufficient
 power capacity without a substantial volume and weight of batteries, which results in a significant
 reduction in cargo capacity. 

5. Aviation:
 Our fuel cells can deliver much longer range (autonomy) and better utilization (through faster
 time to refill and greater payload) for commercial drones, eVTOLs, and auxiliary power for
 traditional aircraft than battery power alone can deliver. Existing commercial drones based
 on battery-only technology have a limited flight time given the power limitations of the
 lightweight requirements of flight. Compared to battery powered flights, aircrafts powered
 by fuel cells using next generation HT-PEMs and ultra-lightweight non-metal plates could
 increase range, payload/passenger capacity, and the number of trips made on one charge or
 fill-up. HT-PEM aircraft have the potential to refuel significantly faster than an equivalent
 battery could recharge. The high-purity hydrogen currently required by LT-PEM is considered
 unsafe for widespread commercial use, while our HT-PEM provides sufficient range using safer
 liquid fuels and the Company believes it is key to efficient real-world flight usage. Hydrogen
 gas and dimethyl ether are suitable for use as fuel for aviation fuel cells, and both work
 well with HT-PEM technology. Additionally, high-temperature operation in aviation is essential,
 given heat exchange issues. Fuel cells have shown that drones can stay airborne for longer
 periods of time, which enhances their value proposition and business applications. We expect
 drone prototypes based on our technology to be available as soon as 2023. 

6. Marine:
 In the marine industry, neither compressed hydrogen nor batteries are a viable option for
 commercial shipping. The industry is evaluating alternative fuels to replace bunker fuel,
 and methanol appears to be among the most likely hydrogen carriers positioned to meet the
 European Union s 2050 decarbonization objectives. Our fuel cells are well-suited for
 methanol use, as the high-temperature operation can use low-grade hydrogen (converted from
 methanol via reformation) that does not work with current LT-PEM fuel cells. Applications
 in the marine industry are likely to develop initially in auxiliary power and smaller ships,
 and eventually scale to the multi-MW range main propulsion market. Our fuel cells promise
 fuel flexibility with hydrogen gas, liquid organic hydrogen carriers, methanol, and natural
 gas, and operate at high temperatures through proprietary chemistry. Marine applications
 could be scalable for divergent load requirements and applications such as powering the entire
 propulsion system or, alternatively, providing auxiliary power to a differently powered primary
 propulsion system. Marine fuel cell usage could offer long range and a fast refill; unlike
 battery power, and longer routes and larger vessels can be powered by fuel cells as compared
 to batteries. In addition, fuel cells can be used in a hybrid structure in conjunction with
 battery power. We are planning our initial focus on applications for auxiliary marine power,
 and then plans to focus on vessels main power. 

We
have been issued, acquired, licensed, or applied for approximately 200 international and United States patents, with a concentration
in membranes, electrodes, and MEAs, which support its product offerings. In the MEA sector, our products include two existing membrane
technologies: TPS , which we have exclusive rights to use and was obtained through patents filed by its founders and
technical staff, and PBI technology, of which we are a selective licensee, and provides exclusive rights to us for commercial
sale of MEAs using PBI technology. Leveraging our membrane technologies, we also have intellectual property for lightweight stacks made
through advances in bipolar plate materials, which supports water-cooled systems. This results in a simpler and more compact balance-of-plant
design. Our own investments in developing leading next-generation fuel cell technology are supported by being able to leverage the research
and development efforts of its strategic partners. We are planning next generation prototypes for fuel stacks, with pilot production
expected as soon as 2023 and mass production expected as soon as 2024. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

Our
rights to commercialize the next-generation HT-PEM materials technology from the DoE L Innovator Program also includes rights to
a portfolio of patents supporting this advanced technology. We were selected through a highly competitive bidding process by virtue of
our management team s track record in taking laboratory inventions and processes through to a fully-scaled and manufactured product.
We expect that this technology will reduce production costs of its MEAs significantly through a 3-fold increase in power output per unit
area of membrane, and will provide longer operating lifetime and a wider temperature operating range as well as substantially lower platinum
content. We expect these advantages will enable us to reduce the cost to end-users of fuel cells and encourage a wider market adoption.
We anticipate commercialization and mass manufacture of this product by 2023. This and other partnerships, joint ventures, and joint
development agreements, including with DoE, NASA (through Advent s affiliation with Northeastern University) and the European Space
Agency, are expected to assist Advent in the mobility and off-grid power markets. 

Our
products and technology are currently being used in the marketplace to generate electricity for commercial applications, and we are developing
partnerships with Tier 1 suppliers, OEMs, and system integrators to further drive commercial adoption and use in an increasing number
of applications and end markets. To date, more than 300,000 TPS and PBI MEAs have been sold (by us and others) for use in defense,
micro-combined heat and power CHP) systems, battery range extenders for fuel cell battery hybrid vehicles, remote power for telecom
and auxiliary power in remote locations, demonstrating strong early-stage adoption of our existing product line. To date, we have shipped
thousands of systems for defense, off-grid and remote/portable power markets. 

As
our business ramps up to mass-production, we plan to pursue a revenue model that includes engineering fees, MEA sales and hardware-technology
licensing fees through the life of product development. Our customer relationship is split into two phases: 1) partner with OEMs to co-develop
customized fuel cell systems based on our MEAs, for which we earn engineering and licensing fees, and 2) produce and sell proprietary
MEAs directly to OEMs while earning licensing fees on fuel cells produced by customers using our technology. We expect high-margin licensing
fees to become a larger component of our revenue mix over time as our customers scale to mass manufacturing of fuel cells and other products. 

We
were founded and are managed by a team of world-class electrochemists, material scientists, and fuel cell specialists with significant
industry and manufacturing expertise. We have received numerous R D funds from the DoE and the European Union and are considered
a pioneer with years of experience in clean energy technology innovation. We have our headquarters and a production facility in Boston,
Massachusetts and operations in California, Greece, Germany, Denmark, and the Philippines. In 2023, we opened our production facility
in Boston, Massachusetts offering research and development facilities and additional production capacity. For additional capacity, we
intend to utilize existing U.S.-based toll-manufacturing for the membrane and electrode production to scale-up its production levels
without significant capital expenditure. Our Patras, Greece based production of membranes, electrodes, and MEAs benefits from labor cost
and skill availability advantages. 

We
intend to direct the majority of our near-term funding requirements to operating expenses and capital expenses for product development
and plan to make substantial investments over the next several years, among others, in new production equipment and warehousing, systems
assembly line, MEA assembly automation, aeronautical stacks and U.S. facility expansion. 

Acquisitions 

Business
Combination of AMCI Acquisition Corp. and Advent Technologies 

In
February 2021, we closed our business combination with AMCI Acquisition Corp. The business combination has provided us with a sustainable
funding base for the next phase of our expansion efforts to respond to significant and immediate market opportunities. Our shareholders
opted to roll 100 of their equity and, as of the completion of the business combination, owned 54 of the pro-forma equity base. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

UltraCell 

On
February 18, 2021, we acquired UltraCell, formerly a fuel cell division of Bren-Tronics, Inc. Prior to the acquisition, we had a
mutually beneficial partnership, having worked together for several years. UltraCell is a leader in lightweight fuel cells for the portable
power market, including small-scale fuel cell technology for the defense industry, and has sold thousands of battery pack charger systems
built around Advent MEAs to four NATO militaries, including those of the U.S. and the U.K. UltraCell systems have been deployed with
excellent performance in stringent and challenging conditions and climates. UltraCell s technology uses hydrogen or liquid fuels
to deliver reliable power at a fraction of the weight of batteries. Traditional LT-PEM fuel cell technology cannot be used in this type
of remote environment fuel cell product due to the issues with compressed high-purity hydrogen. Our fuel flexibility allows for the use
of methanol in its fuel cell application, which is stable in liquid form, cheaper, and more accessible than hydrogen. With our technology
powering UltraCell products like the Honey Badger , a portable fuel cell which is in advanced testing with the U.S. military,
multi-day military missions that generally required over 100 pounds of batteries can substitute a fuel cell and methanol canister with
a total weight of 25 pounds. UltraCell s fuel cell innovations are expected to complement the development of our next-generation
lightweight systems for the mobility market, with an emphasis on the commercial drone, aviation, and heavy-duty automotive industries.
UltraCell produces the only made in the U.S. NATO approved fuel cell products and is one of only two manufacturers of NATO approved fuel
cell products manufacturing in a NATO country. Since the acquisition, we have retained current UltraCell operations in the Livermore,
California area, in parallel to its Boston operations, and plan to continue to do so, with the possibility of expansion in the future. 

SerEnergy
and FES 

On
September 1, 2021, we completed our acquisition (the Fischer Acquisition of SerEnergy and FES from F.E.R. fischer
Edelstahlrohre GmbH Fischer ). SerEnergy and FES currently market and build standalone systems and critical fuel cell components.
These products are complementary to the mobile systems produced by Advent. The Fischer Acquisition is well aligned to the Any
Fuel. Anywhere. strategy, and is expected to accelerate our growing revenue base in fuel cell stacks and systems. The Fischer
Acquisition also increased our patent and trademark portfolio with new intellectual property and increased our labor force by approximately
90 employees, many of whom are highly-skilled manufacturing and sales professionals experienced in the fuel cell industry. SerEnergy
has deployed hundreds of standalone telecom remote self-maintaining power systems, including sales to Smart Communications, a leading
telecommunications provider in the Philippines. These systems can operate in both high humidity and high temperature environments and
offer remote monitoring. We believe that the combined HT-PEM fuel cell production capacity and operations in international markets, currently
consisting of Germany, Denmark and the Philippines, will support our expansion into international customer segments, in particular the
Asian and European markets. 

Specific
Product Offerings 

Honey
Badger : The Reformed Methanol Wearable Fuel Cell Power System, or Honey Badger is an offering marketed by our subsidiary
UltraCell. On June 7, 2021, the U.S. DoD, through the U.S. Army DEVCOM Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Cyber, Intelligence,
Surveillance and Reconnaissance (C5ISR) Center, with funding through the Project Manager Integrated Visual Augmentation System (PM IVAS),
has entered into a contract with us to complete the MIL-STD certification of the cutting edge Honey Badger . Honey
Badger is placed on a soldier worn plate carrier and provides on the move battery charging in the field. It has been selected
by the DoD s National Defense Center for Energy and Environment (NDCEE) to take part in its 2021 demonstration/validation program
and is the only fuel cell to take part in this program. The NDCEE is a DoD program that addresses high-priority environmental, safety,
occupational health, and energy technological challenges that are demonstrated and validated at active installations for military application.
The product is offered at 20W and 50W power versions, and both are in testing and certification stages. Its core technology has completed
successful field trials in Army Expeditionary Warrior Experiments and high-altitude tests in California s Sierra Nevada. UltraCell s
 Honey Badger 50 (the 50W power version) fuel cell is the only fuel cell that is part of this program that supports the
U.S. Army s goal of having a technology-enabled force by 2028. 

On
August 4, 2022, we announced the launch of our HB50 power system, a compact portable fuel cell system and quiet power supply for
use in off-grid field applications such as military and rescue operations. The launch of Advent s portable power system coincided
with the Company s fulfilment of its first shipment order from the U.S. Department of Defense. The HB50 power system can be fueled
by biodegradable methanol, allowing near silent generation of up to 50W of continuous power with clean emissions. Designed for covert
operations, HB50 can easily power radio and satellite communications gear, remote fixed and mobile surveillance systems, and laptop computers
along with more general battery charging needs. HB50 is a unique technology that can provide 65 of weight savings versus batteries over
a typical 72-hour mission. The weight savings benefit increases further for longer missions. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

HB50 s
unique design allows it to be used in soldier-worn configurations or operated inside a portable backpack or vehicle while charging batteries
and powering soldier systems, while its thermal features allow it to operate within an ambient temperature range of -20 C to +55 C.
Aside from its optimized compatibility with Integrated Visual Augmentation System IVAS ), HB50 can also power devices such
as high frequency radios like the model 117G, as well as B-GAN and StarLink terminals. HB50 s durability allows it to be easily
deployed in challenging conditions and climates while supporting mission mobility for three to seven days without the need to re-supply. 

Since
Honey Badger s fuel cell technology can run on hydrogen or liquid fuels, the system can operate at a fraction of the weight of
traditional military-grade batteries to meet the U.S. Department of Defense s continuously evolving needs for on-the-go 
electronics needs. As military adoption and use of IVAS equipment continues to evolve, the highly portable lightweight power solutions
like Honey Badger and HB50 will become a mission critical necessity. 

SereneU :
Our line of Serene solutions includes the core SereneU unit which is a 5kW fourth generation methanol powered hydrogen fuel cell that
can be configured and/or stacked to meet energy needs up to 250kW. The SereneU is based on our proprietary MEA and HT-PEM, which together
not only allow for higher efficiency and performance in extreme temperatures, but also for a lower total cost of ownership and start-up
time, while offering true fuel flexibility. There are currently more than 1,000 SereneU based installations worldwide serving multiple
purposes, covering the need for reliable green power from telecom towers and emergency networks as well as industrial and marine based
requirements. 

M-ZER :
Our M-ZER line of products are designed to generate power in remote environments. Their use significantly reduces methane emissions
where they replace older, less efficient technology. The current M-ZER products are 50W and 150W systems, with systems featuring
up to 400W of power expected to be released by the end of 2022. We have entered into agreements to trial ten 50W systems in Canada starting
in the third quarter of 2021. If the trials are successful, this could result in mass deployment of M-ZER systems during 2023.
The products, which are not expected to require extensive servicing or refueling schedules, can work throughout the year, including in
extreme cold. Traditional green remote power options of solar plus battery storage do not function well in either extreme cold or in
hard-to-reach areas. Widespread adoption of M-ZER technology at all of the wellheads in the U.S. and Canada will result in a
substantial reduction of carbon dioxide emissions. 

Important
Projects of Common European Interest IPCEI 

Green
HiPo : On June 16, 2022, we announced the receipt of a notification from the Greek State informing the Company that the IPCEI
Green HiPo was submitted for ratification by the EU for funding of 782.1 million, spread over the six years. On July 15, 2022,
we received official ratification from the European Commission of the EU. Green HiPo is an IPCEI which will allow us to develop, design,
and manufacture fully scalable HT-PEM fuel cells and electrolysers for the production of power and green hydrogen, respectively. 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
intellectual property portfolio covers among other things: membranes, electrodes, MEAs, and systems exploiting the unique operating characteristics
of its materials. In general, our employees are party to agreements providing that all inventions, whether patented or not, made or conceived
while being an Advent employee, which are related to or result from work or research that the Company performs, will remain our sole
and exclusive property. 

We
have been issued, acquired, licensed, or applied for approximately 200 international patents (including the intellectual property from
the Fischer Acquisition), the vast majority in membranes, electrodes, and MEAs, which support our product offerings. Additionally, we
have approximately eighteen trademarks registered with the USPTO and various international trademark offices, with additional trademark
applications pending. 

Competition 

The
market for alternative fuel and energy storage systems is still in the early stages of growth and is characterized by well-established
battery and LT-PEM products. We believe the principal competitive factors in the markets in which it operates include, but are not limited
to, the size, weight, lifetime, durability, and total cost of ownership of these systems to the end-user. We believe that our HT-PEM
technology competes with these other technologies across a number of new and existing applications in the alternative energy fuel market,
especially in the realm of fuel flexibility and heat management. We believe the total addressable market opportunity could be over 72
billion by the year 2030. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

Employees
and Human Capital Resources 

Our
employees are critical to our success. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 175 employees, including part-time and contractors.
We occasionally rely on additional independent contractors to support our operations. To date, we have not experienced any work stoppages
and consider our relationship with our employees to be in good standing. None of our employees are represented by a labor organization
or are a party to any collective bargaining arrangement. 

We
believe that developing a diverse, equitable and inclusive culture is critical to continuing to attract and retain the top talent necessary
for our long-term success and strategy. We value diversity at all levels. 

We
strive to create a collaborative environment where our colleagues feel respected and valued. We provide our employees with competitive
compensation, opportunities for equity ownership and a robust employment package, including health care, retirement benefits and paid
time off. In addition, we regularly interact with our employees to gauge employee satisfaction and identify areas of focus. 

Available
Information 

Our
Internet address is https://www.advent.energy. Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website
will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and are not considered part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Annual
Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, including exhibits, proxy and information
statements and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a), 14, and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, are available through the Investors portion of our website free of charge
as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. In addition, our filings
with the SEC may be accessed through the SEC s Interactive Data Electronic Applications system at http://www.sec.gov . All
statements made in any of our securities filings, including all forward-looking statements or information, are made as of the date of
the document in which the statement is included, and we do not assume or undertake any obligation to update any of those statements or
documents unless we are required to do so by law. 

Item 1A. Risk
 Factors. 

An
investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risks. You should consider carefully the risks described below as well as the
other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K before investing in our common stock. The risks described below are
those that we believe are the material risks that we face. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, prospects, operating
results and financial condition could suffer materially, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or
part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties
not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. See Forward-Looking
Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Risk
Factors Relating to Our Operations and Business 

We
have incurred losses since inception and we expect that we will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. 

We
have not been profitable since operations commenced, and we may never achieve or sustain profitability. We expect to continue to incur
net losses and generate negative cash flows until we can produce sufficient revenues and gross profit to cover our costs. We may never
become profitable. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may be unable to sustain or increase our profitability in the future. We will
require significant additional capital to continue operations and to implement our business strategy. We cannot estimate with reasonable
certainty the actual amounts necessary to successfully complete the development, manufacture and commercialization of our products and
there is no certainty that we will be able to raise the necessary capital on reasonable terms or at all. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

We
may be unable to adequately control the costs associated with our operations. 

We
will require significant capital to develop and grow our business, including developing and manufacturing our fuel cells and building
Advent s brand. We expect to incur significant expenses which will impact our profitability, including research and development
expenses, raw material procurement costs, sales and distribution expenses as we build Advent s brand and market our fuel cells,
and general and administrative expenses as we scale our operations. Our ability to become profitable in the future will not only depend
on our ability to successfully market our fuel cells and other products and services, but also to control our costs. If we are unable
to cost efficiently design, manufacture, market, sell, distribute and service our fuel cells, our margins, profitability and prospects
would be materially and adversely affected. 

We
may need to raise additional funds and these funds may not be available to us when we need them. If we cannot raise additional funds
when we need them, our operations and prospects could be negatively affected. 

The
scale-up of production of our fuel cells, membranes and electrodes, together with the associated investment in our assembly line and
product development activities, will consume capital. While we expect that we will have sufficient capital to fund our planned operations
through to breakeven, we may need to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity related or debt securities, or through
obtaining credit from government or financial institutions. This capital will be necessary to fund our ongoing operations, continue research,
development and design efforts, improve infrastructure, and introduce new technologies. We cannot be certain that additional funds will
be available to us on favorable terms when required, or at all. If we cannot raise additional funds when we need them, our financial
condition, results of operations, business and prospects could be materially adversely affected. 

Our
audited financial statements included a statement that there is a substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern
and a continuation of negative financial trends could result in our inability to continue as a going concern. 

Our
audited financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 were prepared on the assumption that we would continue
as a going concern. Our audited financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 did not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our management has determined that there is a substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern over the next twelve months based on the insufficient amount of cash and cash equivalents as of the financial statement filing date and our independent auditors have included a going concern explanatory paragraph in their report on our financial
statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. In July 2022, we received official ratification from the European
Commission of the European Union for one of the Important Projects of Common European Interest IPCEI ), Green HiPo. This
project provides for the availability of funding of 782.1 million over the next six years. As of the issuance date of the consolidated
financial statements, we have not received an agreement which provides the terms of the funding. In addition to Green HiPo, management
will pursue an additional capital raise in the second quarter of 2023. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to obtain additional
funding on acceptable terms, if at all. If we are unable to obtain sufficient funding, we could be required to delay our development
efforts, limit activities and reduce research and development costs, which could adversely affect its business prospects. The reaction
of investors to the inclusion of a going concern statement by our independent auditors, and our potential inability to continue as a
going concern, could materially adversely affect the price of our common stock. 

We
continue to generate a low level of revenue from our core products. 

Based
on conversations with existing customers and incoming inquiries from new customers, we anticipate substantial increased demand for our
MEAs and fuel cell systems from a wide range of customers as we scale up our production facilities and testing capabilities, and as the
awareness our MEA capabilities become widely known in the industry. We expect both existing customers to increase order volume, and to
generate substantial new orders from major organizations, with some of whom we are already in discussions regarding prospective commercial
partnerships and joint development agreements. As of December 31, 2022, we were still generating a low level of revenues compared
to our future projections and have not made any commercial sales to major organizations. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

If
we fail to manage our future growth effectively, we may not be able to market and sell our fuel cells successfully. 

Any
failure to manage our growth effectively could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial
condition. We intend to expand our operations significantly. Our future expansion will include: 

training
 new personnel; 

forecasting
 production and revenue; 

geographic
 expansion; 

controlling
 expenses and investments in anticipation of expanded operations; 

entry
 into new material contracts; 

establishing
 or expanding design, production, licensing and sales; and 

implementing
 and enhancing administrative infrastructure, systems and processes. 

We
intend to hire additional personnel, including design and production personnel. Because our technologies are different from traditional
electric vehicle battery technology, individuals with sufficient training in alternative fuel and electric vehicles may not be available
to hire, and as a result, we will need to expend significant time and expense training the employees we do hire. Competition for individuals
with experience designing and manufacturing hydrogen fuel cells is high, and we may not be able to attract, integrate, train, motivate
or retain additional highly qualified personnel in the future. The failure to attract, integrate, train, motivate and retain these additional
employees could seriously harm our business and prospects. 

We
will rely on complex machinery for our operations and production involves a significant degree of risk and uncertainty in terms of operational
performance and costs. 

We
will rely heavily on complex machinery for our operations and our production will involve a significant degree of uncertainty and risk
in terms of operational performance and costs. Our membrane and fuel cell production plant will consist of large-scale machinery combining
many components. The production plant components are likely to suffer unexpected malfunctions from time to time and will depend on repairs
and spare parts to resume operations, which may not be available when needed. Unexpected malfunctions of the production plant components
may significantly affect the intended operational efficiency. Operational performance and costs can be difficult to predict and are often
influenced by factors outside of our control, such as, but not limited to, scarcity of natural resources, environmental hazards and remediation,
costs associated with decommissioning of machines, labor disputes and strikes, difficulty or delays in obtaining governmental permits,
damages or defects in electronic systems, industrial accidents, fire, and seismic activity and natural disasters. Should operational
risks materialize, it may result in the personal injury to or death of workers, the loss of production equipment, damage to manufacturing
facilities, monetary losses, delays and unanticipated fluctuations in production, environmental damage, administrative fines, increased
insurance costs and potential legal liabilities, all which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
cash flows, financial condition or prospects. 

Our
future growth is dependent upon the market s willingness to adopt our hydrogen-powered fuel cell and membrane technology. 

Our
growth is highly dependent upon the adoption by the automotive, aerospace, power and energy industries. If the market for our fuel cells
and membranes does not develop at the rate or to the extent that we expect, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating
results will be harmed. The market for alternative fuel and energy storage systems is still new and is characterized by rapidly changing
technologies, price competition, numerous competitors, evolving government regulation and industry standards and uncertain customer demands
and behaviors. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

Factors
that may influence the adoption of our fuel cell and membrane technology include: 

perceptions
 about safety, design, performance and cost, especially if adverse events or accidents occur
 that are linked to the quality or safety of alternative fuel or electric vehicles; 

improvements
 in the fuel economy of internal combustion engines and battery powered vehicles; 

the
 availability of service for alternative fuel vehicles; 

volatility
 in the cost of energy, oil, gasoline and hydrogen; 

government
 regulations and economic incentives promoting fuel efficiency, alternate forms of energy,
 and regulations banning internal combustion engines; 

the
 availability of tax and other governmental incentives to sell hydrogen; 

volatility
 in the cost of energy, oil, gasoline and hydrogen; 

government
 regulations and economic incentives promoting fuel efficiency, alternate forms of energy,
 and regulations banning internal combustion engines; 

the
 availability of tax and other governmental incentives to sell hydrogen; 

perceptions
 about and the actual cost of alternative fuel; and 

macroeconomic
 factors. 

Future
product recalls could materially adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. 

Any
product recall in the future may result in adverse publicity, damage our brand and materially adversely affect our business, prospects,
operating results and financial condition. In the future, we may voluntarily or involuntarily, initiate a recall if any of our fuel cells
or membranes prove to be defective. Such recalls involve significant expense and diversion of management attention and other resources,
which could adversely affect our brand image in our target markets, as well as our business, prospects, financial condition and results
of operations. 

If
we are unable to attract and retain key employees and hire qualified management, technical and fuel cell and system engineering personnel,
our ability to compete could be harmed. 

Our
success depends, in part, on our ability to retain our key personnel. The unexpected loss of or failure to retain one or more of our
key employees could adversely affect our business. Our success also depends, in part, on our continuing ability to identify, hire, attract,
train and develop other highly qualified personnel. 

Competition
for these employees can be intense, and our ability to hire, attract and retain them depends on our ability to provide competitive compensation.
We may not be able to attract, assimilate, develop or retain qualified personnel in the future, and our failure to do so could adversely
affect our business, including the execution of our global business strategy. Any failure by our management team to perform as expected
may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

Increases
in costs, disruption of supply or shortage of raw materials could harm our business. 

Once
we increase production, we may experience increases in the cost or a sustained interruption in the supply or shortage of raw materials.
Any such increase or supply interruption could materially negatively impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating
results. We use various raw materials including precious group metals such as platinum; carbon black; polymer precursors, reactants,
and solvents; as well as carbon cloth and carbon fiber paper. The prices for these raw materials fluctuate depending on market conditions
and global demand and could adversely affect our business and operating results. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

We
are or may be subject to risks associated with strategic alliances or acquisitions. 

We
have entered into, and may in the future enter into additional, strategic alliances, including joint ventures or minority equity investments
with various third parties to further our business purpose. These alliances could subject us to a number of risks, including risks associated
with sharing proprietary information, non-performance by the third party and increased expenses in establishing new strategic alliances,
any of which may materially and adversely affect our business. We may have limited ability to monitor or control the actions of these
third parties and, to the extent any of these strategic third parties suffers negative publicity or harm to their reputation from events
relating to their business, we may also suffer negative publicity or harm to our reputation by virtue of our association with any such
third party. 

When
appropriate opportunities arise, we may acquire additional assets, products, technologies or businesses that are complementary to our
existing business. In addition to possible stockholder approval, we may need approvals and licenses from relevant government authorities
for the acquisitions and to comply with any applicable laws and regulations, which could result in increased delay and costs, and may
disrupt our business strategy if we fail to do so. Furthermore, acquisitions and the subsequent integration of new assets and businesses
into our own require significant attention from our management and could result in a diversion of resources from our existing business,
which in turn could have an adverse effect on our operations. Acquired assets or businesses may not generate the financial results we
expect. Acquisitions could result in the use of substantial amounts of cash, potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities and
exposure to potential unknown liabilities of the acquired business. Moreover, the costs of identifying and consummating acquisitions
may be significant. 

We
may experience difficulties integrating the operations of acquired companies into our business and in realizing the expected benefits
of these acquisitions. 

We
completed the acquisition of SerEnergy and FES on August 31, 2021. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, any of which could harm
our business and negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. The success of our acquisition of FES and SerEnergy
will depend in part on our ability to realize the anticipated business opportunities from combining their and our operations in an efficient
and effective manner. These integration processes could take longer than anticipated and could result in the loss of key employees, the
disruption of each company s ongoing businesses, tax costs or inefficiencies, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, information
technology systems, procedures and policies, any of which could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers,
employees or other third parties, or our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions, and could harm our financial
performance. If we are unable to successfully or timely integrate the operations of FES and SerEnergy with our business, we may incur
unanticipated liabilities and be unable to realize the revenue growth, synergies and other anticipated benefits resulting from the acquisitions,
or fully offset the costs of the acquisition, and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and
adversely affected. 

We
are subject to substantial regulation and unfavorable changes to, or failure by us to comply with, these regulations could substantially
harm our business and operating results. 

Our
fuel cells and membranes are subject to substantial regulation under international, federal, state, and local laws. We expect to incur
significant costs in complying with these regulations. Regulations related to alternative energy are currently evolving and we face risks
associated with changes to these regulations, including but not limited to: 

increased
 subsidies for corn and ethanol production, which could reduce the operating cost of vehicles
 that use ethanol or a combination of ethanol and gasoline; and 

increased
sensitivity by regulators to the needs of established automobile manufacturers with large employment bases, high fixed costs and business
models based on the internal combustion engine, which could lead them to pass regulations that could reduce the compliance costs of such
established manufacturers or mitigate the effects of government efforts to promote alternative fuel vehicles. Compliance with changing
regulations could be burdensome, time consuming, and expensive. To the extent compliance with new regulations is cost prohibitive, our
business, prospects, financial condition and operating results would be adversely affected. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

We
face risks associated with our international operations, including unfavorable regulatory, political, tax and labor conditions, which
could harm our business. 

We
face risks associated with our international operations, including possible unfavorable regulatory, political, tax and labor conditions,
which could harm our business. We have international operations in Europe and Asia that are subject to the legal, political, regulatory
and social requirements and economic conditions in these jurisdictions. We are subject to a number of risks associated with international
business activities that may increase our costs, impact our ability to sell our fuel cells and membranes and require significant management
attention. These risks include: 

difficulty
 in staffing and managing foreign operations; 

foreign
 government taxes, regulations and permit requirements, including foreign taxes that we may
 not be able to offset against taxes imposed upon us in the U.S., and foreign tax and other
 laws limiting our ability to repatriate funds to the U.S.; 

fluctuations
 in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates; 

increased
 inflation rates and cost of goods; 

U.S.
 and foreign government trade restrictions, tariffs and price or exchange controls; 

foreign
 labor laws, regulations and restrictions; 

changes
 in diplomatic and trade relationships; 

political
 instability, natural disasters, war, or events of terrorism; 

the
 escalation or continuation of armed conflict, hostilities or economic sanctions between countries
 or regions, including the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine; 

the
 strength of international economies and economic relations between countries or regions;
 and 

economic
 uncertainties and potential disruptions include a slow-down in the general economy. 

If
we fail to successfully address these risks, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition could be materially harmed. 

The
unavailability, reduction or elimination of government and economic incentives could have a material adverse effect on our business,
prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

Any
reduction, elimination or discriminatory application of government subsidies and economic incentives because of policy changes, the reduced
need for such subsidies and incentives due to the perceived success of alternative energies or other reasons may result in the diminished
competitiveness of the alternative fuel industry generally. This could materially and adversely affect the growth of the alternative
fuel automotive markets and our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

While
certain tax credits and other incentives for alternative energy production and alternative fuel vehicles have been available in the past,
there is no guarantee these programs will be available in the future. If current tax incentives are not available in the future, our
financial position could be harmed. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

We
may not be able to obtain or agree on acceptable terms and conditions for all or a significant portion of the government grants, loans
and other incentives for which we may apply in the future. As a result, our business and prospects may be adversely affected. 

We
anticipate continuing to apply for federal and state grants, loans and tax incentives under government programs designed to stimulate
the economy and support the production of alternative fuel vehicles and related technologies. We anticipate that in the future there
will be new opportunities for us to apply for grants, loans and other incentives from the U.S., state and foreign governments. Our ability
to obtain funds or incentives from government sources is subject to the availability of funds under applicable government programs and
approval of our applications to participate in such programs. The application process for these funds and other incentives will likely
be highly competitive. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in obtaining any of these additional grants, loans and other incentives.
If we are not successful in obtaining any of these additional incentives and we are unable to find alternative sources of funding to
meet our planned capital needs, our business and prospects could be materially adversely affected. 

We
may need to defend ourselves against patent or trademark infringement claims, which may be time-consuming and cause us to incur substantial
costs. 

Companies,
organizations or individuals, including our competitors, may own or obtain patents, trademarks or other proprietary rights that would
prevent or limit our ability to make, use, develop, license or sell our fuel cell and membrane technologies, which could make it more
difficult for us to operate our business. We may receive inquiries from patent or trademark owners inquiring whether we infringe their
proprietary rights. Companies owning patents or other intellectual property rights relating to fuel cells may allege infringement of
such rights. In response to a determination that we have infringed upon a third party s intellectual property rights, we may be
required to do one or more of the following: 

cease
 development, sales, license or use of fuel cells or membranes that incorporate the asserted
 intellectual property; 

pay
 substantial damages; 

obtain
 a license from the owner of the asserted intellectual property right, which license may not
 be available on reasonable terms or at all; or 

redesign
 one or more aspects or systems of our fuel cells or membranes. 

A
successful claim of infringement against us could materially adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial
condition. Any litigation or claims, whether valid or invalid, could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources. 

We
also plan to license patents and other intellectual property from third parties and we may face claims that our use of this in-licensed
technology infringes the intellectual property rights of others. In such cases, we will seek indemnification from our licensors. However,
our rights to indemnification may be unavailable or insufficient to cover our costs and losses. 

Our
business may be adversely affected if we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights from unauthorized use by third parties. 

Failure
to adequately protect our intellectual property rights could result in our competitors offering similar products, potentially resulting
in the loss of some of our competitive advantage and a decrease in our revenue, which would adversely affect our business, prospects,
financial condition and operating results. Our success depends, at least in part, on our ability to protect our core technology and intellectual
property. To accomplish this, we will rely on a combination of patents, trade secrets (including know-how), employee and third-party
nondisclosure agreements, copyright, trademarks, intellectual property licenses and other contractual rights to establish and protect
our rights in our technology. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

The
protection of our intellectual property rights will be important to our future business opportunities. However, the measures we take
to protect our intellectual property from unauthorized use by others may not be effective for various reasons, including the following: 

any
 patent applications we submit may not result in the issuance of patents; 

the
 scope of our issued patents may not be broad enough to protect our proprietary rights; 

our
 issued patents may be challenged and/or invalidated by our competitors; 

the
 costs associated with enforcing patents, confidentiality and invention agreements or other
 intellectual property rights may make aggressive enforcement impracticable; 

current
 and future competitors may circumvent our patents; and 

our
 in-licensed patents may be invalidated, or the owners of these patents may breach our license
 arrangements. 

Patent,
trademark, and trade secret laws vary significantly throughout the world. Some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property
rights to the same extent as do the laws of the U.S. Further, policing the unauthorized use of our intellectual property in foreign jurisdictions
may be difficult. Therefore, our intellectual property rights may not be as strong or as easily enforced outside of the U.S. 

Our
patent applications may not issue as patents, which may have a material adverse effect on our ability to prevent others from commercially
exploiting products similar to ours. 

We
cannot be certain that we are the first inventor of the subject matter to which we have filed a particular patent application, or if
we are the first party to file such a patent application. If another party has filed a patent application to the same subject matter
as we have, we may not be entitled to the protection sought by the patent application. Further, the scope of protection of issued patent
claims is often difficult to determine. As a result, we cannot be certain that the patent applications that we file will issue, or that
our issued patents will afford protection against competitors with similar technology. In addition, our competitors may design around
our issued patents, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition or operating results. 

Our
management team has limited experience managing a public company. 

Most
members of our management team have limited experience managing a publicly-traded company, interacting with public company investors
and complying with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies. Our management team may not successfully or efficiently
manage our transition to being a public company subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under the federal
securities laws and the scrutiny of securities analysts and investors. These new obligations and constituents will require significant
attention from our management team and could divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of our business, which could
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flows and prospects. 

The
restatement of our financial statements in May 2021 has subjected us to additional risks and uncertainties, including increased
professional costs and the increased possibility of legal proceedings. 

As
a result of the restatement of our financial statements in May 2021, we have become subject to additional risks and uncertainties,
including, among others, increased professional fees and expenses and time commitment that may be required to address matters related
to the restatement, and scrutiny of the SEC and other regulatory bodies which could cause investors to lose confidence in the Company s
reported financial information and could subject us to civil or criminal penalties or shareholder litigation. We could face monetary
judgments, penalties or other sanctions that could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition
and results of operations and could cause its stock price to decline. 

17 

 Table of Contents 

Certain
of our warrants are accounted for as a warrant liability and are recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each
period to be reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 

Following
the restatement in May 2021 of our historical financial statements, we account for certain of our warrants as a warrant liability
and record at fair value. Any changes in fair value each period are reported in earnings as determined by the Company based upon a valuation
report obtained from its independent third party valuation firm. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse
effect on the market price of our common stock. 

Obtaining
the MIL-STD certification for the Honey Badger and advancing it for U.S. army integration is subject to risks and uncertainty. 

Obtaining
the MIL-STD certification for the Honey Badger and advancing it for U.S. army integration is subject to risks and uncertainty, and may
not be completed on the timeline we expect, or at all. 

Cybersecurity
risks and attacks, security incidents, and data breaches could compromise our intellectual property or other proprietary information,
could disrupt our electronic infrastructure, operations and manufacturing, and could impact our competitive position, reputation, results
of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 

We
rely upon our information technology and electronic infrastructure and its capacity, reliability, and security in connection with various
and critical aspects of our business activities. We also rely on our ability to expand and continually update these technologies and
related infrastructure in response to the changing needs of our business and the risks presented. We face challenges related to supporting
our older technologies and implementing necessary upgrades and the hardening of current technologies. In addition, some of these technologies
are managed by third-party service providers and are not under our direct control. If we experience a problem with a critical technology,
including during upgrades or new technology implementations, any resulting disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business operations
and our performance. 

Our
business operations rely upon our electronic infrastructure and that of our third-party vendors, including to handle information and
data such as intellectual property, personal information, protected information, financial information and other confidential and proprietary
information related to our business and our employees, prospects, customers, suppliers and other business partners. While we maintain
certain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards and take preventive and proactive measures to combat known and unknown cybersecurity
risks, our work and processes to build out and mature our electronic infrastructure, controls, policies and safeguards is ongoing. There
is no assurance that our current controls and our ongoing efforts will be sufficient to eliminate security risks. 

Cyberattacks
are increasing in frequency and evolving in nature. We and our third-party providers are at risk of attack through use of increasingly
sophisticated methods, including malware, phishing, ransomware, and the deployment of technologies to find and exploit vulnerabilities.
Like many organizations, we have been targeted by phishing attacks, for example. Our electronic infrastructure, and information technology
systems maintained by our third-party providers, have been in the past, and may be in the future, subjected to attempts to gain unauthorized
access, disable, destroy, maliciously control or cause other business disruptions. In some cases, it is difficult to anticipate or to
detect immediately such incidents and any damage caused. While these types of incidents have not had a material impact on our business
to-date, future incidents involving access to or improper use of our systems, or those of our third-parties, could compromise confidential,
proprietary or otherwise sensitive information. 

In
addition, cyberattacks could negatively impact our reputation and our competitive position and could result in litigation with third
parties, regulatory action, significant remediation costs, and loss of business and customers relationships, any of which could adversely
impact our business, our financial condition, and our operating results. Although we maintain some insurance coverage, we cannot be certain
that coverage would apply to cyber risks, that it may be adequate for liabilities incurred, or that any insurer will not accept or deny
coverage of future claims. 

We
may experience problems with the operation of our electronic infrastructure or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely,
as well as the development and deployment of new electronic infrastructure, that could adversely affect, or even disrupt, all or a portion
of our operations until resolved. In addition, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic a large percentage of our salaried employees continue
to work remotely full or part-time. This remote working environment may pose a heightened risk for security breaches or other disruptions
of our information technology environment. 

18 

 Table of Contents 

Our
global operations are subject to data privacy laws and regulations that impose significant compliance costs and create reputational and
legal risk. 

Due
to the international scope of our operations, we may be subject to a complex system of regulatory requirements regarding data privacy,
such as the European Union General Data Protection Regulation and California s Consumer Privacy Act and its amendments. 

Our
numerous foreign operations are governed by laws, rules and business practices that differ from those of the U.S. We cannot predict now
our future data privacy risks or the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject
or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted. 

A
write-off of all or part of our goodwill or other intangible assets could adversely affect our operating results and net worth. 

Goodwill
and other intangible assets are a component of our assets. As a part of our acquisition of SerEnergy and FES on August 31, 2021,
we recognized 29.4 million in goodwill and 19.8 million in other intangible assets. In the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized
an impairment charge related to goodwill and certain intangible assets of 38.9 million. As of December 31, 2022, goodwill was 5.7
million and other intangible assets were 6.1 million of our total assets of 89.6 million. We may have to write off all or part of our
remaining goodwill or other intangible assets if their value becomes impaired. Although this write-off would be a non-cash charge, it
could reduce our earnings and our financial condition. 

Adverse
developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults, or non-performance
by financial institutions or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect the Company s current and projected business
operations and its financial condition and results of operations. 

Actual
events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional
counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors
about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems.
For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank (SVB) was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation,
which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) as receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate
Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership. Although a statement by the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve and the
FDIC indicated that all depositors of SVB would have access to all of their money after only one business day of closure, including funds
held in uninsured deposit accounts, borrowers under credit agreements, letters of credit and certain other financial instruments with
SVB, Signature Bank or any other financial institution that is placed into receivership by the FDIC may be unable to access undrawn amounts
thereunder. Although we are not a borrower or party to any such instruments with SVB, Signature or any other financial institution currently
in receivership, if any of our lenders or counterparties to any such instruments were to be placed into receivership, we may be unable
to access such funds. In addition, if any of our customers, suppliers or other parties with whom we conduct business are unable to access
funds pursuant to such instruments or lending arrangements with such a financial institution, such parties ability to pay their
obligations to us or to enter into new commercial arrangements requiring additional payments to us could be adversely affected. In this
regard, counterparties to SVB credit agreements and arrangements, and third parties such as beneficiaries of letters of credit (among
others), may experience direct impacts from the closure of SVB and uncertainty remains over liquidity concerns in the broader financial
services industry. Similar impacts have occurred in the past, such as during the 2008-2010 financial crisis. We hold no deposits or securities
with SVB, Signature Bank or Silvergate Capital. 

19 

 Table of Contents 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock and Warrants 

Delaware
law and our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation and second amended and restated bylaws contain certain provisions,
including anti-takeover provisions, that limit the ability of stockholders to take certain actions and could delay or discourage takeover
attempts that stockholders may consider favorable. 

Our
second amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws, and the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ), contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, or preventing an acquisition
deemed undesirable by our board of directors and therefore depress the trading price of our common stock. These provisions could also
make it difficult for stockholders to take certain actions, including electing directors or taking other corporate actions, including
effecting changes in our management. Among other things, our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and
restated bylaws include provisions regarding: 

a
 classified board of directors with three-year staggered terms, which could delay the ability
 of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our board of directors; 

the
 ability of our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock, including blank
 check preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares,
 including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used
 to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; 

the
 limitation of the liability of, and the indemnification of, our directors and officers; 

the
 exclusive right of our board of directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by
 the expansion of our board of directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director,
 which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors; 

the
 requirement that directors may only be removed from our board of directors for cause; 

a
 prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to
 be taken at an annual or special meeting of stockholders and could delay the ability of stockholders
 to force consideration of a stockholder proposal or to take action, including the removal
 of directors; 

the
 requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by our board of directors,
 the chairperson of our board of directors, our chief executive officer or our president (in
 the absence of a chief executive officer), which could delay the ability of stockholders
 to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; 

controlling
 the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of board of directors and stockholder meetings; 

the
 requirement for the affirmative vote of holders of at least 65 of the voting power of all
 of the then outstanding shares of the voting stock, voting together as a single class, to
 amend, alter, change or repeal any provision of the second amended and restated certificate
 of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws, which could preclude stockholders from bringing
 matters before annual or special meetings of stockholders and delay changes in our board
 of directors and also may inhibit the ability of an acquirer to effect such amendments to
 facilitate an unsolicited takeover attempt; 

the
 ability of our board of directors to amend the amended and restated bylaws, which may allow
 our board of directors to take additional actions to prevent an unsolicited takeover and
 inhibit the ability of an acquirer to amend the amended and restated bylaws to facilitate
 an unsolicited takeover attempt; and 

advance
 notice procedures with which stockholders must comply to nominate candidates to our board
 of directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which
 could preclude stockholders from bringing matters before annual or special meetings of stockholders
 and delay changes in our board of directors and also may discourage or deter a potential
 acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate
 of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of surviving entity. 

20 

 Table of Contents 

These
provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in our board of directors or
management. 

In
addition, as a Delaware corporation, we will be subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the DGCL, which
may generally prohibit certain stockholders holding 15 or more of our outstanding capital stock from engaging in certain business combinations
with us for a specified period of time unless certain conditions are met. 

Any
provision of the second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect
of delaying or preventing a change in control could limit the opportunity for stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our
capital stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 

Our
second amended and restated certificate of incorporation designate a state or federal court located within the State of Delaware as the
exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, and also provide that the federal district courts will
be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, each of which could
limit the ability of our stockholders to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 

The
second amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative
forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on its behalf, (2) any action asserting a claim
of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of its directors, officers, or other employees to us or our stockholders, (3) any action arising
pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the second amended and restated certificate of incorporation or
the amended and restated bylaws or (4) any other action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for
the District of Delaware), in all cases subject to the court having jurisdiction over indispensable parties named as defendants. The
second amended and restated certificate of incorporation also provides that the federal district courts of the U.S. will be the exclusive
forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. The exclusive forum provision is applicable
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive
federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the
Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. We note, however, that there is uncertainty
as to whether a court would enforce this provision and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the
rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts
over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Any
person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented
to this provision. This exclusive-forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its
choosing for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors,
officers, and other employees. If a court were to find the exclusive-forum provision be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we
may incur additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, which could harm its results of operations. 

An
active market for our securities may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. 

The
price of our securities may vary significantly due to factors specific to our business as well as to general market or economic conditions.
Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable
to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

NASDAQ
may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities
and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our
securities, including common stocks and warrants, are currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market. However, we cannot assure you that
our securities will continue to be listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market in the future. In order to continue listing our securities on
the Nasdaq Capital Market, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum
amount in stockholders equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders).
Additionally, we are required to demonstrate compliance with other Nasdaq s continued listing requirements in order to continue
to maintain the listing of our securities on the Nasdaq Capital Market. For instance, our stock price would generally be required to
be at least 1 per share. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those continued listing requirements at all times. 

If
Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities
exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material
adverse consequences, including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for its securities; 

reduced
 liquidity for its securities; 

a
 determination that our common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers
 trading in the common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced
 level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

Our
common stock price may change significantly and you could lose all or part of your investment as a result. 

The
trading price of our common stock is likely to be volatile. The stock market recently has experienced extreme volatility. This volatility
often has been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of particular companies. You may not be able to resell your
shares of our common stock at an attractive price due to a number of factors such as those listed in Risk Factors Relating
to Our Operations and Business and the following: 

results
 of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

results
 of operations that vary from our competitors; 

changes
 in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates and
 investment recommendations by securities analysts and investors; 

declines
 in the market prices of stocks generally; 

strategic
 actions by us or our competitors; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, joint ventures, other strategic
 relationships or capital commitments; 

any
 significant change in our management; 

changes
 in general economic or market conditions or trends in our industry or markets; 

changes
 in business or regulatory conditions, including new laws or regulations or new interpretations
 of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business; 

22 

 Table of Contents 

future
 sales of our common stock or other securities; 

investor
 perceptions of the investment opportunity associated with our common stock relative to other
 investment alternatives; 

the
 public s response to press releases or other public announcements by us or third parties,
 including our filings with the SEC; 

litigation
 involving us, our industry, or both, or investigations by regulators into our operations
 or those of our competitors; 

guidance,
 if any, that we provide to the public, any changes in this guidance or our failure to meet
 this guidance; 

the
 development and sustainability of an active trading market for our common stock; 

actions
 by institutional or activist stockholders; 

changes
 in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations or principles; and 

other
 events or factors, including those resulting from pandemics, natural disasters, war, acts
 of terrorism or responses to these events. 

These
broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating
performance. In addition, price volatility may be greater if the public float and trading volume of our common stock is low. 

In
the past, following periods of market volatility, stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation. If we were involved
in securities litigation, it could have a substantial cost and divert resources and the attention of executive management from our business
regardless of the outcome of such litigation. 

Because
there are no current plans to pay cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future, you may not receive any return on investment
unless you sell your common stock at a price greater than what you paid for it. 

We
intend to retain future earnings, if any, for future operations, expansion and debt repayment and there are no current plans to pay any
cash dividends for the foreseeable future. The declaration, amount and payment of any future dividends on shares of common stock will
be at the sole discretion of the board of directors. The board of directors may take into account general and economic conditions, our
financial condition and results of operations, our available cash and current and anticipated cash needs, capital requirements, contractual,
legal, tax and regulatory restrictions, implications of the payment of dividends by us to our stockholders or by its subsidiaries to
it and such other factors as the board of directors may deem relevant. As a result, you may not receive any return on an investment in
our common stock unless you sell your common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 

Our
stockholders may experience dilution in the future. 

The
percentage of shares of our common stock owned by current stockholders may be diluted in the future because of equity issuances for acquisitions,
capital market transactions or otherwise, including, without limitation, equity awards that we may grant to its directors, officers and
employees, or exercise of warrants. Such issuances may have a dilutive effect on our earnings per share, which could adversely affect
the market price of our common stock. 

23 

 Table of Contents 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, if they change their recommendations regarding
our common stock or if our operating results do not meet their expectations, our common stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about
us or our businesses. If no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of us or our business, the trading price for our common
stock could be negatively impacted. In the event securities or industry analysts initiate coverage, if one or more of the analysts who
cover us downgrade our securities or publish unfavorable research about our businesses, or if our operating results do not meet analyst
expectations, the trading price of our common stock would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail
to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which might cause our common stock price and trading
volume to decline. 

Future
sales, or the perception of future sales, by us or our stockholders in the public market could cause the market price for our common
stock to decline. 

The
sale of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could harm the prevailing market
price of shares of our common stock. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for
us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that it deems appropriate. 

The
shares of Advent s common stock reserved for future issuance under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan will become eligible for sale
in the public market once those shares are issued, subject to any applicable vesting requirements, lockup agreements and other restrictions
imposed by law. A total of 6,915,892 shares of common stock have been reserved for future issuance under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan.
We are expected to file one or more registration statements on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register shares of our common stock
or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of our common stock issued pursuant to the Equity Incentive Plan. Any such
Form S-8 registration statements will automatically become effective upon filing. Accordingly, shares registered under such registration
statements will be available for sale in the open market. The initial registration statement on Form S-8 is expected to cover shares
of our common stock. 

In
the future, we may also issue our securities in connection with investments or acquisitions. The amount of shares of our common stock
issued in connection with an investment or acquisition could constitute a material portion of the then-outstanding shares of our common
stock. Any issuance of additional securities in connection with investments or acquisitions may result in additional dilution to our
stockholders. 

As
a public company, we are subject to additional laws, regulations and stock exchange listing standards, which impose additional costs
on us and may strain our resources and divert our management s attention. 

Advent
previously operated on a private basis and following the Business Combination it became a wholly-owned subsidiary of a public company
that is subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act of 2010, the listing requirements of Nasdaq and other applicable securities laws and regulations. Compliance with these
laws and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or
costly, which may strain our resources or divert management s attention. 

We
are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure
requirements available to emerging growth companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more
difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We
are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. We may continue to
take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any
golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may
deem important. We cannot predict whether investors will find securities issued by us less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions.
If some investors find those securities less attractive as a result of its reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities
may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our
securities may be more volatile. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial
accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective
or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended
transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private
companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised
standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company that is neither an emerging growth company
nor an emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential
differences in accountant standards used. 

We
may redeem unexpired public warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous for warrant holders. 

We
will have the ability to redeem outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration,
at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of our common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per
share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within
a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. If
and when the public warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right when the registration statement to which this
Annual Report forms a part comes into effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such warrants. Redemption of the outstanding
public warrants could force you to: (1) exercise your warrants and pay the related exercise price at a time when it may be disadvantageous
for you to do so; (2) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants; or (3)
accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding public warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially
less than the market value of your warrants. None of the placement warrants or working capital warrants will be redeemable by us for
cash so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

Changes
in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could
significantly affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Accounting
principles and related pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations we apply to a wide range of matters that are relevant
to our business, including, but not limited to, revenue recognition, leases and stock-based compensation, are complex and involve subjective
assumptions, estimates and judgments by our management. Changes in accounting pronouncements or their interpretation or changes in underlying
assumptions, estimates or judgments by our management could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance. 

The
exercise of Warrants for our common stock would increase the number of shares eligible for future resale in the public market and result
in dilution to our stockholders. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 26,369,557 shares of our common stock outstanding. To the extent
remaining Warrants are exercised, additional shares of common stock will be issued, which will result in dilution to the then-existing
holders of common stock and increase the number of shares eligible for resale in the public market. Sales of substantial numbers of such
shares in the public market or the fact that such Warrants may be exercised could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

The
valuation of our Warrants could increase the volatility in our net income (loss) in our consolidated statements of earnings (loss). 

The
change in fair value of our Warrants is the result of changes in stock price and Warrants outstanding at each reporting period. The Change
in Fair Value of Warrant Liabilities represents the mark-to-market fair value adjustments to the outstanding Warrants issued in connection
with the initial public offering of ACMI and the concurrent private placement. Significant changes in our stock price or number of Warrants
outstanding may adversely affect our net income (loss) in our consolidated statements of earnings (loss). 

25 

 Table of Contents 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. 
 Properties. 

We
lease approximately 3,400 square feet of offices located in Patras, Greece. The leases are set to expire on December 31, 2028. Through
the Fischer Acquisition, we have leased from Fischer the space, comprising approximately 10,750 square feet, in which FES operates and
acquired property containing approximately 8,600 square feet of SerEnergy office, production and laboratory facilities located in Aalborg,
Denmark. We also assumed a lease from Fischer in Aalborg, Denmark for approximately 7,000 square meters containing meeting rooms and
a warehouse used by SerEnergy, and office, workshop, and warehouse spaces in two locations in Paranaque City, Philippines totaling approximately
12,700 square feet. Through our wholly owned subsidiary, FES, we entered into a lease agreement with fischer group SE Co. KG
in Achern for approximately 1,017 square feet of office space, workspace and outdoor laboratory at 77855 Achern, Im Gewerbegebiet 7 for
use by FES. We entered into a lease for 21,401 square feet as a product development and manufacturing center at Hood Park in Charlestown,
MA. The lease has a term of eight years and five months, with an option to extend for five years and the contractual lease commencement
date was in October 2022. We entered into a lease dated February 5, 2021 for approximately 6,000 square feet of office space
at 200 Clarendon Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02116 as the Company s executive offices. The term of the lease is five years (unless
sooner terminated as provided in the lease agreement). On January 9, 2023, the Company entered into a sublease agreement for the
office space at 200 Clarendon Street. The term of the sublease is three years. 

Item 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings. 

We
are from time to time subject to various claims, lawsuits and other legal and administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course
of business. Some of these claims, lawsuits and other proceedings may involve highly complex issues that are subject to substantial uncertainties,
and could result in damages, fines, penalties, non-monetary sanctions or relief. However, we do not consider any such claims, lawsuits
or proceedings that are currently pending, individually or in the aggregate, to be material to our business or likely to result in a
material adverse effect on our future operating results, financial condition or cash flows. 

Item 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

PART
II 

Item 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Certain
Information Regarding the Trading of Our Common Stock 

Our
common stock and public warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols ADN and ADNW ,
respectively. 

Holders
of Our Common Stock 

As
of March 31, 2023, there were approximately 31 holders of record of shares of our common stock and 2 holders of record of our warrants.
Such numbers do not include DTC participants or beneficial owners holding shares through nominee names. 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid any dividends on our common stock. We do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends on our capital
stock in the foreseeable future. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any,
capital requirements and general financial condition. The payment of any cash dividends will be within the discretion of the board of
directors at such time. 

Securities
authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans 

See
Part III, Item 12 for information regarding securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans. 

Recent
sales of unregistered securities 

None. 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 

Item 7. 
 Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Some
of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including
information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.
As a result of many factors, including those factors set forth in the Item 1A. Risk Factors section of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, our actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking
statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 

This
MD A generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. See Note 1 Basis of Presentation 
in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information. 

Overview 

Advent
is an advanced materials and technology development company operating in the fuel cell and hydrogen technology space. Advent develops,
manufactures and assembles the critical components that determine the performance of hydrogen fuel cells and other energy systems. Advent s
core product offerings are full fuel cell systems and the Membrane Electrode Assembly (MEA) at the center of the fuel cell. The Advent
MEA, which derives its key benefits from the properties of Advent s engineered membrane technology, enables a more robust, longer-lasting
and ultimately lower-cost fuel cell product. 

27 

 Table of Contents 

To
date, Advent s principal operations have been to develop and manufacture MEAs, and to design fuel cell stacks and complete fuel
cell systems for a range of customers in the stationary power, portable power, automotive, aviation, energy storage and sensor markets.
Advent has its headquarters, research and development, and manufacturing facility in Boston, Massachusetts, a product development facility
in Livermore, California, and production facilities in Greece, Denmark, and Germany and sales and warehousing facilities in the Philippines. 

The
majority of Advent s current revenue derives from the sale and servicing of fuel cell systems and MEAs, as well as the sale of
membranes and electrodes for specific applications in the iron flow battery and cellphone markets, respectively. While fuel cell systems
and MEA sales and associated revenues are expected to provide the majority of Advent s future income, both of these markets remain
commercially viable and have the potential to generate material future revenues based on Advent s existing customers. Advent has
also secured grant funding for a range of projects from research agencies and other organizations. Advent expects to continue to be eligible
for grant funding based on its product development activities over the foreseeable future. 

Business
Combination and Public Company Costs 

On
October 12, 2020, Advent Technologies, Inc. Legacy Advent entered into the Merger Agreement with AMCI Acquisition
Corp. AMCI ), a Delaware corporation, AMCI Merger Sub Corp., a newly-formed Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary
of AMCI Merger Sub ), AMCI Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Sponsor ), solely in the capacity
as the representative from and after the effective time of the Business Combination for the stockholders of AMCI, and Vassilios Gregoriou,
in the capacity as Seller Representative (the Seller Representative ), pursuant to which, effective February 4, 2021
(the Closing ), Merger Sub merged with and into Legacy Advent., with Legacy Advent surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned
subsidiary of AMCI and AMCI changed its name to Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc. . Advent Technologies, Inc. is deemed
the accounting predecessor and the combined entity is the successor registrant with the SEC, meaning that Advent Technologies, Inc. s
financial statements for previous periods are and will be disclosed in the company s current and future periodic reports filed
with the SEC. 

While
the legal acquirer in the Merger Agreement is AMCI, for financial accounting and reporting purposes under GAAP, we have determined that
Advent Technologies is the accounting acquirer and the Business Combination will be accounted for as a reverse recapitalization. 
A reverse recapitalization does not result in a new basis of accounting, and the financial statements of the combined entity represent
the continuation of the financial statements of Advent Technologies in many respects. Under this method of accounting, AMCI is treated
as the acquired entity whereby Legacy Advent is deemed to have issued common stock for the net assets and equity of AMCI, consisting
mainly of cash, accompanied by a simultaneous equity recapitalization of AMCI. 

Upon
consummation of the Business Combination, the most significant change in Legacy Advent s reported financial position and results
was an increase in cash of approximately 141.1 million. Total direct and incremental transaction costs of AMCI and Legacy Advent, along
with liabilities of AMCI paid off at the Closing, were approximately 23.6 million. 

As
a consequence of the Business Combination, Legacy Advent became the successor to an SEC-registered and Nasdaq-listed company which has
required and will require Advent to hire additional personnel and implement procedures and processes to address public company regulatory
requirements and customary practices. Advent expects to incur additional annual expenses as a public company for, among other things,
directors and officers liability insurance, director fees and additional internal and external accounting, legal and administrative
resources, including increased audit and legal fees. 

Additionally,
Advent anticipates that its revenue, capital and operating expenditures will increase significantly in connection with its ongoing activities
following the Business Combination, as Advent expects to: 

Expand
 U.S.-based operations to increase capacity for product testing, development projects and
 associated research and development activities; 

Expand
 production facilities to increase and automate assembly and production of fuel cell systems
 and MEAs; 

28 

 Table of Contents 

Develop
 improved MEA and other products for both existing and new markets, such as ultra-light MEAs
 designed for aviation applications, to remain at the forefront of the fast-developing hydrogen
 economy; 

Increase
 business development and marketing activities; 

Increase
 headcount in management and head office functions in order to appropriately manage Advent s
 increased operations; 

Improve
 its operational, financial and management information systems; 

Obtain,
 maintain, expand, and protect its intellectual property portfolio; and 

Operate
 as a public company. 

Business
Developments 

Share
Purchase Agreement 

On
August 31, 2021, pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement ), dated as of June 25, 2021,
by and between the Company and F.E.R. fischer Edelstahlrohre GmbH, a limited liability company incorporated under the Laws of Germany
(the Seller ), the Company acquired (the Acquisition all of the issued and outstanding equity interests in
SerEnergy A/S, a Danish stock corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Seller SerEnergy and fischer eco solutions
GmbH, a German limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Seller FES ), together with certain outstanding
shareholder loan receivables. As consideration for the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, the Company paid to the Seller
 15.0 million in cash and on August 31, 2021, the Company issued to the Seller 5,124,846 shares of common stock. 

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, the Company acquired SerEnergy and FES, the fuel cell systems business of fischer Group. SerEnergy is a leading
manufacturer of methanol-powered high-temperature polymer electrolyte membrane HT-PEM fuel cells and operates facilities
in Aalborg, Denmark and in Manila, Philippines. FES provides fuel-cell stack assembly and testing as well as the production of critical
fuel cell components of the SerEnergy HT-PEM fuel cells, including membrane electrode assemblies, bipolar plates and reformers. FES operates
a facility on fischer Group s campus in Achern, Germany, and Advent agreed to lease that respective portion of the facility at
the closing of the Acquisition. 

Green
HiPo Project approved by EU 

On
June 16, 2022, Advent announced the receipt of a notification from the Greek State informing the Company that the IPCEI Green HiPo
was submitted for ratification by the EU for funding of 782.1 million, spread over six years. On July 15, 2022, Advent received
official ratification from the European Commission of the EU. The Green HiPo project is designed to bring the development, design, and
manufacture of HT-PEM fuel cells and electrolysers for the production of power and green hydrogen to the Western Macedonia region of
Greece. 

New
Hood Park Research and Development R D and Production Facility 

In
March 2023, Advent announced that it had opened
its new R D and manufacturing facility at Hood Park in Boston, Massachusetts. Located at the heart of one of Boston s newest
innovation and R D communities, the state-of-the-art Hood Park facility will enable Advent to scale-up and deliver on the increasing
global demand for electrochemical components in the clean energy sector by including state-of-the-art coating machines to support the
seamless transition from prototypes to production runs for advanced membranes and electrodes; a fully analytical facility dedicated to
quality control, performance analysis, and improving product lifetime; fuel cell test stations for statistical process control and development
of next-generation MEA materials, and, a mechanical engineering lab for developing automated processes for MEAs. One of the products
to be manufactured at Hood Park is the ion-pair Advent MEA which is currently being developed within the framework of L Innovator,
the Company s joint development program with the U.S. Department of Energy. Advent intends that its proprietary fuel cell products
such as Serene and Honey Badger 50 will use the ion-pair Advent MEAs beginning in 2024. 

29 

 Table of Contents 

Collaboration
with the Department of Energy 

The
efforts with the constellation of Department of Energy National Laboratories (Los Alamos National Laboratory, LANL; Brookhaven National
Laboratory, BNL; National Renewable Energy Laboratory, NREL) continue to gain momentum. This group of leading scientists and engineers
is working closely with Advent s development and manufacturing teams and are furthering the understanding of breakthrough materials
that will advance HT-PEM fuel cells. This next generation HT-PEM appears to be well suited for heavy duty transportation, marine, and
aeronautical applications, as well as delivering benefits in cost and lifetime for stationary power systems used in telecom and other
remote power markets. 

Agreements
with Hyundai Motor Company Hyundai 

On
April 6, 2022, Advent announced the signing of a technology assessment, sales, and development agreement with Hyundai, a leading
multinational automotive manufacturer offering a range of world-class vehicles and mobility services in over 200 countries. Advent and
Hyundai aim to deliver green energy solutions to current high carbon applications, using fuel cell technology. Under the agreement, Hyundai
will provide catalysts to Advent for evaluation in its proprietary MEAs, while Advent intends to support Hyundai in fulfilling its fuel
cell project needs, through: 

Developing
 inks and structures using Hyundai catalysts, which will then be evaluated by Hyundai. Following
 evaluation, Hyundai will determine whether their own or standard catalysts will be used for
 this project. 

Supplying
 MEAs throughout the development/commercialization cycle Advent MEAs for testing,
 evaluation, and optimization under conditions set by Hyundai. 

Assisting
 Hyundai with the use and specifications of MEAs as well as their implementation into Hyundai s
 designs. 

On
March 23, 2023, Hyundai announced a successful technology assessment with Advent and following its success, Advent and Hyundai have
entered into a Joint Development Agreement JDA ). Under the agreement, Hyundai and Advent will work together to further
develop HMC-Advent Ion Pair MEA, establish commercial criteria for MEA supply, and evaluate Advent s advanced fuel cell
technology for Hyundai s heavy-duty and/or stationary application. Additionally, the parties will introduce advanced cooling technologies
for mobility HT-PEM fuel cell stacks. Advent will work closely as Hyundai evaluates these stack cooling technologies and ensure optimal
performance under different operating conditions. 

This
partnership builds upon a commitment from both companies to develop sustainable energy solutions for carbon-intensive applications. Hyundai
aims to accelerate the establishment of a hydrogen-based society based on its vision, Progress for Humanity, and this JDA aligns with
that vision. The synergy generated by combining the two companies advanced technology in this JDA is expected to revolutionize
the global MEA market by providing significant improvement in lifetime and an increase in power density versus current HT-PEM MEAs. 

Technology
Assessment Agreement for Automotive 

On
May 9, 2022, Advent announced the signing of a second technology assessment agreement with another large global automotive manufacturer.
With a common goal of sustainability and the faster decarbonization of the U.S. automotive industry, Advent is supporting efforts to
advance innovative fuel cell technology as a sustainable and efficient option for achieving carbon neutrality. More specifically, Advent
will provide assistance, through: 

Supplying
 MEAs for testing, evaluation, and optimization under the collaborator s conditions. 

Providing
 support on MEA operational parameters while the collaborator supplies feedback to Advent
 on performance and durability. 

Sharing
 technical know-how for fuel cell stacks, proprietary HT-PEM technology, and leveraging HT-PEM
 for advanced cooling systems. 

30 

 Table of Contents 

One
of the primary objectives will be to conduct a detailed assessment of Advent s proprietary HT-PEM technology and newly launched
MEAs for consideration of future opportunities. Contingent upon the successful execution of the first phase of the project, the companies
will work to establish a Joint Development Agreement governing specific product requirements, goals, milestones, and plans. 

Collaboration
with Alpha Laval 

On
January 10, 2023, Advent announced that it will collaborate with Alfa Laval, a global provider of heat transfer, separation, and
fluid handling products, on a project to explore applications of Advent s methanol-powered HT-PEM fuel cells in the marine industry. 

Funded
by the Danish Energy Technology Development and Demonstration Program EUDP ), the project is a joint effort between Advent,
Alfa Laval and a group of Danish shipowners. The project will focus on testing Advent s methanol-powered HT-PEM fuel cells as a
source of marine auxiliary power. During the course of the project, the fuel cell system will undergo a risk assessment by a leading
international classification society. 

At
the same time, the project aims to integrate the next generation of Advent s fuel cells. These fuel cells will be based on Advent s
next-generation membrane electrode assembly, which is currently being developed within the framework of L Innovator, the Company s
joint development program with the U.S. Department of Energy s Los Alamos National Laboratory, Brookhaven National Laboratory,
and the National Renewable Energy Laboratory. Aiming to meet the ever-growing power requirements of the maritime industry, Advent s
next-generation fuel cells are expected to demonstrate a significant increase in lifetime, efficiency, and electrical output. 

Advent
and Hydrogen Systems, Inc. Hydrogen Systems signed a Memorandum of Understanding MoU 

On
September 15, 2022, we announced the signing of an MoU with Hydrogen Systems, a hydrogen energy solutions company based in Riyadh,
Saudi Arabia, to provide integrated hydrogen solutions and value-added support to industrial and renewable energy markets in the Middle
East. Under the MoU, Hydrogen Systems aims to utilize a vast number of its existing relationships in the telecom and hydrogen energy
marketplace in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and elsewhere throughout the Middle East to market, sell, distribute, install, and service
Advent s full line of HT-PEM fuel cells and hydrogen production products. Simultaneously, Advent and Hydrogen Systems intend to
collaborate and explore potential large-scale development opportunities for hydrogen fuel cell power applications across the region. 

Advent
and BASF New Business GmbH BASF signed an MoU 

On
December 13, 2021, it was announced that the MoU aims to develop and increase the manufacturing scale of advanced fuel cell membranes
designed for long-term operations under extreme conditions. BASF intends to improve the long-term stability of its Celtec membrane
and to increase production capacity with advanced technical capabilities to enable further improved and competitive Advent fuel cell
systems and MEAs. Under the agreement the two companies will explore the implementation of high-volume manufacturing for the Celtec 
membranes, utilize Advent s fuel cell stack and system testing facilities to assess and qualify the new Celtec membrane for
the SereneU (telecom power), M-ZER (methane emissions reduction), and Honey Badger (portable power, defense) Advent product families.
Furthermore, BASF supports the realization of large-scale Important Projects of Common European Interests IPCEIs ), including
Green HiPo, through materials for power generation, hydrogen generation, and power storage. In addition, BASF will also evaluate the
producibility of the ion-pair membrane developed in collaboration by Advent and the U.S. Department of Energy. Advent has substantial
experience in the development of high-temperature PEM fuel cell systems namely for stationary and portable applications as well as critical
components such as MEAs and Gas Diffusion Electrodes GDEs ). Advent is working to increase the performance and scope of
its products to satisfy the requirements of its customers and to address new applications. BASF has substantial experience in the manufacturing
and development of proton-conducting membranes, GDEs, HT-PEM MEAs and the pertinent chemicals, catalysts, and compositions for their
application in hydrogen separation and fuel cells. BASF is constantly improving the quality, robustness and performance of its products
to support growth in fuel cell systems applications. 

31 

 Table of Contents 

Selection
of Wearable Fuel Cell for the DOD 2021 Validation Program 

On
March 31, 2021, we announced that Advent s 50 W Reformed Methanol Wearable Fuel Cell Power System Honey Badger had been selected by the U.S. Department of Defense s DOD National Defense Center for Energy and Environment NDCEE to take part in its demonstration/validation program for 2021. The NDCEE is a DOD program that addresses high-priority environmental,
safety, occupational health, and energy technological challenges that are demonstrated and validated at active installations for military
application. Advent s Honey Badger 50 HB50 fuel cell is the only fuel cell that is part of this program
that supports the U.S. Army s goal of having a technology-enabled force by 2028. 

Launch
of the Honey Badger 50 Fuel Cell System 

On
August 4, 2022, we announced the launch of our HB50 power system, a compact portable fuel cell system and quiet power supply for
use in off-grid field applications such as military and rescue operations. The launch of Advent s portable power system coincided
with the Company s fulfilment of its first shipment order from the U.S. Department of Defense. The HB50 power system can be fueled
by biodegradable methanol, allowing near silent generation of up to 50W of continuous power with clean emissions. Designed for covert
operations, HB50 can easily power radio and satellite communications gear, remote fixed and mobile surveillance systems, and laptop computers
along with more general battery charging needs. HB50 is a unique technology that can provide 65 of weight savings versus batteries over
a typical 72-hour mission. The weight savings benefit increases further for longer missions. 

HB50 s
unique design allows it to be used in soldier-worn configurations or operated inside a portable backpack or vehicle while charging batteries
and powering soldier systems, while its thermal features allow it to operate within an ambient temperature range of -20 C to +55 C.
Aside from its optimized compatibility with Integrated Visual Augmentation System IVAS ), HB50 can also power devices such
as high frequency radios like the model 117G, as well as B-GAN and StarLink terminals. HB50 s durability allows it to be easily
deployed in challenging conditions and climates while supporting mission mobility for three to seven days without the need to re-supply. 

Since
Honey Badger s fuel cell technology can run on hydrogen or liquid fuels, the system can operate at a fraction of the weight of
traditional military-grade batteries to meet the U.S. Department of Defense s continuously evolving needs for on-the-go 
electronics needs. As military adoption and use of IVAS equipment continues to evolve, the highly portable lightweight power solutions
like Honey Badger and HB50 will become a mission critical necessity. 

UltraCell
Purchase Agreement 

On
February 18, 2021, Advent Technologies, Inc., entered into the UltraCell Purchase Agreement with Bren-Tronics and UltraCell, a Delaware
limited liability company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Bren-Tronics. Pursuant to the UltraCell Purchase Agreement, and subject
to the terms and conditions therein, on February 18, 2021, Advent acquired 100 of the issued and outstanding membership interests
in UltraCell, for 4.0 million and a maximum of 6.0 million upon achievement of certain milestones. Advent also assumed the terms of
Bren-Tronics lease for property used in UltraCell s operations in Livermore, California. 

Comparability
of Financial Information 

Advent s
results of operations and statements of assets and liabilities may not be comparable between periods as a result of the Business Combination. 

Key
Factors Affecting Our Results 

Advent
believes that its performance and future success depend on several factors that present significant opportunities for Advent but also
pose risks and challenges, including those discussed below. 

32 

 Table of Contents 

Increased
Customer Demand 

Based
on conversations with existing customers and incoming inquiries from new customers, Advent anticipates substantial increased demand for
its fuel cell systems and MEAs from a wide range of customers as it scales up its production facilities and testing capabilities, and
as the awareness of its MEA capabilities becomes widely known in the industry. Advent expects both its existing customers to increase
order volume, and to generate substantial new orders from major organizations, with some of whom it is already in discussions regarding
prospective commercial partnerships and joint development agreements. As of December 31, 2022, Advent was still generating a low
level of revenues compared to its future projections and has not made any commercial sales to these major organizations. 

Successful
development of the Advanced MEA product 

Advent s
future success depends in large part on the increasing integration of the hydrogen fuel cell into the energy transition globally over
the next decade. In order to become cost-competitive with existing renewable power generation and energy storage technology and achieve
widespread adoption, fuel cells will need to achieve substantial improvement in the cost/kw performance ratio delivered to prospective
fuel cell customers, predominantly OEMs, System Integrators and major energy companies. Advent expects to play an important enabling
role in the adoption of hydrogen fuel cells, as its MEA technology is the critical determining factor in the cost/kw performance ratio
of the fuel cells. In partnership with the Los Alamos National Laboratory, Advent is currently developing its next generation MEA technology Advanced MEA which is anticipated to deliver as much as three times the power output of its current MEA product. While
Advent is already projecting being able to pass through cost benefits to its customers through economies of scale as it increases MEA
production, the successful development of the Advanced MEA will be an important factor in delivering the required improvement in cost/kw
performance to Advent s customers. 

Basis
of Presentation 

Advent s
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The Company has determined that it operates in one
reportable segment. See Note 1 Basis of Presentation in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for more information. 

Components
of Results of Operations 

Revenue 

Revenues
consist of sales of goods (MEAs, membranes, fuel cell stacks, fuel cell systems and electrodes) and servicing of those systems, as well
as engineering fees. Advent expects revenues to increase materially and be weighted towards fuel cell systems and MEA sales over time. 

Cost
of Revenues 

Cost
of revenues consists of consumables, raw materials, processing costs and direct labor costs associated with the assembly, manufacturing,
and servicing of MEAs, membranes, fuel cell stacks and systems and electrodes. Advent expects cost of revenues to increase substantially
in line with increased production. Advent recognizes cost of revenues in the period that revenues are recognized. 

Income
from Grants 

Income
from grants consists of cash subsidies received from research agencies and other national and international organizations in support
of Advent s research and development activities. Advent expects to continue to be eligible for grant income and remains in discussion
with a number of prospective grantors in relation to a number of product development activities. 

33 

 Table of Contents 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Research
and development expenses consist of costs associated with Advent s research and development activities, such as laboratory costs
and sample material costs. Advent expects its research and development activities to increase substantially as it invests in improved
technology and products. 

Administrative
and Selling Expenses 

Administrative
and selling expenses consist of travel expenses, indirect labor costs, fees paid to consultants, third parties and service providers,
taxes and duties, legal and audit fees, depreciation, business development salaries and limited marketing activities, and incentive and
stock-based compensation expense. Advent expects administrative and selling expenses to increase in line with production and revenue
as the business scales up, and as a result of operating as a public company, including compliance with the rules and regulations of the
SEC, legal, audit, additional insurance expenses, investor relations activities and other administrative and professional services. Depreciation
is also expected to increase as the Company invests in fixed assets in support of the scale-up of the business. 

Other
Income / (Expenses), net 

Other
income / (expenses) consist of additional de minimis incidental income / (expenses) incurred by the business. These income / (expenses)
are expected to remain at a de minimis level in the future. 

Change
in Fair Value of Warrant Liability 

Change
in fair value of warrant liability amounting to 9.4 million and 22.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
represents the change in fair value of the Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants for the year ended December 31,
2022 and for the period February 4, 2021 to December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Finance
income / (expenses), net 

Finance
income / (expenses) consist mainly of bank and interest charges. 

Foreign
Exchange Gains / (Losses), net 

Foreign
exchange gains / (losses) consists of foreign exchange gains or losses on transactions denominated in foreign currencies and on translation
of monetary items denominated in foreign currencies. As the Company scales up, its foreign exchange exposure is likely to increase given
its revenues are denominated in both euros and dollars, and a portion of the Company s costs are denominated in euros and Danish
krone. 

Amortization
of intangibles 

The
intangible assets of 4.7 million recognized on the acquisition of UltraCell is the Trade Name UltraCell 0.4 million)
and the Patented Technology 4.3 million). The Trade Name has an indefinite useful life while the Patented Technology has a useful life
of 10 years. Amortization expense of 0.4 million and 0.4 million has been recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
from the acquisition date of UltraCell to December 31, 2021, respectively. 

The
intangible assets of 19.8 million recognized on the acquisition of SerEnergy and FES are the Patents amounting to 16.9 million, the
Process know-how (IPR D) amounting to 2.6 million and the Order backlog amounting to 0.3 million. The Patents have a useful life
of 10 years, the Process know-how has a useful life of 6 years and the Order backlog has a useful life of 1 year. Amortization expense
of 2.3 million has been recognized in relation to these intangibles for the year ended December 31, 2022. Amortization expense
of 0.8 million has been recognized for the period from the acquisition date of SerEnergy and FES to December 31, 2021, respectively. 

34 

 Table of Contents 

Income
taxes 

Income
tax benefits amounting to 2.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, mainly relate to the reversal of the deferred tax liability
of the intangible assets recognized upon the acquisition of SerEnergy and FES. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Advent recognized
impairment losses related to those intangible assets. Income tax benefits amounting to 0.9 million for the year ended December 31,
2021, mainly relates to current income tax benefit of our subsidiary SerEnergy and deferred income tax benefit on tax losses of our subsidiary
FES and on intangible assets recognized upon the acquisition of SerEnergy and FES. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and
the changes between periods. 

Years Ended December 31, 

(Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 2022 
 2021 
 change 
 change 
 
 Revenue, net 
 7,837 
 7,069 
 768 
 10.9 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 (8,581 
 (5,406 
 (3,175 
 58.7 
 
 Gross profit / (loss) 
 (744 
 1,663 
 (2,407 
 (144.7 
 
 Income from grants 
 1,460 
 829 
 631 
 76.1 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 (9,796 
 (3,541 
 (6,255 
 176.6 
 
 Administrative and selling expenses 
 (35,915 
 (41,877 
 5,962 
 (14.2 
 
 Amortization of intangibles 
 (2,764 
 (1,185 
 (1,579 
 133.2 
 
 Credit loss customer contracts 
 (1,116 
 - 
 (1,116 
 N/A 
 
 Gain from purchase price adjustment 
 2,370 
 - 
 2,370 
 N/A 
 
 Impairment loss - intangible assets and goodwill 
 (38,922 
 - 
 (38,922 
 N/A 
 
 Operating loss 
 (85,427 
 (44,111 
 (41,316 
 93.7 
 
 Fair value change of warrant liability 
 9,375 
 22,743 
 (13,368 
 (58.8 
 
 Finance income / (expenses), net 
 52 
 (51 
 103 
 (202.0 
 
 Foreign exchange gains / (losses), net 
 (91 
 (43 
 (48 
 111.6 
 
 Other income / (expenses), net 
 (216 
 16 
 (232 
 (1,450.0 
 
 Loss before income tax 
 (76,307 
 (21,446 
 (54,861 
 255.8 
 
 Income tax 
 1,970 
 923 
 1,047 
 N/A 
 
 Net loss 
 (74,337 
 (20,523 
 (53,814 
 262.2 
 
 Net loss per share 

Basic loss per share 
 (1.44 
 (0.45 
 (0.99 
 N/A 
 
 Basic weighted average number of shares 
 51,528,703 
 45,814,868 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Diluted loss per share 
 (1.44 
 (0.45 
 (0.99 
 N/A 
 
 Diluted weighted average number of shares 
 51,528,703 
 45,814,868 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Revenue 

Our
total revenue from product sales increased by approximately 0.8 million or 10.9 from approximately 7.1 million in the year ended December 31,
2021 to approximately 7.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in revenue was primarily related to a full
year of SerEnergy s and FES s operations in 2022 compared to a partial year post-acquisition in 2021. 

Cost
of Revenues 

Cost
of revenues increased by approximately 3.2 million from approximately 5.4 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately
 8.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in cost of revenues was directly related to the increased revenues
and the requirement for increased production of MEAs and fuel cell systems to satisfy customer demand, as well as, cost of revenues attributed
to UltraCell s, SerEnergy s and FES s operations for a full year in 2022 compared to a partial year post-acquisition
in 2021. 

35 

 Table of Contents 

Gross
profit (loss), which is revenue, net minus the cost of revenue, decreased to (0.7) million in the year ended December 31, 2022
from 1.7 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Research
and development expenses were approximately 9.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily related to internal research
and development costs, including a full year of operations for SerEnergy and FES, as well as the Company s cooperative research
and development agreement with the U.S. Department of Energy. Research and development expenses were approximately 3.5 million in the
year ended December 31, 2021, primarily related to the Company s cooperative research and development agreement with the U.S.
Department of Energy, as well as the research and development costs of SerEnergy and FES in the four-month period from September 1,
2021 to December 31, 2021. 

Administrative
and Selling Expenses 

Administrative
and selling expenses were approximately 35.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, and 41.9 million in the year ended December 31,
2021. The decrease was primarily due to one-time transaction costs following the Business Combination amounting to 5.9 million in the
year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease in incentive compensation, and a non-recurring executive severance charge of 2.4 million
in the year ended December 31, 2021. This was partially offset by an increase in expenses related to SerEnergy s and FES s
operations for a full year in 2022 compared to a partial year post-acquisition in 2021 and an increase in stock-based compensation expenses
of 2.7 million. 

Amortization
of Intangibles 

Amortization
of intangible assets was approximately 2.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, which was an increase of 1.6 million compared
to the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to the full year of amortization of intangible assets acquired
from the SerEnergy and FES acquisition in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Credit
Loss Customer Contracts 

We
recognized a credit loss on customer contracts during the year ended December 31, 2022. Refer to Contract Assets and Contract
Liabilities disclosure for further details. 

Gain from Purchase Price Adjustment 

We recognized a gain from a purchase price adjustment related to our acquisition of SerEnergy and FES. See
Note 3 in the audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information about
the purchase price adjustment. 

Impairment
Losses Intangible Assets and Goodwill 

We
recognized impairment losses on intangible assets and goodwill related to the SerEnergy and FES acquisition. Refer to Critical Accounting
Policies and Estimates disclosure for further details. 

Change
in fair value of Warrant Liability 

The
change in fair value of warrant liability amounting to 9.4 million and 22.7 million was due to the change in fair value of the Private
Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period February 4, 2021 to
December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the changes
between periods. 

36 

 Table of Contents 

Years Ended December 31, 

(Amounts in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 change 
 change 
 
 Net Cash used in Operating Activities 
 (32,125 
 (35,837 
 3,712 
 (10.4 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 
 0 
 7 
 (7 
 N/A 
 
 Purchases of property and equipment 
 (11,527 
 (3,920 
 (7,607 
 194.1 
 
 Purchases of intangible assets 
 (117 
 (18 
 (99 
 550.0 
 
 Advances for the acquisition of property and equipment 
 (2,557 
 (2,200 
 (357 
 16.2 
 
 Acquisition of a subsidiary, net of cash acquired 
 - 
 (19,425 
 19,425 
 N/A 
 
 Acquisition of available for sale financial assets 
 (316 
 - 
 (316 
 N/A 
 
 Net Cash used in Investing Activities 
 (14,517 
 (25,556 
 11,039 
 (43.2 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Business Combination and PIPE financing, net of issuance costs paid 
 - 
 141,121 
 (141,121 
 N/A 
 
 Proceeds of issuance of common stock and paid-in capital from warrants exercise 
 - 
 262 
 (262 
 N/A 
 
 State loan proceeds 
 - 
 118 
 (118 
 N/A 
 
 State refundable deposit repayment 
 (40 
 - 
 (40 
 N/A 
 
 Net Cash (used in) provided by Financing Activities 
 (40 
 141,501 
 (141,541 
 (100.0 

Net (decrease) / increase in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents 
 (46,682 
 80,108 
 (126,791 
 (158.3 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents 
 537 
 (860 
 1,398 
 (162.6 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents at the beginning of year 
 79,764 
 516 
 79,248 
 15,358.1 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents at the end of year 
 33,619 
 79,764 
 (46,145 
 (57.9 

Cash
flows used in Operating Activities 

Advent s
cash flows from operating activities reflect the income statement position adjusted for working capital movements in current assets and
liabilities. As Advent grows, it expects that operating cash flows will be affected by increased working capital needs to support growth
in personnel-related expenditures and fluctuations in accounts receivable, inventory, accounts payable and other current assets and liabilities. 

Net
cash used in operating activities was approximately (32.1) million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which related to outflows
in connection with administrative and selling expenses, an increase in inventory, research and development expenses, and costs associated
with insurances services and other personnel costs. These outflows were partially offset by 8.0 million of expense reimbursements by
the landlord related to the build-out of our new R D and product development facility at Hood Park in Boston, MA. 

Net
cash used in operating activities was approximately (35.8) million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which related to outflows
in connection with one-time transaction costs, administrative and selling expenses, research and development expenses, and costs associated
with insurances services and other consulting services. 

Cash
Flows used in Investing Activities 

Advent s
cash flows used in investing activities was approximately (14.5) million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which mostly related
to the acquisition of plant and equipment, including approximately 10.5 million for the Hood Park facility. 

37 

 Table of Contents 

Advent s
cash flows used in investing activities were approximately (25.6) million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which related to
the acquisition of fixed assets and the amounts paid for the acquisition of UltraCell LLC on February 18, 2021 and the acquisition
of SerEnergy and FES on August 31, 2021, net of cash acquired. 

Advent
expects to invest in fixed assets, plant and equipment in the future as it executes its product development programs. 

Cash
Flows from Financing Activities 

Advent s
cash flows provided by financing activities were approximately 141.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which related
to the cash amount contributed at the date of the Merger (February 4, 2021) and proceeds from issuance of common stock and additional
paid-in capital from warrants exercise. 

Contract
Assets and Contract Liabilities 

Contract
assets reflect revenue recognized and performance obligations satisfied in advance of customer billing. As of December 31, 2022,
and 2021, Advent recognized contract assets of 0.1 million and 1.6 million, respectively on the consolidated balance sheets. During
the year December 31, 2022, Advent recognized a credit loss of 0.9 million related to the likelihood of realizing of a contract
asset. The balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 includes an amount of 0 and 0.6 million, respectively, from the SerEnergy
and FES acquisition. 

Advent
recognizes contract liabilities when we receive customer payments or has the unconditional right to receive consideration in advance
of the performance obligations being satisfied on our contracts. We receive payments from customers based on the terms established in
our contracts. Contract liabilities are classified as either current or long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets based
on the timing of when we expect to recognize the related revenue. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, Advent recognized contract
liabilities of 1.0 million and 1.1 million, respectively, in the consolidated balance sheets. During the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, the Company recognized 0.1 million and 0.2 million in revenues. The balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounting
to 0.8 million and 1.1 million, respectively, was from the SerEnergy and FES acquisition. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Commitments and Arrangements 

Since
the date of our incorporation, Advent has not engaged in any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in the rules and regulations
of the SEC. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Advent s
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires
Advent to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities as of the balance sheet date, as well as the reported expenses incurred during the reporting period. Management
bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions believed to be reasonable, the results of which form the
basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from those estimates, and
such differences could be material to Advent s financial statements. 

Emerging
Growth Company Status 

Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) are required to comply with the
new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period
and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. Advent
elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different
application dates for public or private companies, Advent, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the
time private companies adopt the new or revised standard, until such time Advent is no longer considered to be an emerging growth company.
At times, Advent may elect to early adopt a new or revised standard. See Note 2 in the audited consolidated financial statements included
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information about the recent accounting pronouncements adopted and the recent
accounting pronouncements not yet adopted for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

38 

 Table of Contents 

In
addition, Advent relies on the other exemptions and reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions
set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, Advent intends to rely on such exemptions, Advent is not required to, among
other things: (a) provide an auditor s attestation report on Advent s system of internal control over financial reporting
pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; (b) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging
growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; (c) comply with any requirement that may
be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s
report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis); and (d) disclose
certain executive compensation-related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of
the Chief Executive Officer s compensation to median employee compensation. 

Advent
will remain an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act until the earliest of (a) the last day of Advent s first fiscal year
following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities pursuant to an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (b) the last date of Advent s fiscal year in which Advent has total annual gross
revenue of at least 1.235 billion, (c) the date on which Advent is deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules
of the SEC with at least 700.0 million of outstanding securities held by non-affiliates or (d) the date on which Advent has issued more
than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the previous three years. 

While
Advent s significant accounting policies are described in the notes to Advent s financial statements (see Note 2 in the consolidated
financial statements), Advent believes that the following accounting policies require a greater degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly,
these are the policies Advent believes are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating Advent s financial condition
and results of operations. 

Revenue
Recognition from January 1, 2019 

In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), as amended, which requires an entity
to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. We
adopted ASU No. 2014-09 on January 1, 2019, using the modified retrospective approach to all contracts not completed at the date
of initial application. 

In
accordance with ASC 606, revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services are transferred to a customer in an amount
that reflects the consideration that the Company expects to receive in exchange for those services. We apply the following five steps
in order to determine the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as it fulfills its obligations under each of its arrangements: 

identify
 the contract with a customer, 

identify
 the performance obligations in the contract, 

determine
 the transaction price, 

allocate
 the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract, and 

recognize
 revenue as the performance obligation is satisfied. 

With
significant and recurring customers, we negotiate written master agreements as framework agreements (general terms and conditions of
trading), following individual purchase orders. For customers with no master agreements, the approved purchase orders form the contract.
Effectively, contracts under the revenue standard have been assessed to be the purchase orders agreed with customers. 

We
have assessed that each product sold is a single performance obligation because the promised goods are distinct on their own and within
the context of the contract. In cases where the agreement includes customization services for the contracted products, we are providing
integrated services; therefore, the goods are not separately identifiable, but are inputs to produce and deliver a combined output and
form a single performance obligation within the context of the contract. Furthermore, we assessed whether it acts as a principal or agent
in each of its revenue arrangements and has concluded that in all sales transactions it acts as a principal. Additionally, we, taking
into consideration the guidance and indicative factors provided by ASC 606, concluded that it provides assurance type warranties (warranty
period is up to two years) as it does not provide a service to the customer beyond fixing defects that existed at the time of sale. We,
based on historical performance, current circumstances, and projections of trends, estimated that no allowance for returns as per warranty
policy should be recognized, at the time of sale, accounted for under ASC 460, Guarantees. 

39 

 Table of Contents 

Under
ASC 606, we estimate the transaction price, including variable consideration, at the commencement of the contract and recognize revenue
over the contract term, rather than when fees become fixed or determinable. In other words, where contracts with customers include variable
consideration (i.e. volume rebates), we estimate at contract inception the variable consideration and adjust the transaction price only
to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the
uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. Furthermore, no material rights or significant financing
components have been identified in our contracts. Payment terms generally include advance payment requirements. The time between a customer s
payment and completion of the performance obligation is less than one year. Payment terms are in the majority fixed and do not include
variable consideration, except from volume rebates. 

Revenue
from satisfaction of performance obligations is recognized based on identified transaction price. The transaction price reflects the
amount to which we have rights under the present contract. It is allocated to the distinct performance obligations based on standalone
selling prices of the services promised in the contract. In cases of more than one performance obligation, we allocate transaction price
to the distinct performance obligations in proportion to their observable stand-alone selling prices and recognize revenue as those performance
obligations are satisfied. 

In
the majority of cases of product sales, revenue is recognized at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the respective
goods that is, when the products are shipped from our facilities as control passes to the customer in accordance with agreed contracts
and the stated shipping terms. In cases where the contract includes customization services, in which one performance obligation is identified,
revenue is recognized over time as our performance does not create an asset with alternative use and we have an enforceable right to
payment for performance completed to date. We use the input method (i.e., cost-to-cost method) to measure progress towards complete satisfaction
of the performance obligation. 

Income
from grants and related deferred income 

Grants
include cash subsidies received from various institutions and organizations. Grants are recognized as other income. Such amounts are
recognized in the consolidated statements of operations when all conditions attached to the grants are fulfilled. 

Condition
to the grants would not be fulfilled unless related costs have been characterized as eligible by the grantors, are actually incurred
and there is certainty that costs are allowable. These grants are recognized as deferred income when received and recorded in income
when the eligible and allowable related costs and expenses are incurred. Under all grant programs, a coordinator is specified. The coordinator,
among other, receives the funding from the grantor and proceeds to its distribution to the parties agreed in the process specified in
the program. We assessed whether it acts as a principal or agent in its role as a coordinator for specific grants and has concluded that
in all related transactions it acts as an agent. 

Goodwill 

The
Company allocates the fair value of purchase consideration transferred in a business acquisition to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities
assumed, and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration
transferred over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Such valuations require management
to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. Significant estimates in valuing certain
intangible assets include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows from acquired licenses, trade names, in process research
and development R D ), useful lives and discount rates, patents, customer clientele, customer contracts and know-how.
Management s estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and
unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. During the measurement period, the Company may record adjustments
to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period,
any subsequent adjustments are recorded in the consolidated statement of operations. 

For
significant acquisitions, the Company obtains independent appraisals and valuations of the intangible (and certain tangible) assets acquired
and certain assumed obligations as well as equity. The Company analyzes each acquisition individually and all acquisitions within each
reporting period in aggregate to determine if those are material acquisitions in the context of ASC 805-10-50. 

40 

 Table of Contents 

The
estimated fair values and useful lives of identified intangible assets are based on many factors, including estimates and assumptions
of future operating performance and cash flows of the acquired business, estimates of cost avoidance, the nature of the business acquired,
the specific characteristics of the identified intangible assets and our historical experience and that of the acquired business. The
estimates and assumptions used to determine the fair values and useful lives of identified intangible assets could change due to numerous
factors, including product demand, market conditions, regulations affecting the business model of our operations, technological developments,
economic conditions and competition. 

We
conduct a goodwill impairment analysis annually in the fourth fiscal quarter, or more frequently, if changes in facts and circumstances
indicate that the fair value of our reporting units may be less than their carrying amounts. In testing goodwill for impairment, the
Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that
it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If, after assessing the totality
of events or circumstances, the Company determines it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than
its carrying amount, then additional impairment testing is not required. When the Company determines a fair value test is necessary,
it estimates the fair value of a reporting unit and compares the result with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the carrying
amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment is recorded equal to the amount by which the carrying value exceeds
the fair value, up to the amount of goodwill associated with the reporting unit. Currently, we identify three reporting units. 

As
a part of the annual impairment assessment, the Company determined that a triggering event for two of our reporting units, UltraCell
and SerEnergy / FES, had occurred which would require testing goodwill and long-lived assets, including definite-lived intangibles, for
impairment. 

The
Company considered the triggering events related to current and expected future economic and market conditions and their impact on the
Company, as well as the current revenue forecasts. Given certain market factors, the Company determined that these triggering events
had occurred and would require a quantitative analysis to be performed. 

As
a part of the impairment assessment, the Company reviewed significant fair value input assumptions including revenues, margin, and capital
expenditures to reflect current market conditions. Other changes in valuation assumptions included increases in interest rates and market
volatility, resulting in higher discount rates. 

UltraCell
Reporting Unit 

In
the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company updated the forecasted future cash flows of UltraCell used in the fair value measurement of the
intangible assets and goodwill using a combination of market, cost and income approach methods. The royalty rate used for the valuation
of the Trade Name was 1.3 , which was determined from the market using databases from completed transactions at a global level while
the discount rate increased to 15.0 from 12.6 at the time of the acquisition of UltraCell. The Company determined that the current
fair value of the Trade Name was greater than the current carrying value and therefore did not recognize any impairment during the period.
The Patented Technology was valued with the multi period excess earnings method, which is an income approach. The discount rate used
for the valuation of the Patented Technology increased to 14.0 from 11.6 at the time of acquisition of UltraCell. The Company determined
that the undiscounted cash flows related to the Patented Technology was greater than the current carrying value and therefore did not
recognize any impairment during the period. The Company believes that its updated long-term forecasted cash flows did not indicate that
the fair value of this reporting unit may be below its current carrying value. 

SerEnergy
and FES Reporting Unit 

In
the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company updated the forecasted future cash flows of SerEnergy and FES used in the fair value measurement
of the intangible assets and goodwill using a combination of market, cost and income approach methods. The Company acquired finite-lived
intangible assets, including patents, process know-how, and order backlog as a result of the SerEnergy and FES acquisition. The fair
value of patents was determined by applying the multi-period excess earnings method which is an income approach. The discount rate used
for the valuation of patents increased to 14.4 from 7.2 at the time of SerEnergy and FES acquisition. The Company determined that the
current discounted cash flows related to the patents was 5.3) million which is below the current carrying value. As a result, the Company
recorded an impairment charge of 14.6 million related to the patents. The Company determined the undiscounted cash flows attributable
to the IPR D was greater than the current carrying value. As a result, the Company believes that the updated long-term forecast did
not indicate impairment related to IPR D. As of the December 31, 2022, intangible assets related to order backlogs did not have
a remaining carrying value. The Company determined that the fair value of the reporting unit was 15.5 million utilizing the updated
forecast which is less than its current carrying value. As a result, the Company recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 24.3 million. 

41 

 Table of Contents 

In
the event there are further adverse changes in the Company s projected cash flows and/or further changes in key assumptions, including
but not limited to an increase in the discount rate, lower market multiples, lower revenue growth, lower margin, and/or a lower terminal
growth rate, the Company may be required to record non-cash impairment charges to its goodwill, other intangibles, and/or long-lived
assets. Such non-cash charges could have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated statement of operations and balance
sheet in the reporting period of the charge. The assessment is sensitive to broader market conditions, including the discount rate and
market multiples, and to the Company s estimated future cash flows. 

Income
Taxes 

Advent
follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under ASC 740, Income Taxes. Under the asset and liability method,
deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between
the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. This method also requires
the recognition of future tax benefits, such as net operating loss carry forwards, to the extent that it is more likely than not that
such benefits will be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and
liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are
established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Valuation allowances are reassessed
periodically to determine whether it is more likely than not that the tax benefits will be realized in the future and if any existing
valuation allowance should be released. 

Part
of the Advent s business activities are conducted through its subsidiaries outside of U.S. Earnings from these subsidiaries are
generally indefinitely reinvested in the local businesses. Further, local laws and regulations may also restrict certain subsidiaries
from paying dividends to their parents. Consequently, Advent generally does not accrue income taxes for the repatriation of such earnings
in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes. To the extent that there are excess accumulated earnings that we intend to repatriate
from any such subsidiaries, we recognize deferred tax liabilities on such foreign earnings. 

Advent
assesses its income tax positions and records tax benefits for all years subject to examination based on the evaluation of the facts,
circumstances, and information available at each reporting date. For those tax positions with a greater than 50 percent likelihood of
being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information, Advent records a
tax benefit. For those income tax positions that are not likely to be sustained, no tax benefit is recognized in the consolidated financial
statements. Advent recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as part of the provision for income taxes. 

ASC
740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions
taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be
sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. For those income tax positions that are not likely to be sustained, no tax benefit
is recognized in the consolidated financial statements. Advent recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as
part of the provision for income taxes. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net income tax benefits of 2.0 million and 0.9 million, respectively, have been recorded
in the consolidated statements of operations. Advent is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant
accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in
significant accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities. 

The
Company and its U.S. subsidiaries may be subject to potential examination by U.S. federal, state and city, while the Company s
subsidiaries outside U.S. may be subject to potential examination by their taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential
examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance
with the U.S. federal, state and city, and tax laws in the countries where business activities of Company s subsidiaries are conducted.
On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 was signed into legislation. As part of the legislation, the U.S. corporate
income tax rate was reduced from 35 to 21 , among other changes. 

42 

 Table of Contents 

Bond
Loan 

On
May 25, 2022, Advent SA and UNI.FUND entered into an agreement to finance Cyrus with a Bond Loan of 1.0 million. As a part
of this transaction, Advent SA offered 0.3 million in bond loans with an annual interest rate of 8.00 . The term of the loan is
three years and there is a surcharge of 2.5 for overdue interest. 

Mandatory
conversion of the Bond Loan will occur in the event of qualified financing which is equivalent to a share capital increase by Cyrus in
the first three years from the execution of the Bond Loan agreement with a total amount over 3 million which is covered by third
parties unrelated to the basic shareholders or by investors related to them. 

The
Company classifies the Bond Loan as an available for sale financial asset on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company recognizes
interest income within the consolidated statement of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized 13
thousand of interest income related to the Bond Loan within the consolidated statements of operations. 

The
Bond Loan is remeasured to its fair value at each reporting period and upon settlement. The estimated fair value of the Bond Loan is
determined using Level 3 inputs by using a discounted cash flow model. The change in fair value is recognized within the consolidated
statements of comprehensive loss. The Company did not recognize any unrealized gain / (loss) from the agreement date of May 25,
2022 through December 31, 2022. 

Warrant
Liability 

The
Company accounts for the 26,369,557 warrants (comprising of 22,029,279 Public Warrants and 3,940,278 Private Placement Warrants) issued
in connection with the initial public offering and the 400,000 Working Capital Warrants issued at the consummation of the Business Combination
in accordance with ASC 815-40-15-7D. If the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment, they must be recorded as liabilities.
We have determined that only the Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants must be recorded as liabilities and accordingly,
the Company classifies these warrant instruments as liabilities at their fair value and adjusts the instruments to fair value at each
reporting period. These liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair
value is recognized in the Company s statement of operations. The fair value of the Private Placement Warrants and the Working
Capital Warrants has been determined using either the quoted price, if available, or was based on a modified Black-Scholes-Merton model.
The fair value of the Private Placement Warrants and the Working Capital Warrants has been determined based on a modified Black-Scholes-Merton
model for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

From
time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the FASB or other standard setting bodies that are adopted by Advent as of
the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed, Advent believes that the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet
effective will not have a material impact on Advent s financial position or results of operations under adoption. 

See
Note 2 in the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information about
recent accounting pronouncements, the timing of their adoption and Advent s assessment, to the extent Advent has made one, of their
potential impact on Advent s financial condition and results of operations. 

Supplemental
Non-GAAP Measures and Reconciliations 

In
addition to providing measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, we present certain supplemental non-GAAP measures. These measures are
EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Net Income / (Loss), which we use to evaluate our operating performance, for business planning purposes
and to measure our performance relative to that of our peers. These non-GAAP measures do not have any standardized meaning prescribed
by GAAP and therefore may differ from similar measures presented by other companies and may not be comparable to other similarly titled
measures. We believe these measures are useful in evaluating the operating performance of the Company s ongoing business. These
measures should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for net income, operating expense and income, cash flows and other
measures of financial performance and liquidity reported in accordance with GAAP. The calculation of these non-GAAP measures has been
made on a consistent basis for all periods presented. 

43 

 Table of Contents 

EBITDA
and Adjusted EBITDA 

These
supplemental non-GAAP measures are provided to assist readers in determining our operating performance. We believe this measure is useful
in assessing performance and highlighting trends on an overall basis. We also believe EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are frequently used
by securities analysts and investors when comparing our results with those of other companies. EBITDA differs from the most comparable
GAAP measure, net income / (loss), primarily because it does not include interest, income taxes, depreciation of property, plant and
equipment, and amortization of intangible assets. Adjusted EBITDA adjusts EBITDA for items such as one-time transaction costs, asset
impairment charges, fair value changes in the warrant liability. 

The
following tables show a reconciliation of net loss to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
 Three
 months ended 
 December 31, (Unaudited) 
 Years Ended December 31, 
 
 (in Millions of US dollars) 
 2022 
 2021 
 change 
 2022 
 2021 
 change 
 
 Net loss 
 (47.63 
 (9.00 
 (38.63 
 (74.34 
 (20.52 
 (53.82 
 
 Depreciation of property and equipment 
 0.36 
 0.38 
 (0.02 
 1.49 
 0.56 
 0.93 
 
 Amortization of intangibles 
 0.65 
 0.71 
 (0.06 
 2.76 
 1.18 
 1.58 
 
 Finance income / (expenses), net 
 (0.06 
 0.02 
 (0.08 
 (0.05 
 0.05 
 (0.10 
 
 Other income / (expenses), net 
 0.00 
 0.06 
 (0.06 
 0.22 
 (0.02 
 0.24 
 
 Foreign exchange differences, net 
 0.04 
 0.04 
 - 
 0.09 
 0.04 
 0.05 
 
 Income taxes 
 (0.31 
 (0.87 
 0.56 
 (1.97 
 (0.92 
 (1.05 
 
 EBITDA 
 (46.95 
 (8.66 
 (38.29 
 (71.80 
 (19.63 
 (52.17 
 
 Net change in warrant liability 
 (2.13 
 (6.91 
 4.78 
 (9.38 
 (22.74 
 13.36 
 
 Gain from purchase price adjustment 
 (2.37 
 - 
 (2.37 
 (2.37 
 - 
 (2.37 
 
 Impairment loss intangible assets and goodwill 
 38.92 
 - 
 38.92 
 38.92 
 - 
 38.92 
 
 One-Time Transaction Related Expenses (1) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 5.87 
 (5.87 
 
 One-Time Transaction Related Expenses (2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 0.89 
 (0.89 
 
 Executive severance (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2.44 
 (2.44 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 (12.53 
 (15.57 
 3.04 
 (44.63 
 (33.17 
 (11.46 

(1) Bonus
awarded after consummation of the Business Combination effective February 4, 2021. 

(2) Transaction
costs related to the acquisition of SerEnergy/FES. 

(3) Former
Financial Officer resignation. 

Adjusted
Net Income/(Loss) 

This
supplemental non-GAAP measure is provided to assist readers in determining our financial performance. We believe this measure is useful
in assessing our actual performance by adjusting our results from continuing operations for changes in warrant liability and one-time
transaction costs. Adjusted Net Loss differs from the most comparable GAAP measure, net loss, primarily because it does not include one-time
transaction costs, asset impairment charges and warrant liability changes. The following table shows a reconciliation of net income/(loss)
for three months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

44 

 Table of Contents 

Adjusted Net Loss 
 Three months ended 
 December 31, 
 (Unaudited) 
 Years Ended December 31, 
 
 (in Millions of US dollars) 
 2022 
 2021 
 change 
 2022 
 2021 
 change 
 
 Net loss 
 (47.63 
 (9.00 
 (38.63 
 (74.34 
 (20.52 
 (53.82 
 
 Net change in warrant liability 
 (2.13 
 (6.91 
 4.78 
 (9.38 
 (22.74 
 13.36 
 
 Gain from purchase price adjustment 
 (2.37 
 - 
 (2.37 
 (2.37 
 - 
 (2.37 
 
 Impairment loss intangible assets and goodwill 
 38.92 
 - 
 38.92 
 38.92 
 - 
 38.92 
 
 One-Time Transaction Related Expenses (1) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 5.87 
 (5.87 
 
 One-Time Transaction Related Expenses (2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 0.89 
 (0.89 
 
 Executive severance (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2.44 
 (2.44 
 
 Adjusted Net Loss 
 (13.21 
 (15.91 
 2.70 
 (47.17 
 (34.06 
 (13.11 

(1) Bonus
awarded after consummation of the Business Combination effective February 4, 2021. 

(2) Transaction
costs related to the acquisition of SerEnergy/FES. 

(3) Former
Financial Officer resignation. 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Advent
is exposed to a variety of market and other risks, including the effects of changes in interest rates and inflation, as well as risks
to the availability of funding sources, hazard events and specific asset risks. 

Interest
Rate Risk 

Advent
holds cash and cash equivalents for working capital, investment and general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2022, Advent
had an unrestricted cash balance of approximately 32.9 million, consisting of operating and savings accounts which are not affected
by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates. Advent is not expected to be materially exposed to interest rate risk in the
future as it intends to take on limited debt finance. 

Inflation
Risk 

Advent
does not believe that inflation currently has a material effect on its business. To mitigate cost increases caused by inflation, Advent
has taken steps such as searching for alternative supplies at a lower cost and pre-buying materials and supplies at a more advantageous
price in advance of its intended use. 

Foreign
Exchange Risk 

Advent
has costs and revenues denominated in Euros, Danish krone and Philippine pesos, and therefore is exposed to fluctuations in exchange
rates. To date, Advent has not entered into any hedging transactions to mitigate the effect of foreign exchange due to the relatively
low exposure. As we increase in scale, we expect to continue to realize a portion of our revenues and costs in foreign currencies, and
therefore expect to put in place appropriate foreign exchange risk mitigation features in due course. 

Item 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data. 

This
information required by this item may be found on pages F-1 through F-51 of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Item 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

45 

 Table of Contents 

Item 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures. 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the
end of the period covered by this report. 

Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management,
including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria
established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). 

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions recorded necessary to permit the preparation of financial statements in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our policies and procedures also provide reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial
statements. 

Management
conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established
in COSO. This evaluation included review of the documentation, evaluation of the design effectiveness and testing of the operating effectiveness
of controls. 

Based
on management s assessment, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective
and provides reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded and that the financial records are reliable for preparing financial statements
as of December 31, 2022. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act, that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. 
 Other
 Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

None. 

46 

 Table of Contents 

PART
III 

Item 10. 
 Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Executive
Officers and Board of Directors 

Our
business and affairs are managed by or under the direction of our Board. The table below lists the persons who currently serve as executive
officers and directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Vassilios
 Gregoriou 
 
 58 
 
 Chairman,
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Kevin
 Brackman 
 
 50 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Christos
 Kaskavelis 
 
 54 
 
 Chief
 Marketing Officer 
 
 Emory
 De Castro 
 
 65 
 
 Chief
 Technology Officer and Director 
 
 James
 F. Coffey 
 
 60 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer and General Counsel 
 
 Panoraia
 Nora Gourdoupi 
 
 44 
 
 Director 
 
 Anggelos
 Skutaris 
 
 58 
 
 Director 
 
 Lawrence
 Epstein 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 Wayne
 Threatt 
 
 68 
 
 Director 
 
 Von
 McConnell 
 
 63 
 
 Director 

The
following is a brief biography of each executive officer and director: 

Vassilios
Gregoriou has been Chairman and CEO of Advent since inception. Dr. Gregoriou cofounded Advent Technologies Inc. in 2012. In addition,
Dr. Gregoriou is an internationally known scientist with research and/or managerial positions in both the U.S. (Northeastern, MIT, Polaroid,
Princeton) and Greece (NHRF, FORTH) over his 30-year career so far in the technology sector. His research activity extends over a wide
area of subjects in the renewable energy space that include the areas of flexible photovoltaics based on organic semiconductors, optically
active materials based on conjugated oligomers and polymer nanocomposites. His published work as co-author includes three books and more
than 100 scientific papers. He is also co-inventor of 15 patents. Dr. Gregoriou has more than 25 years of experience in the U.S. market.
He has extensive experience in the technical development of new products and in the management of such activities. He holds a Ph.D. in
Physical Chemistry from Duke University and he has attended the MBA program at Northeastern University. He was also a NRSA award recipient
at Princeton University. He also served as President of Society for Applied Spectroscopy(SAS) in 2001. Dr. Gregoriou is well-qualified
to serve on the board of directors due to his extensive scientific, managerial and industry experience. 

Kevin
Brackman has been Chief Financial Officer of Advent since July 2021. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Brackman served
as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Myers Industries, a publicly traded corporation with internationally located
manufacturing and sales operations in the polymer production sector. Before his promotion to Chief Financial Officer in 2018, he
served as Myers Industries Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller. Prior to joining Myers Industries in 2015, Mr.
Brackman was Director of Financial Planning and Analysis, Financial Reporting and Technical Accounting at Ingersoll-Rand and
previously excelled in a variety of positions at Chiquita Brands International, including Assistant Corporate Controller and
Controller - North American operations. Mr. Brackman received his bachelor s degree in Accounting and Finance from Miami
University. 

Christos
Kaskavelis joined Advent as Chief Marketing Officer in 2019. From 2015 to 2016 he served as Managing Director of Mamaya IKE,
a Greek publishing and media consulting company. From 2016 to 2018, he was a research scholar at the MIT Media Lab in Boston, Massachusetts.
He has been a seed investor in the Company, an angel investor, and has served on its board of directors. He is a serial entrepreneur
in the tech industry and primarily digital marketing, with successful exits in both Nasdaq and London Stock Exchanges. He has designed
and been responsible for enterprise software systems designed for Pratt Whitney, Analog Devices, General Electric and Lucent Technologies
in the areas of Just-In-Time (JIT) manufacturing, Supply Chain Management and Production Scheduling. He holds a Ph.D. in Supply Chain
Management as well as an M.Sc. in Manufacturing Engineering from Boston University, a B.Sc. in Electrical Engineering and a B.A. in Business
Economics from Brown University. 

47 

 Table of Contents 

Emory
De Castro has been Advent s Chief Technology Officer since 2013. Dr. De Castro is responsible for the overall technical,
manufacturing and business development operations for Advent. Prior to joining Advent, Dr. De Castro was a Vice President, Business Management
and the site manager for BASF Fuel Cell Inc. in Somerset NJ. At BASF Dr. De Castro led marketing and sales, business development, quality
control, and R D direction all cumulating in nearly a four-fold increase in revenues. As the Executive Vice President at the E-TEK
Division, De Nora North America he managed operations, created a global brand, and expanded the organization s fuel cell component
business in Asia and Europe. Dr. De Castro has over 20 patent applications spanning fuel cell materials and catalysts, electrochemical
technology, sensors, and a beer bottle cap that extends shelf life. He is the recipient of the 2013 Department of Energy Award for Manufacturing
R D in lowering the cost of gas diffusion electrodes and the 2005 ECS New Technology Award to E-TEK Division, for introducing and
commercializing a new electrolysis technology. Emory De Castro received his Ph.D. from the Department of Chemistry at the University
of Cincinnati and a B.S. in Chemistry from Duke University. Dr. De Castro is well-qualified to serve on our board of directors due to
his extensive scientific and technological experience. 

James
F. Coffey has served as General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Advent since March 2020. Beginning in 2018, while a partner
at a national Am Law 100 law firm, Jim served as Advent s outside legal counsel. Mr. Coffey has over thirty years of experience
in corporate and securities law, mergers and acquisitions, venture capital and corporate finance, and intellectual property law. He has
extensive international experience having closed transactions in both North and South America, Europe, and China. Throughout the course
of his career, Jim has developed strong relationships and strategic contacts within the clean energy and technology sectors and specific
experience in the fuel cell industry. From 2013 to 2017, he served as general counsel to another HT PEM fuel cell company that was a
customer of Advent. Mr. Coffey was a Gerald L. Wallace Scholar at New York University School of Law where he received an LL.M. in Corporate
Law. He received his J.D. from the New England School of Law, and his B.A., cum laude, from Providence College. Mr. Coffey is listed
in The Best Lawyers in America for Mergers and Acquisitions. He is recognized for his work in intellectual property law by the IAM
Patent 1000. Mr. Coffey was named a Massachusetts Super Lawyer by Law and Politics magazine. He is AV rated by Martindale-Hubbell.
Mr. Coffey is a fellow of the Boston Bar Foundation and the American Bar Foundation. 

Nora
Gourdoupi was appointed as a director in July 2022 and, since February 2022, has served as SVP, Corporate Business
Development of the Company s Greek branch overseeing daily operations while being also engaged in product development, government
projects and technical sales. Dr. Gourdoupi joined Advent in 2006, became a Senior Scientist in 2012 and is co-inventor in 18 patents.
Being part of a fast-growing Small Medium Enterprise from its foundation, she has been involved in several key business processes including
materials R D as well as project management. Dr. Gourdoupi holds a BSc in Chemistry and a PhD from the University of Patras specializing
in the synthesis and characterization of polymers for fuel cell applications. Dr. Gourdoupi is well-qualified to serve on our board of
directors due to her extensive scientific and technological experience. 

Anggelos
Skutaris has been a director of Advent since February 2021. Mr. Skutaris has a BSc in Economics from Arizona State University
and an MBA from the Thunderbird School of Global Management. He has more than 30 years of international experience in banking, finance,
management, treasury and investments. In February 2023, Mr. Skutaris became Chief Investment Officer for Al Khor Holding, a Family
Office managing investments for the Al Mesnad family of Qatar. Prior to that, since November 2019, he was a member of the Incorporation
Committee and Chief Investment Officer for Power Bank, a Qatar-based financial institution with a mission to provide Islamic financing
to the global energy sector. Between August 2017 and November 2019, he served as the Chief Investment Officer for Janus Continental
Group. Other key positions he held in the past include: Head of Treasury Operations Transformation (Qatar Airways), Managing Partner
(New Symbol Global Advisors), Chief Executive Officer (Piraeus Capital Management), Founder CEO (OliveTree Management Associates),
Group Treasurer (Titan Cement), Head of Equity Financing (Calyon Securities) and Director of Equity Financing (Credit Suisse). Whilst
at Titan cement, Mr. Skutaris was instrumental in issuing the largest corporate syndicated facility in Greece, a 5-year, 800 million
transaction. Mr. Skutaris is well-qualified to serve on the board of directors due to his extensive business development and financial
experience. 

48 

 Table of Contents 

Lawrence
Epstein has been a director of Advent since April 2022. Mr. Epstein has over two decades of experience in commercial real
estate transactions, driving over one billion dollars in transactional value since 2016. Since October 2021, he has been a Senior
Managing Director for Savills. Savills is an international leader in promoting sustainability in building operations and design, offering
expertise to its worldwide real estate clients in sustainable design, energy infrastructure, strategic advisory, impact assessment, and
reporting, offsets and environmental land management and general operational sustainability support. The company was founded in the UK
in 1855 and is one of the world s leading brokerage firms. Savills experience and expertise spans the globe, with offices
across Europe, the Americas, Asia Pacific, Africa, and the Middle East. Mr. Epstein focuses exclusively on representing tenants in both
the U.S. and international markets. Previously, from May 2016 to September 2021, he was a principal at Avison Young, a commercial
real estate company. He is a graduate of Bates College, where he received a BA in History. Mr. Epstein is a member of the Commercial
Brokers Association. He formerly served on the Direct Federal Credit Union Board and the Greater Boston Real Estate Association. His
volunteer efforts include Call2Talk, a mental health services hotline. Mr. Epstein is well-qualified to serve on the board of directors
due to his business experience in the international commercial real estate industry. 

Wayne
Threatt has been a director of Advent since June 2022. Mr. Threatt has extensive experience in financing, from angel startups
through venture capital investments and initial public offerings. He has negotiated and designed all manner of financings, acquisitions,
divestitures and strategic alliances, and has conducted nine figure private placement financings. Mr. Threatt is currently the managing
principal at WBT Strategy Consulting, where he has worked since 2001, and was formerly a principal at SPC Capital Management, a diversified
private equity fund with more than of 100 million under management. He has years of general management, marketing, and business development
experience in both corporate and entrepreneurial environments, in industries spanning from technology to branded consumer goods. Mr.
Threatt was previously CEO of Androx Corporation and EMUMAIL, VP Marketing and Sales at Scientific Computing Associates, VP Corporate
Development Cambridge SoundWorks, and VP and General Manager Sapphire Audio. He has been a consultant providing strategic capital and
operational insight for high-tech industries such as energy, biotechnology, information technology, and photonics. He is a graduate of
the University of Chicago, where he received his degree in Physics. Mr. Threatt holds a Master of Science in Physics awarded by the University
of Pittsburgh and received his MBA from the Harvard Business School. His volunteer commitments include serving as a board member to Synergy
Services, an organization dedicated to helping families in crisis. Mr. Threatt is well qualified to serve on the Advent Board of Directors
due to his extensive experience as an executive and with technology companies. 

Von
McConnell has been a director since November 2022. Mr. McConnell has nearly four decades of experience in leading technology
firms, including Sprint Corporation (now T-Mobile). His positions included serving as the Chief Operating Officer and Executive Director
of Operations for Sprint s 4G business unit and he also served as Sprint s Executive Director of Advanced Labs Innovation,
where he was responsible for research and development, systems and network design, engineering, product evaluation, customer trials,
and quality certification for all wireless systems and products. Mr. McConnell is currently the founder and president of the TM Group,
a successful technology consulting firm which has been engaged in venture capital acquisitions, 5G network rollouts, Division 1 university
artificial intelligence programs, and other cutting edge technological commitments. He has served as a director of incubator level and
growth stage tech companies and served as a director of a non-profit economic development entity. Mr. McConnell is responsible for dozens
of patent innovations. Mr. McConnell has been an advisor and mentor to numerous companies affiliated with the SparkLabKC incubator and
served on the Board of Advisors for the Business IT School at the University of Missouri, where he was also an Adjunct Professor. Mr.
McConnell holds an executive MBA from AJI Network and a Masters in Telecommunications from George Washington University. He also holds
a bachelors degree in economics from Emory Henry College and is a graduate of economic modeling at George Mason University. Mr.
McConnell is well-qualified to serve on the board of directors due to his business experience in the technology sector and his expertise
within the field. 

49 

 Table of Contents 

Board
Composition 

Our
authorized board of directors consists of seven members. In accordance with the second amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
our board of directors is divided into three classes, Classes I, II and III, each to serve a three-year term. At each annual meeting
of stockholders, the successors to directors whose terms then expire will be elected to serve from the time of election and qualification
until the third annual meeting following the election. Directors will not be able to be removed during their term except for cause. The
directors are divided among the three classes as follows: 

the
 Class I directors are Anggelos Skutaris and Von McConnell, and their terms will expire at
 the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2024 

the
 Class II directors are Lawrence Epstein and Wayne Threatt, and their terms will expire at
 the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2025 and 

the
 Class III directors are Vassilios Gregoriou, Nora Gourdoupi and Emory De Castro, and their
 terms will expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2023. 

We
expect that any additional directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors will be distributed among the three classes
so that, as nearly as possible, each class will consist of one-third of the directors. The division of the board of directors into three
classes with staggered three-year terms may delay or prevent a change of our management or a change in control. 

Director
Independence 

The
board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Skutaris, Mr. Epstein, Mr. Threatt and Mr. McConnell are independent directors as
defined in Nasdaq rules and the applicable SEC rules. For further information, see Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Board
Leadership Structure 

The
leadership of the Board is currently structured so that it is led by the Chairman, Vassilios Gregoriou, who also serves as the Company s
Chief Executive Officer. When the Chairman of the Board is not an independent director, a Lead Director may be elected annually by the
Board. The Board has elected Mr. Skutaris to serve as Lead Director. 

Our
Board has concluded that our current leadership structure is appropriate at this time. However, our Board will continue to periodically
review our leadership structure and may make such changes in the future as it deems appropriate. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

The
board of directors has the authority to appoint committees to perform certain management and administration functions. The Board has
established an audit committee, compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee. 

Audit
Committee 

Our
audit committee consists of Mr. Skutaris, Mr. Epstein and Mr. Threatt. The board of directors has determined that each member is independent
under the Nasdaq Capital Market listing standards and Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Exchange Act. The chairperson of our audit committee
is Mr. Skutaris. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Skutaris qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K and possesses financial sophistication, as defined under the rules of
Nasdaq Capital Market. 

50 

 Table of Contents 

The
primary purpose of the audit committee is to discharge the responsibilities of the board of directors with respect to our accounting,
financial, and other reporting and internal control practices and to oversee our independent registered accounting firm. Specific responsibilities
of our audit committee include: 

selecting
 a qualified firm to serve as the independent registered public accounting firm to audit our
 financial statements 

helping
 to ensure the independence and performance of the independent registered public accounting
 firm 

discussing
 the scope and results of the audit with the independent registered public accounting firm,
 and reviewing, with management and the independent accountants, our interim and year-end
 operating results 

developing
 procedures for employees to submit concerns anonymously about questionable accounting or
 audit matters 

reviewing
 policies on risk assessment and risk management 

reviewing
 related party transactions; 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report by the independent registered public accounting firm at least annually,
 that describes our internal quality-control procedures, any material issues with such procedures,
 and any steps taken to deal with such issues when required by applicable law; and 

by
 the independent registered public accounting firm. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
compensation committee consists of Mr. Epstein and Mr. Skutaris. The chairperson of the compensation committee is Mr. Epstein. The primary
purpose of the compensation committee is to discharge the responsibilities of the board of directors to oversee its compensation policies,
plans and programs and to review and determine the compensation to be paid to its executive officers, directors and other senior management,
as appropriate. 

Specific
responsibilities of the compensation committee include: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief
 Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance
 in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if
 any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving the compensation of our other executive officers; 

reviewing
 and recommending to our board of directors the compensation of our directors; 

reviewing
 our executive compensation policies and plans; 

reviewing
 and approving, or recommending that our board of directors approve, incentive compensation
 and equity plans, severance agreements, change-of-control protections and any other compensatory
 arrangements for our executive officers and other senior management, as appropriate; 

selecting
 independent compensation consultants and assessing whether there are any conflicts of interest
 with any of the committee s compensation advisors; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and Annual Report disclosure requirements; 

if
 required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy
 statement; 

reviewing
 and establishing general policies relating to compensation and benefits of our employees 
 and 

reviewing
 our overall compensation philosophy. 

51 

 Table of Contents 

Role
of the Compensation Consultant 

In
accordance with the Compensation Committee Charter, the Compensation Committee has the authority to engage, retain and terminate a compensation
consultant. The Compensation Committee also has the sole authority to approve the fees of such consultant. The Compensation Committee
engaged ClearBridge Compensation Group LLC ClearBridge as its independent compensation consultant. ClearBridge reports
directly to the Compensation Committee, which has authority under the Compensation Committee Charter to retain compensation consultants,
although its representatives may also meet with management from time to time. 

Services
performed by ClearBridge for the Compensation Committee include, but are not limited to: 

1. reviewing
 the Company s compensation philosophy; 

2. evaluation
 of compensation program design for 2022; 

3. providing
 market context for Compensation Committee decisions 

a. In
 2022, the Company elected to forgoe establishing a compensation peer group, and as a result
 relied on survey data for benchmark purposes (as needed), scoped to the Company s size; 

4. review
 of cash bonuses paid to executive officers; 

5. review
 of long-term incentive awards; 

6. review
 and determine go-forward non-employee director compensation program; and 

7. analysis
 of current trends in executive compensation, and updates regarding applicable legislative
 and governance activity. 

The
Compensation Committee determined that the services provided by ClearBridge to the Compensation Committee did not give rise to any conflicts
of interest. The Compensation Committee made this determination by assessing the independence of ClearBridge under the applicable rules
adopted by the SEC and incorporated into the Nasdaq Corporate Governance Requirements. In making this assessment, the Compensation Committee
also considered ClearBridge s written correspondence to the Compensation Committee that affirmed the independence of ClearBridge
and the consultants and employees who provide services to the Compensation Committee on executive compensation matters. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

Our
nominating and corporate governance committee consists of Mr. Threatt and Mr. Epstein. The board of directors has determined each proposed
member is independent under Nasdaq listing standards. The chairperson of our nominating and corporate governance committee is Mr. Threatt. 

Specific
responsibilities of our nominating and corporate governance committee include: 

identifying,
 evaluating and selecting, or recommending that our board of directors approve, nominees for
 election to our board of directors 

evaluating
 the performance of our board of directors and of individual directors; 

reviewing
 developments in corporate governance practices; 

evaluating
 the adequacy of our corporate governance practices and reporting 

reviewing
 management succession plans and 

developing
 and making recommendations to our board of directors regarding corporate governance guidelines
 and matters. 

52 

 Table of Contents 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

The
Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applies to all of its employees, officers and directors, including those officers
responsible for financial reporting. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on its website at www.advent.energy. Information
contained on or accessible through such website is not a part of this Annual Report, and the inclusion of the website address in this
Annual Report is an inactive textual reference only. The Company intends to disclose any amendments to the Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics, or any waivers of its requirements, on its website to the extent required by the applicable rules and exchange requirements. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a)
of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of the
Company s common stock to file with the SEC reports showing initial ownership of and changes in ownership of the Company s
common stock and other registered equity securities. Based solely upon our review of the copies of such forms or written representations
from certain reporting persons received by us with respect to fiscal year 2022, the Company believes that its directors and executive
officers and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of its equity securities have complied with all applicable Section 16(a)
filing requirements for fiscal year 2022, except for the following: Vassilios Gregoriou did not timely file two Form 4s reporting
four transactions; James F. Coffey did not timely file one Form 4 reporting one transaction; Emory De Castro did not timely file
one Form 4 reporting one transaction; and Panoraia Gourdoupi did not timely file one Form 3 and one Form 4 reporting one
transaction. 

Item 11. 
 Executive
Compensation. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth certain information about the compensation paid or accrued during the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 to our Chief Executive Officer and each of our two most highly compensated executive officers other than our Chief Executive Officer
who were serving as executive officers at December 31, 2022, and whose annual compensation exceeded 100,000 during such year or
would have exceeded 100,000 during such year if the executive officer were employed by the Company for the entire fiscal year (collectively
the named executive officers or NEOs ). 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Bonus 
 ) (1)(2) 
 Stock
 Awards 
 ) (3) 
 Option
 Awards 
 ) (3) 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan Compensation 
 ) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) (4) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Vassilios
 Gregoriou 
 2022 
 800,000 
 - 
 479,500 
 418,250 
 - 
 - 
 1,697,750 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 800,000 
 3,000,000 
 9,553,142 
 4,647,475 
 1,200,000 
 - 
 19,200,617 

James
 Coffey 
 2022 
 475,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 475,000 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer and General Counsel 
 2021 
 475,000 
 770,000 
 3,582,426 
 1,742,802 
 475,000 
 - 
 7,045,228 

Kevin
 Brackman 
 2022 
 375,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 375,000 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 2021 
 187,500 
 - 
 1,756,631 
 995,885 
 375,000 
 40,000 
 3,355,016 

(1) The
 Company entered into transaction bonus letter agreements with Dr. Gregoriou and Mr. Coffey,
 which entitled the executives to receive a transaction bonus which was paid promptly in February 2021
 following the Business Combination, contingent upon such executive s continued employment
 through the consummation of the Business Combination and execution of a general release of
 claims. 

53 

 Table of Contents 

(2) The
 Company entered into employment agreements with Dr. Gregoriou and Mr. Coffey, which entitled
 the executives to receive a one-time sign-on bonus in 2021. 
 
 (3) The
 amounts included under the Stock Awards and Option Awards columns
 reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of such awards granted during the 2022 and 2021
 fiscal years. For more information regarding these share-based compensation arrangements,
 see Note 17 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31,
 2022 included as part of this filing and Note 16 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements
 for the year ended December 31, 2021 as part of the 2021 Annual Report filed with the
 SEC on March 31, 2022. 
 
 (4) Mr.
 Brackman received 40,000 in relocation expense benefits during 2021. 

Narrative
Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

Compensation
Philosophy and Objectives 

The
Company operates in a dynamic and rapidly evolving environment, which requires a highly-skilled and technical workforce. As a result,
the Company places great emphasis on its ability to attract, retain, and motivate top talent in the industry. The Company achieves these
objectives by creating an appropriate balance between achieving short-term results and creating long-term sustainable value to shareholders
that reinforces the linkage between pay and performance. 

Elements
of Executive Compensation 

The
compensation of executives of the Company includes three main elements: (i) base salary; (ii) an annual bonus; and (iii) long-term equity
incentives. Perquisites and personal benefits are not a significant element of compensation for the Company s executive officers. 

Base
Salaries 

Base
salary is provided as a fixed source of compensation for the Company s executive officers. Adjustments to base salaries are reviewed
annually and as warranted throughout the year to reflect promotions or other changes in the scope of an executive officer s role
or responsibilities, as well as to maintain market competitiveness. 

Dr.
Gregoriou s annual base salary was 800,000; Mr. Coffey s annual base salary was 475,000; and Mr. Brackman s annual
base salary was 375,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Annual
Bonuses 

In
2022, the named executive officers were each eligible to receive an annual cash incentive award, based on the achievement of pre-approved
key performance objectives determined by the Compensation Committee. 

As
provided in their respective employment agreements, the target bonus amount for Dr. Gregoriou was 150 of his base salary and for Messrs.
Coffey and Brackman were 100 of their base salaries. Actual bonus payouts vary based on Compensation Committee assessment of executive
performance versus pre-established key performance indicators. 

Management,
at its discretion, decided there will not be performance related bonus payouts for fiscal year 2022. 

Equity
Compensation 

In
2021, the Company adopted the Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc. 2021 Incentive Plan (the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan ).
The 2021 Equity Incentive Plan advances the Company s interests by providing for the grant to our employees, directors, consultants
and advisors of stock options, SARs, restricted and unrestricted stock and stock units, performance awards and other awards that are
convertible into or otherwise based on our common stock. 

54 

 Table of Contents 

Following
the Business Combination, on June 11, 2021, the Compensation Committee made grants to select senior executives. The grants were
made to recognize each executive s role and contributions to date, including outstanding efforts towards a successful transaction,
as well as to incentivize and to retain the executives, and to further align them with the post-Business Combination stockholders. As
a result of the Business Combination grants, and Mr. Brackman s sign-on award in 2021, the Compensation Committee elected to not
make any additional annual grants in 2022 to the NEOs. 

In
recognition of Dr. Gregoriou s role and contributions related to the ratification of GreenHiPo by the EU, the Compensation Committee,
in July 2022, granted a one-time special award of 175,000 time-vested restricted stock units RSUs and stock options
to purchase 175,000 shares of common stock to Dr. Gregoriou. 

Transaction
Bonus Letter Agreements with Executive Officers 

Advent
entered into transaction bonus letter agreements with each of Dr. Gregoriou and Mr. Coffey, which entitled each executive to receive
a transaction bonus that was payable promptly following the Business Combination, contingent upon such executive s continued employment
through the consummation of the Business Combination and execution of a general release of claims. The transaction bonuses, which were
paid at the time of the Business Combination in February 2021, were as follows: (i) for Dr. Gregoriou, 2,500,000, and (ii) for
Mr. Coffey, 520,000. 

One-Time
Bonuses 

On
October 12, 2020, in connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement and the announcement of the Merger, Advent entered into
employment agreements, with each of Dr. Gregoriou and Mr. Coffey. As part of the employment agreements, Advent agreed to pay one-time
sign-on bonuses payable in two installments: (i) 50 on the first payroll date following the consummation of the Business Combination
and (ii) 50 to be paid on the first payroll date following the one-year anniversary of the consummation of the Business Combination,
subject to the applicable executive s employment through the relevant payment date. The one-time bonuses were as follows: (i) Dr.
Gregoriou, 500,000 and (ii) Mr. Coffey, 250,000. 

Employment
Agreements 

Advent
is a party to certain offer letters with each of the named executive officers that set forth the initial terms and conditions of the
officer s employment with Advent, each of which has since been superseded by new employment agreements as described in Executive
Compensation-Employment Agreements and Other Arrangements with Executive Officers and Directors-Employment and Consulting Arrangements
with Executive Officers and Directors below. The material terms of these offer letters are summarized below. 

Dr.
Gregoriou. On December 3, 2012, Advent entered into an offer letter with Dr. Gregoriou, which provided for an annual base salary
of 170,000, eligibility to receive an annual performance bonus of cash and performance stock awards and an initial grant of restricted
stock awards in an amount equal to 4 of outstanding common stock on Dr. Gregoriou s date of hire. Pursuant to the offer letter,
if Dr. Gregoriou s employment is terminated without cause or if he resigns for good reason (as each
such term was defined in the offer letter), he is entitled to (i) 6 months base salary continuation and (ii) 12 months 
subsidized benefits continuation, in each case subject to Dr. Gregoriou s execution and non-revocation of a release of claims.
As described in further detail in the Executive Compensation-Employment Agreements and Other Arrangements with Executive Officers
and Directors-Employment and Consulting Arrangements with Executive Officers and Directors section of this report, effective as
of the consummation of the Business Combination, this offer letter was superseded in its entirety by a new employment agreement between
Dr. Gregoriou and Advent. 

On
October 19, 2019, Dr. Gregoriou separately entered into an agreement with Advent that contained (i) a perpetual confidentiality
covenant, (ii) an assignment of intellectual property covenant, (iii) a non-competition covenant for two year post-termination of employment,
(iv) a covenant not to solicit any of Advent s customers or patrons during the two-year period following termination and (v) a
covenant not to solicit any of Advent s employees or consultants during the two-year period following termination. 

55 

 Table of Contents 

Mr.
Coffey and Mr. Brackman . As described in further detail in the Executive Compensation-Employment Agreements and Other Arrangements
with Executive Officers and Directors-Employment and Consulting Arrangements with Executive Officers and Directors section of
this report, in connection with the announcement of the Business Combination, Mr. Coffey entered into an employment agreement with Advent,
which became effective as of the consummation of the Business Combination. Mr. Brackman entered into an employment agreement with Advent
on August 13, 2021, which was effective as of July 2, 2021 and superseded certain offer letter entered into between the Company
and Mr. Brackman dated July 2, 2021. 

Employee
Benefits 

The
Company sponsors an employee savings plan under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Subsequent to the Business Combination,
the Company made matching contributions equal to 100 of the participant s pre-tax contribution up to a maximum of 5 of the participant s
eligible earnings for U.S employees. Total expense related to the Company s defined contribution plan was 0.3 million and 0.1
million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

As
described in Note 2 of the Company s audited consolidated financial statements for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, pursuant to Greek
Labor Law 2112/1920, employees in Greece are entitled to an indemnity in the event of dismissal or retirement, though as a director,
Dr. Gregoriou is not eligible for such indemnity. 

Other
Compensation Policies 

Stock
Ownership/Holding Policy 

The
Company maintains meaningful stock ownership guidelines to reinforce the importance of stock ownership. These guidelines are intended
to align the interests of executives and shareholders and to focus the executives on our long-term success. Under these guidelines, each
of our active executives and non-employee directors must own shares in accordance with the following schedule: 

Role 
 Required
 Ownership Level 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman 
 6.0x
 Base Salary 
 
 Other
 Executive Officers 
 3.0x
 Base Salary 
 
 Non-Employee
 Directors 
 3.0x
 Annual Cash Retainer 

Shares
that count towards satisfying the ownership requirements include: 

Shares
 owned by the executive/director, including those obtained through the vesting of restricted
 stock units and performance stock units; 

Shares
 owned jointly by the executive/director and spouse or held in trust established by the; executive/director
 for the benefit of the executive/director and/or family members; 

Unvested
 time-based restricted stock units; 

Note:
 Unvested performance stock units and unexercised stock options do not count towards satisfying
 stock ownership requirements. 

Each
executive or non-employee director has 5 years to meet the ownership guidelines starting from when the executive/director first becomes
subject to the policy. Executives/directors who do not meet the ownership guidelines after 5 years of being subject to the guidelines
are expected to retain 50 of net shares (i.e., shares remaining after payment of taxes) upon vesting or exercise of stock options until
they meet the guidelines. Executive and Non-Employee Directors are either already in compliance with the stock ownership guidelines or
expected to be within the 5-year timeframe. 

56 

 Table of Contents 

Prohibition
on Pledging and Hedging 

The
Company maintains a comprehensive Insider Trading Policy that includes a prohibition on pledging Company securities or holding Company
securities in a margin account. Additionally, the policy prohibits engaging in hedging, monetization and similar transactions in respect
of Company securities. This policy, applicable to all officers, directors and associates, was put in place to ensure that the interests
of these individuals remain aligned with those of stockholders, and that they continue to have the incentive to execute the Company s
long-term plans and achieve the performance for which their equity awards are intended. 

Employment
Agreements and Other Arrangements with Executive Officers and Directors 

Employment
Agreements 

On
October 12, 2020, in connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement and the announcement of the Business Combination Advent
entered into employment agreements, with each of Dr. Gregoriou and Mr. Coffey. The material terms of these employment agreements are
set forth below: 

Dr.
 Gregoriou serves as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our board of directors, with
 an initial annual base salary of 800,000, a one-time signing bonus of 500,000, and beginning
 in fiscal year 2021, eligibility to earn an annual performance bonus with a target equal
 to 150 of his annual base salary. 

Mr.
 Coffey serves as our Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel, with an annual base salary
 of 475,000, a one-time signing bonus of 250,000, and beginning in fiscal year 2021, eligibility
 to earn an annual performance bonus with a target equal to 100 of his annual base salary. 

The
sign-on bonuses were paid in two installments: (i) 50 on the first payroll date following the consummation of the Business Combination
and (ii) 50 on the first payroll date following the one year anniversary of the consummation of the Business Combination, subject to
the applicable executive s employment through the relevant payment date. 

On
August 13, 2021, Advent entered into employment agreement with Mr. Brackman, which was effective as of July 2, 2021 and superseded
certain offer letter entered into between the Company and Mr. Brackman dated July 2, 2021. The material terms of this employment
agreement are set forth below: 

Mr.
 Brackman serves as our Chief Financial Officer, with an annual base salary of 375,000, a
 one-time relocation expense payment of 40,000, and beginning in fiscal year 2021, eligibility
 to earn an annual performance bonus with a target equal to 100 of his annual base salary. 

The
employment agreements provide that if an executive s employment terminates without cause or by him for good
reason, (as such terms are defined in the employment agreement or term sheet, as applicable), the executive will be entitled to
(i) up to 12 months subsidized medical, dental and vision benefits continuation (18 months for Dr. Gregoriou) and (ii) payment
of one times (two times for Dr. Gregoriou) the sum of such executive s annual base salary and target bonus, payable over 12 months.
If such termination of employment without cause or resignation for good reason occurs within 60 days prior
to, or 12 months following, a change in control (as such term is defined in the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan), severance
is enhanced and provides for (i) up to 18 months subsidized medical, dental and vision benefits continuation for all executives,
(ii) two times (three times for Dr. Gregoriou) the sum of such executive s annual base salary and target bonus, payable over 12
months, and (iii) the initial grant of stock options and restricted stock units issued pursuant to the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, shall
become fully vested, and such options will remain exercisable for a period of one year following such termination of employment. Moreover,
if the acquirer in such change in control does not agree to assume or substitute for equivalent stock options, any unvested
portion of the initial grant of stock options shall become fully vested and exercisable at the time of such transaction. 

The
employment agreements for Dr. Gregoriou, Messrs. Coffey and Brackman each contain (i) a perpetual confidentiality covenant, (ii) an assignment
of intellectual property covenant, (iii) a non-competition covenant for one year post-termination of employment (subject to, for Dr.
Gregoriou, the Executive s receipt of at least 50 of the Executive s highest annualized base salary within the two (2) year
period preceding termination) for the entire year, (iv) a covenant not to solicit any of our customers, vendors, suppliers or other business
partners during the eighteen (18)-month period following termination and (v) a covenant not to solicit any of our employees or independent
contractors during the eighteen (18)-month period following termination. 

57 

 Table of Contents 

Non-Competition
Agreements 

Simultaneously
with the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement, certain insider Advent stockholders entered into non-competition and non-solicitation
agreements for the benefit of the Company, Advent and each of their respective present and future affiliates, successors and subsidiaries
(each, a Non-Competition Agreement ), to become effective at the Closing, pursuant to which the Advent stockholder
party thereto agreed not to compete with the Company, Advent and their respective affiliates during the three (3) year period following
the Closing in North America or the European Union (including Greece) or in any other markets in which the Company and Advent are engaged.
The Advent stockholder party thereto also agreed during such three (3) year restricted period to not solicit employees or customers of
such entities. The Non-Competition Agreement also contains customary confidentiality and non-disparagement provisions. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

The
following table provides information with respect to awards held by the named executive officers as of December 31, 2022. 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of 
Shares 
or Units 
of Stock 
that Have 
Not Vested (#) 
 Market Value 
of Shares 
or Units 
of Stock 
That Have 
Not Vested ) (7) 
 
 Vassilios Gregoriou (1)(2) 
 230,530 
 691,588 
 10.36 
 6/11/2031 
 691,588 
 1,251,774 
 
 Vassilios Gregoriou (3)(4) 
 - 
 175,000 
 2.74 
 7/12/2032 
 175,000 
 316,750 
 
 James Coffey (1)(2) 
 86,449 
 259,345 
 10.36 
 6/11/2031 
 259,345 
 469,414 
 
 Kevin Brackman (5)(6) 
 57,632 
 172,897 
 7.62 
 8/24/2031 
 172,897 
 312,944 

(1) 
 Option
 awards vest 25 upon each anniversary of February 4, 2021, the vesting commencement date, until the fourth anniversary of the
 vesting commencement date. 

(2) 
 Stock
 awards consist of grants of restricted stock units that vest 25 upon each anniversary of February 4, 2021, the vesting commencement
 date, until the fourth anniversary of the vesting commencement date. 

(3) 
 Option
 awards vest 25 upon each anniversary of July 12, 2022, the vesting commencement date, until the fourth anniversary of the vesting
 commencement date. 

(4) 
 Stock
 awards consist of grants of restricted stock units that vest 25 upon each anniversary of July 12, 2022, the vesting commencement
 date, until the fourth anniversary of the vesting commencement date. 

(5) 
 Option
 awards vest 25 upon each anniversary of August 24, 2021, the vesting commencement date, until the fourth anniversary of the
 vesting commencement date. 

(6) 
 Stock
 awards consist of grants of restricted stock units that vest 25 upon each anniversary of August 24, 2021, the vesting commencement
 date, until the fourth anniversary of the vesting commencement date. 

(7) 
 Market
 value of restricted stock unit awards is based on the closing price of 1.81 per share on December 30, 2022 on the Nasdaq Capital
 Market. 

Director
Compensation 

Pursuant
to offer letters with each of the Company s non-employee directors (the Director Offer Letters ), each director receives
an annual retainer of 100,000, to be paid quarterly in arrears. In addition, each non-employee director is eligible to receive an annual
grant of stock awards for a number of shares of Company common stock determined by dividing 100,000 by the closing price per share of
Company common stock on the applicable grant date. While each of Drs. Gregoriou, De Castro, Gourdoupi, and Christos Kaskavelis, the Company s
Chief Marketing Officer, served as members of the board of directors of the Company in 2022, none received additional compensation for
director services. Dr. Gregoriou s compensation earned with respect to his employment with Advent is set forth in the Summary
Compensation Table above. 

58 

 Table of Contents 

The
following table sets forth all compensation paid to or earned by each non-employee director of the Company during fiscal year 2022. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Name 
 Fees Earned 
or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) (1)(2) 
 
 Total ) 
 
 Anggelos Skutaris 
 100,000 
 100,000 
 200,000 
 
 Lawrence Epstein (3) 
 66,667 
 100,000 
 166,667 
 
 Wayne Threatt (4) 
 50,000 
 100,000 
 150,000 
 
 Von McConnell (5) 
 10,000 
 - 
 10,000 
 
 Katherine E. Fleming former director (6) 
 50,000 
 - 
 50,000 
 
 Katrina Fitz former director (7) 
 46,945 
 - 
 46,945 

(1) 
 The
 amounts disclosed above reflect the full grant date fair values in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. See Note 17 - Share
 Based Compensation to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 (2) 
 On
 June 15, 2022, the Company granted to each non-employee director a total of 64,516 restricted stock units which vest on June 8,
 2023. 
 
 (3) 
 Mr.
 Epstein was appointed as a director of the Company on April 8, 2022. 
 
 (4) 
 Mr.
 Threatt was appointed as a director of the Company on June 8, 2022. 
 
 (5) 
 Mr.
 McConnell was appointed as a director of the Company on November 4, 2022. 
 
 (6) 
 Ms.
 Fleming s term expired on June 8, 2022. 
 
 (7) 
 Ms.
 Fritz resigned on May 27, 2022. 

Item 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth information known to the Company regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 29, 2023
by: 

each
 person known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of outstanding common stock; 

each
 of our named executive officers and directors and 

all
 executive officers and directors as a group 

Beneficial
ownership is determined according to the rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security
if he, she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power over that security, including options and warrants that are currently
exercisable or exercisable within 60 days. Stock issuable upon exercise of options and warrants currently exercisable within 60 days
are deemed outstanding solely for purposes of calculating the percentage of total voting power of the beneficial owner thereof. 

The
beneficial ownership of Company common stock is based on 52,261,643 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 29, 2023. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, the Company believes that each person named in the table below has sole voting and investment power with respect
to all shares of Company common stock beneficially owned by them. 

59 

 Table of Contents 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number
of 
Shares 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Vassilios Gregoriou (1) 
 6,210,343 
 11.8 
 
 Emory De Castro (2) 
 2,414,940 
 4.6 
 
 James Coffey (2) 
 878,812 
 1.7 
 
 Nora Gourdoupi (3) 
 162,297 

Kevin Brackman (4) 
 88,983 

Christos Kaskavelis (2) 
 4,049,909 
 7.7 
 
 Anggelos Skutaris 
 19,304 

Lawrence Epstein 
 3,100 

Wayne Threatt 
 - 
 - 
 
 Von McConnell 
 - 
 - 
 
 All directors and executive officers
 as a group (ten individuals) (5) 
 13,827,688 
 26.0 

Five Percent Holders: 

BNP Paribas Asset Management UK Ltd. (6) 
 5,549,573 
 10.6 
 
 F.E.R. fischer Edelstahlrohre GmbH (7) 
 5,124,846 
 9.8 
 
 Charalampos Antoniou (8) 
 2,775,049 
 5.3 

Less
than one percent. 

(1) Share
 amount includes 461,060 shares issuable upon exercise of options. 
 
 (2) Share
 amount includes an aggregate of 172,896 shares issuable upon exercise of options. 
 
 (3) Share
 amount includes an aggregate of 18,750 shares issuable upon exercise of options. 
 
 (4) Share
 amount includes an aggregate of 57,632 shares issuable upon exercise of options. 
 
 (5) Share
 amount includes an aggregate of 1,056,134 shares issuable upon exercise of options. Unless
 otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is 500 Rutherford Ave
 Suite 102, Boston, MA 02129. 
 
 (6) Pursuant
 to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on January 31, 2023, BNP Paribas Asset Management UK
 Ltd. BNP has sole voting and dispositive power over such shares. The business
 address for BNP is 5 Aldermanbury Square, London, EX2V 7BP. 
 
 (7) Pursuant
 to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 9, 2023, all shares are held of record by
 F.E.R. fischer Edelstahlrohre GmbH Fischer GmbH ). Fischer GmbH has shares
 voting and dispositive power over such shares. Fischer GmbH is 100 owned by fischer group
 SE Co. KG Fischer KG ). Johann Fischer holds an interest and 51 of the
 voting power in Fischer KG. The remaining interests in Fischer KG are held by Hans-Peter
 Fischer, Roland Fischer and Michaela Behrle. The business address for such entities and persons
 is Im Gewerbegebiet 7, 77855 Achern-Fautenbach, Germany. 
 
 (8) Share
 amount includes 1,784,389 shares owned by Neptune International AG, an entity for which Mr.
 Antoniou holds shared voting and dispositive power with regard to such shares of Company
 common stock. The business address of Mr. Antoniou is Bernoldweg 14, ZUG, 6300, Switzerland.
 The business address of Neptune International AG is Bahnhofstrasse 7, ZUG, 6300, Switzerland. 

60 

 Table of Contents 

Equity
Compensation Plan Table 

The
following table summarizes our equity compensation plan information as of December 31, 2022. Information is included for equity compensation
plans approved by our stockholders and equity compensation plans not approved by our stockholders. 

Plan Category 

(a) 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

(b) 
 Weighted-average exercise price per share of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

(c) Number of securities remaining available for
 future issuance under equity compensation plans 

Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 
 3,331,154 
 
 8.12 
 
 234,754 

Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Total 
 3,331,154 
 
 8.12 
 
 234,754 

Item 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

There
have been no transactions since January 1, 2022 to which we have been a participant in which the amount involved, exceeded or will
exceed 120,000, and in which any of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any members
of their immediate family, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, other than compensation arrangements which are described
under Executive Officer and Director Compensation. 

Director
Independence 

Our
Board has determined that four (4) of our directors, Messrs. Skutaris, Epstein, Threatt, and McConnell are independent directors in accordance
with the listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq. Under the rules of the Nasdaq Capital Market, independent directors
must comprise a majority of a listed company s board of directors within one year of the completion of its initial public offering.
In addition, the rules of the Nasdaq Capital Market require that, subject to specified exceptions, each member of a listed company s
audit and compensation committees be independent and that director nominees be selected or recommended for the board s selection
by independent directors constituting a majority of the independent directors or by a nominating and corporate governance committee comprised
solely of independent directors. Under the rules of the Nasdaq Capital Market, a director will only qualify as independent 
if, in the opinion of that company s board of directors, that person does not have a relationship that would interfere with the
exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director and that such person is independent 
as defined by the applicable rules of the Nasdaq Capital Market and the Exchange Act. 

Audit
committee members must also satisfy the independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. In order to be considered
independent for purposes of Rule 10A-3, a member of an audit committee of a listed company may not, other than in his or her capacity
as a member of the audit committee, the board of directors or any other board committee: (1) accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting,
advisory or other compensatory fee from the listed company or any of its subsidiaries or (2) be an affiliated person of the listed company
or any of its subsidiaries. 

Based
upon information requested from and provided by each director concerning his background, employment and affiliations, including family
relationships, our board of directors has determined that four of our directors are independent directors as defined under
applicable rules of the Nasdaq Capital Market, including, in the case of all the members of our audit committee, the independence criteria
set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, and in the case of all the members of our compensation committee, the independence
criteria set forth in Rule 10C-1 under the Exchange Act. In making such determination, our board of directors considered the relationships
that each such non-employee director has with our Company and all other facts and circumstances that our board of directors deemed relevant
in determining his or her independence, including the beneficial ownership of our capital stock by each non-employee director. Dr. Gregoriou
is not an independent director under these rules because he is our Chief Executive Officer. Emory De Castro is not an independent director
under these rules because he is our Chief Technology Officer. Nora Gourdoupi is not an independent director under these rules because
she is our SVP of Business Development. 

61 

 Table of Contents 

Item 14. 
 Principal
Accounting Fees and Services. 

Ernst
 Young (Hellas) Certified Auditors Accountants S.A. EY has served as the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm since February 9, 2021. 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to EY, for services rendered for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services
that are normally provided by EY in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of EY related to audit and review services
totaled 660,790 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 851,573 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The above amounts
include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees . Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of
the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services
that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the
years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we paid EY 95,750 and 11,827, respectively, in audit-related fees. 

Tax
Fees . We did not pay EY for tax return services, planning and tax advice for each of the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021. 

All
Other Fees . We did not pay EY for any other services for each of the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
audit committee is responsible for approving or pre-approving all auditing services (including comfort letters and statutory audits)
and all permitted non-audit services by the independent auditor and pre-approve the related fees. Pursuant to its charter, the audit
committee delegated to each of its members, acting singly, the authority to pre-approve any audit services if the need for consideration
of a pre-approval request arises between regularly scheduled meetings, with such approval presented to the audit committee at its next
scheduled meeting or as soon as practicable thereafter. 

62 

 Table of Contents 

PART
IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules. 

(1)
Financial Statements 

For
a list of the financial information included herein, see Index to the Financial Statements on page F-1. 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules: 

All
financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not required or the information required is shown in
the financial statements or the notes thereto. 

(3)
Exhibits. 

The
following is a list of exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Exhibit
Number 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 12, 2020 by and among AMCI, our sponsor, in its capacity as Purchaser Representative thereunder, Advent and Vassilios Gregoriou in his capacity as Seller Representative thereunder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of AMCI Acquisition Corp. s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-250946), filed with the SEC on January 14, 2021). 

2.2 
 
 First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 19, 2020, by and among AMCI, our sponsor, in its capacity as Purchaser Representative thereunder, Advent and Vassilios Gregoriou in his capacity as Seller Representative thereunder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 of AMCI Acquisition Corp. s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-250946), filed with the SEC on January 14, 2021). 

2.3 
 
 Second Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 31, 2020, by and among AMCI, our sponsor, in its capacity as Purchaser Representative thereunder, Advent and Vassilios Gregoriou in his capacity as Seller Representative thereunder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 of AMCI Acquisition Corp. s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-250946), filed with the SEC on January 14, 2021). 

2.4 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 25, 2021, by and between Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc. and F.E.R. Fischer Edelstahlrohre GmbH (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 25, 2021). 

3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 9, 2021). 

3.2 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 9, 2022). 

4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated November 15, 2018 by and between AMCI Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of AMCI Acquisition Corp. s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-250946), filed with the SEC on January 14, 2021). 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of AMCI Acquisition Corp. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-227994), filed with the SEC on November 9, 2018). 

63 

 Table of Contents 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of AMCI Acquisition Corp. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-227994), filed with the SEC on November 9, 2018). 

4.4 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on May 20, 2021). 

10.1 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 15, 2018, by and among AMCI, our sponsor and the holders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of AMCI Acquisition Corp s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 20, 2018). 

10.2+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of October 12, 2020, by and between Advent Technologies Inc. and Vassilios Gregoriou (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 9, 2021). 

10.3+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2020, by and between Advent Technologies SA and Christos Kaskavelis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 9, 2021). 

10.4+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of October 12, 2020, by and between Advent Technologies Inc. and Emory De Castro (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 9, 2021). 

10.5+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of October 12, 2020, by and between Advent Technologies, Inc. and James F. Coffey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 9, 2021). 

10.6+ 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 9, 2021). 

10.7+ 
 
 Form of Director Offer Letters. 

10.8 
 
 Offer Letter Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2021, by and between Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc. and Kevin Brackman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 6, 2021). 

10.9+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2021, by and between Advent Technologies, Inc. and Kevin Brackman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 18, 2021). 

10.17 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2021, by and between Advent Technologies, Inc. and Hood Park LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A, filed with the SEC on March 26, 2021). 

10.10+ 
 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 9, 2021) 

10.11 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated as of September 2, 2019, by and between Advent Technologies S.A. and Patras Science Park S.A. (English summary of Greek original) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 9, 2021). 

64 

 Table of Contents 

10.12 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2019, by and between Advent Technologies S.A. and Patras Science Park S.A. (English summary of Greek original) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 9, 2021). 

10.13 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2021, by and between Advent Technologies GmbH and fisher group SE Co.,KG (English summary of German original) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022). 

21.1 
 
 List
 of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022) 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
 herewith. 
 
 Furnished
 herewith 
 
 + Indicated
a management or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K
 Summary. 

None. 

65 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Advent
 Technologies Holdings, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/
 Kevin Brackman 

March 31,
 2023 
 Name: 
 Kevin
Brackman 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Vassilios Gregoriou 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 March 31,
 2023 
 
 Vassilios
 Gregoriou 

/s/
 Kevin Brackman 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March 31,
 2023 
 
 Kevin
 Brackman 

/s/
 Emory De Castro 
 
 Chief
 Technology Officer and Director 
 
 March 31,
 2023 
 
 Emory
 De Castro 

/s/
 Panoraia Gourdoupi 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31,
 2023 
 
 Panoraia
 Gourdoupi 

/s/
 Lawrence Epstein 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31,
 2023 
 
 Lawrence
 Epstein 

/s/
 Anggelos Skutaris 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31,
 2023 
 
 Anggelos
 Skutaris 

/s/
 Wayne Threatt 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31,
 2023 
 
 Wayne
 Threatt 

/s/
 Von McConnell 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31,
 2023 
 
 Von
 McConnell 

66 

 Table of Contents 

ADVENT
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS, INC. 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 
 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity / (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-7 
 
 Notes
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

F- 1 

 Table of Contents 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity/(deficit) and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

The Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has incurred recurring operating losses and has stated that substantial doubt exists about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. In addition, based on its projections, the Company may not be able to cover its working capital needs as they become due in the twelve-month period ending following the issuance of these consolidated financial statements. Management s evaluation of the events and conditions and management s plans regarding these matters also are described in Note 1. The 2022 consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Adoption of ASU No. 2016-02 

As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method for accounting for leases effective January 1, 2022 due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ S.A. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

March
31, 2023 

F- 2 

 Table of Contents 

ADVENT
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 Amounts
in USD thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

As
 of 

December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current
 assets: 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Accounts
 receivable 

Contract
 assets 

Inventories 

Prepaid
 expenses and Other current assets 

Total
 current assets 

Non-current
 assets: 

Goodwill 

Intangibles,
 net 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Right-of-use
 assets 
 
 - 
 
 Other
 non-current assets 

Deferred
 tax assets 
 - 

Available
 for sale financial asset 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 non-current assets 

Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current
 liabilities: 

Trade
 and other payables 

Deferred
 income from grants, current 

Contract
 liabilities 

Other
 current liabilities 

Operating
 lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Income
 tax payable 

Total
 current liabilities 

Non-current
 liabilities: 

Warrant
 liability 

Deferred
 tax liabilities 
 - 

Long-term
 operating lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Defined
 benefit obligation 

Deferred
 income from grants, non-current 
 
 - 
 
 Other
 long-term liabilities 

Total
 non-current liabilities 

Total
 liabilities 

Commitments
 and contingent liabilities 

Stockholders 
 equity 

Common
 stock par value per share; Shares authorized: at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; Issued and
 outstanding: and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 

Preferred
 stock 
 par value per share; Shares authorized: 
 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; nil issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31,
 2021) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 stockholders equity 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

 Table of Contents 

ADVENT
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (Amounts
in USD thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Years
 Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue,
 net 

Cost
 of revenues 

Gross
 profit (loss) 

Income
 from grants 

Research
 and development expenses 

Administrative
 and selling expenses 

Amortization
 of intangibles 

Credit
 loss customer contracts 
 
 - 
 
 Gain from purchase price adjustment 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment
 loss - intangible assets and goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Operating
 loss 

Fair
 value change of warrant liability 

Finance
 income / (expenses), net 

Foreign
 exchange gains / (losses), net 

Other
 income / (expenses), net 

Loss
 before income taxes 

Income
 taxes 

Net
 loss 

Net
 loss per share 

Basic
 loss per share 

Basic
 weighted average number of shares 

Diluted
 loss per share 

Diluted
 weighted average number of shares 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

 Table of Contents 

ADVENT
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 (All
amounts in USD thousands) 

Years
 Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net
 loss 

Other
 comprehensive income / (loss): 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustments 

Actuarial
 gains / (losses) 

Total
 other comprehensive loss 

Comprehensive
 loss 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

 Table of Contents 

ADVENT
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY / (DEFICIT) 

 Amounts
in USD thousands, except share amounts) 

Preferred
 Stock Series A 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Preferred
 Stock Series Seed 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Common 
 Stock Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional 
 Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Accumulated 
 OCI 
 Total
 Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 
 
 Balance
 as of December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Business
 combination and PIPE financing 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Share
 capital increase from warrants exercise 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Share
 capital increase 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Stock
 based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Other
 comprehensive loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock
 issued under stock compensation plan 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Stock
 based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Other
 comprehensive loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

 Table of Contents 

ADVENT
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (All
amounts in USD thousands) 

Years
 Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash
 flows from operating activities: 

Net
 loss for the year 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash flows used in operating activities: 

Depreciation
 of property and equipment 

Amortization
 of intangible assets 

Credit
 loss customer contracts 
 
 - 
 
 Gain from purchase price adjustment 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment
 loss - intangible assets and goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Fair
 value gain of warrant liability 

Stock-based
 compensation expense 

Benefit
 for current and deferred income taxes 

Net
 losses on disposal/write-offs of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 

Provision
 for credit losses 
 - 

Net
 periodic cost of defined benefit obligation 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities, exclusive of net assets acquired: 

Decrease
 in accounts receivable 

Decrease
 in due from related parties 
 - 

Decrease/(increase)
 in contract assets 

Increase
 in inventories 

Decrease/(increase)
 in prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Increase
 in other non-current assets 

(Decrease)/increase
 in trade payables 

Decrease
 in due to related parties 
 - 

Increase/(decrease)
 in deferred income from grants 

(Decrease)/increase
 in contract liabilities 

(Decrease)/increase
 in other current liabilities 

(Decrease)/Increase
 in income tax payable 

Decrease
 in other long-term liabilities 

Proceeds
 for tenant improvement incentive from landlord 
 
 - 
 
 Operating
 lease asset and liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Cash
 flows from investing activities: 

Proceeds
 from sale of property and equipment 

Purchases
 of property and equipment 

Purchases
 of intangible assets 

Advances
 for the acquisition of property and equipment 

Acquisition
 of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired 
 - 

Acquisition
 of available for sale financial assets 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 cash used in investing activities 

Cash
 flows from financing activities: 

Issuance
 of common stock and paid-in capital from warrants exercise 
 - 

Business
 Combination and PIPE financing, net of issuance costs paid 
 - 

State
 loan proceeds 
 - 

Repayments
 of debt 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net
 increase/(decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents 

Effect
 of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalent, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents 

Cash,
 cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash,
 cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents, end of year 

Supplemental
 Cash Flow Information 

Cash
 activities 

Interest
 paid 

Income
 taxes paid 

Non-cash
 investing and financing activities: 

Common
 stock issued as partial consideration of SerEnergy and FES acquisition 
 - 

Assets
 acquired under operating leases 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

 Table of Contents 

ADVENT
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 (Expressed
in U.S. Dollars) 

of the stock of Legacy Advent (as it existed immediately prior to the Closing) and its subsidiaries. 

On
the Closing Date, and in connection with the closing of the Business Combination, AMCI changed its name to Advent Technologies Holdings,
Inc. (the Company or Advent ). Legacy Advent was deemed the accounting acquirer in the Business Combination
based on an analysis of the criteria outlined in Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805. This determination was primarily
based on Legacy Advent s stockholders prior to the Business Combination having a majority of the voting interests in the combined
company, Legacy Advent s operations comprising the ongoing operations of the combined company, Legacy Advent s board of directors
comprising a majority of the board of directors of the combined company, and Legacy Advent s senior management comprising the senior
management of the combined company. Accordingly, for accounting purposes, the Business Combination was treated as the equivalent of Legacy
Advent issuing stock for the net assets of AMCI, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of AMCI are stated at historical cost,
with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. 

While
AMCI was the legal acquirer in the Business Combination, because Legacy Advent was deemed the accounting acquirer, the historical financial
statements of Legacy Advent became the historical financial statements of the combined company, upon the consummation of the Business
Combination. As a result, the consolidated financial statements included in this report reflect (i) the historical operating results
of Legacy Advent prior to the Business Combination; (ii) the results of the Company (combined results of AMCI and Legacy Advent) following
the closing of the Business Combination; (iii) the assets and liabilities of Legacy Advent at their historical cost; and (iv) Company s
equity structure for all periods presented. 

In
accordance with guidance applicable to these circumstances, the equity structure has been restated in all comparative periods up to the
Closing Date, to reflect the number of shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, issued to Legacy Advent s
stockholders in connection with the recapitalization transaction. As such, the shares and corresponding capital amounts and earnings
per share related to Legacy Advent Preferred Stock Preferred Series A and Preferred Series Seed and Legacy
Advent common stock prior to the Business Combination have been retroactively restated as shares reflecting the exchange ratio established
in the Business Combination Agreement. Activity within the statement of changes in stockholders equity / (deficit) for the issuances
of Legacy Advent s Preferred Stock, were also retroactively converted to Legacy Advent common stock (Note 3). 

On
February 18, 2021, Advent Technologies, Inc. entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement with Bren-Tronics, Inc. Bren-Tronics and UltraCell, LLC UltraCell ), a Delaware limited liability company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Bren-Tronics
(the UltraCell Purchase Agreement ). See Note 3 Business Combination for additional information. 

UltraCell
LLC was renamed to Advent Technologies LLC following its acquisition by the Company. 

On
June 25, 2021, the Company entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement ), with F.E.R. fischer Edelstahlrohre
GmbH, a limited liability company incorporated under the Laws of Germany (the Seller to acquire all of the issued and
outstanding equity interests in SerEnergy A/S, a Danish stock corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Seller SerEnergy and fischer eco solutions GmbH, a German limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Seller FES together
with certain outstanding shareholder loan receivables. See Note 3 Business Combination for additional information. 

SerEnergy
and FES were renamed to Advent Technologies A/S and Advent Technologies GmbH, respectively, following their acquisition by the Company. 

Advent
Technologies Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as Advent and the Company is
an advanced materials and technology development company operating in the fuel cell and hydrogen technology space. Advent develops, manufactures
and assembles the critical components that determine the performance of hydrogen fuel cells and other energy systems. To date, Advent s
principal operations have been to develop and manufacture Membrane Electrode Assembly (MEA) and to design fuel cell stacks and complete
fuel cell systems for a range of customers in the stationary power, portable power, automotive, aviation, energy storage and sensor markets. 

Advent
has its headquarters in Boston, Massachusetts, which includes a research and development and manufacturing facility, a product development
facility in Livermore, California, production facilities in Greece, Denmark, and Germany, and sales and warehousing facilities in the
Philippines. 

The
consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared to reflect the consolidation of the companies listed below: 

- 

Advent
 Technologies S.A. 
 
 - 

Advent
 Technologies LLC 
 
 - 

Advent
 Technologies GmbH 

- 

Advent
 Technologies A/S 

- 

Advent
 Green Energy Philippines, Inc 
 
 - 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. The going concern
basis of presentation assumes that the Company will continue in operation one year from the date these consolidated financial statements
are issued and will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. As
such, the accompanying audited consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification
of assets and their carrying amounts, or the amount and classification of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to
continue as a going concern. 

In
accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40), the Company
has evaluated whether there are conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern for one year from the date that the consolidated financial statements are
issued. The Company s ability to meet its liquidity needs will largely depend on its ability to generate cash in the future.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company used 32.1 ) million of cash in operating activities, and the
Company s ability to generate cash in the future is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative,
regulatory, and other factors that are beyond the Company s control. The transition to profitability is dependent upon the
successful development, approval, and commercialization of its products and the achievement of a revenue level adequate to support
its cost structure. Based on the Company s current operating plan, the Company believes that its cash and cash equivalents as
of December 31, 2022 of 
million will not be sufficient to fund operations and capital expenditures for the twelve months following the filing of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, and the Company will need to obtain additional funding. In July 2022, the Company received official
ratification from the European Commission of the European Union for one of the Important Projects of Common European Interest IPCEI ), Green HiPo. This project provides for the availability of funding of 782.1 million over the next six
years. As of the issuance date of the consolidated financial statements, the Company has not received an agreement which provides
the terms of the funding. In addition to Green HiPo, management will pursue an additional capital raise in the second quarter of
2023, but this is based on estimates that are subject to risks and uncertainties. There can be no assurance that the Company will be
able to obtain additional funding on acceptable terms, if at all. If the Company is unable to obtain sufficient funding, it could be
required to delay its development efforts, limit activities and reduce research and development costs, which could adversely affect
its business prospects. Because of the uncertainty in securing additional funding and the insufficient amount of cash and cash
equivalents as of the financial statement filing date, management has concluded that substantial doubt exists with respect to the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern for one year from the date the consolidated financial statements are
issued. 

The
subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is obtained by the Company. All subsidiaries included in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements are owned by the Company. Inter-company transaction balances and unrealized gains/(losses) on
transactions between the companies are eliminated. 

million.
The restricted cash equivalent is a letter of credit required by the Company s lease agreement for the Hood Park facility in Boston,
MA. The letter of credit is required for the duration of the lease agreement which has a term of eight years. The lease commenced in
October 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had no cash and cash equivalents which are restricted. 

The
Company reconciles cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents reported in the consolidated balance sheets
that aggregate to the beginning and ending balances shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows as follows: 

Restricted
 cash and restricted cash equivalents: 

Other
 non-current assets 
 
 - 
 
 Cash,
 cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents 

million, lease liabilities for operating leases of million, and a zero cumulative-effect adjustment
to accumulated deficit. The new standard had a material impact on the Company s consolidated balance sheet but did not materially
impact the Company s consolidated operating results and had no impact on the Company s cash flows. 

The
Company is a lessee in noncancelable operating leases. The Company determines if an arrangement is or contains a lease at contract inception.
This determination depends on whether the arrangement conveys the right to control the use of an explicitly or implicitly identified
asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Control of an underlying asset is conveyed if the Company obtains the right
to direct the use of and obtains substantially all of the economic benefits from using the underlying asset. The Company classifies leases
with contractual terms greater than 12 months as either operating or finance. The Company recognizes a right of use asset and a lease
liability at the lease commencement date. For operating leases, the lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the
unpaid lease payments at the lease commencement date. For finance leases, the lease liability is initially measured in the same manner
and date as for operating leases and is subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. 

Key
estimates and judgments include how the Company determines (1) the discount rate it uses to discount the unpaid lease payments to present
value, (2) the lease term and (3) the lease payments. 

ASC
 Topic 842 requires a lessee to discount its unpaid lease payments using the interest rate
 implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, its incremental borrowing
 rate. Generally, the Company cannot determine the interest rate implicit in the lease because
 it does not have access to the lessor s estimated residual value or the amount of the
 lessor s deferred initial direct costs. Therefore, the Company generally uses its incremental
 borrowing rate as the discount rate for the lease. The Company s incremental borrowing
 rate for a lease is the rate of interest it would have to pay on a collateralized basis to
 borrow an amount equal to the lease payments under similar terms. 

The
 lease term for all of the Company s leases includes the noncancelable period of the
 lease, plus any additional periods covered by either a Company option to extend (or not to
 terminate) the lease that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise, or an option to
 extend (or not to terminate) the lease controlled by the lessor. 

Lease
 payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise fixed payments, and
 for certain finance leases, the exercise price of a Company option to purchase the underlying
 asset if the Company is reasonably certain at lease commencement to exercise the option. 

Lease
 incentives, such as leasehold improvement and rent holidays, that are paid or payable to
 the lessee at lease commencement are deducted from the lease payments, which affects the
 lease classification test and reduces the initial measurement of the lessee s right-of-use
 asset. Lease incentives that are payable to the lessee at lease commencement also reduce
 a lessee s lease liability. 

 The
right of use asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for lease payments
made at or before the lease commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred less any lease incentives received. For operating
leases, the right of use asset is subsequently measured throughout the lease term at the carrying amount of the lease liability, plus
initial direct costs, plus (minus) any prepaid (accrued) lease payments, less the unamortized balance of lease incentives received. Lease
expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term which included within administrative and selling
expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. 

For
finance leases, the right of use asset is subsequently amortized using the straight-line method from the lease commencement date to the
earlier of the end of the useful life of the underlying asset or the end of the lease term unless the lease transfers ownership of the
underlying asset to the Company or the Company is reasonably certain to exercise an option to purchase the underlying asset. In those
cases, the right of use asset is amortized over the useful life of the underlying asset. Amortization of the right of use asset is recognized
and presented separately from interest expense on the lease liability. 

Right
of use assets for operating and finance leases are periodically reviewed for impairment losses. The Company uses the long-lived assets
impairment guidance in ASC Subtopic 360-10, Property, Plant, and Equipment Overall , to determine whether a right of use
asset is impaired, and if so, the amount of the impairment loss to recognize. 

The
Company monitors for events or changes in circumstances that require a reassessment of its leases. When a reassessment results in the
remeasurement of a lease liability, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the corresponding right of use asset. 

Operating
and finance lease right of use assets are presented separately on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The current portions
of operating and finance lease liabilities are also presented separately within current liabilities and the long-term portions are presented
separately within noncurrent liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 

The
Company has elected not to recognize right of use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months
or less. The Company recognizes the lease payments associated with its short-term leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over
the lease term. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, leases were classified as operating leases in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification
(ASC) Topic 840, Leases. Rent expense, including any contractual rent increases, were recorded on a straight-line basis over the life
of the lease. Building improvements made with the lease incentives or tenant allowances were capitalized as leasehold improvements and
included in property, plant and equipment in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Variable
payments related to a lease are expensed as incurred. These costs often relate to payments for real estate taxes, insurance, common area
maintenance, and other operating costs in addition to base rent. The Company has not recognized variable lease payments during the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

to years for buildings and leasehold
improvements and to years for machinery and other equipment. Leasehold improvements are depreciated on the straight-line method
over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the term of the lease. Land is not depreciated. 

Subsequent
expenditures are capitalized, provided they increase the functionality, output or expected life of an asset and depreciated ratably over
the identified useful life. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. 

Fixed
assets under construction are shown at their cost. Fixed assets under construction are not depreciated until the fixed asset is completed
and entered in operation. 

When
property is sold or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the consolidated balance sheet
and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated statements of operations for the period. 

years. The Company accrues a warranty reserve of of the sale price
of the fuel cells sold, which includes the Company s best estimate of the projected costs to repair or replace items under warranties
and recalls when identified. Warranty reserve is released when repairs or replacements are carried out in relation to items under warranties
or when the warranty period for the fuel cell expires. The portion of the warranty reserve expected to be incurred within the next 
months is included within Other current liabilities (Note 12), while the remaining balance is included within Other long-term liabilities
(Note 16) on the consolidated balance sheets. Warranty expense is recorded as a component of cost of revenue in the consolidated statements
of operations. 

The
changes in the accrued warranty reserve for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

- 
 
 Assumed
 at business combination 
 - 

Additions 

Settlements 

Foreign
 exchange fluctuations 

Balance
 at end of year 

The
Company has assessed that each product sold is a single performance obligation because the promised goods are distinct on their own and
within the context of the contract. In cases where the agreement includes customization services for the contracted products, the Company
is providing integrated services; therefore, the goods are not separately identifiable, but are inputs to produce and deliver a combined
output and form a single performance obligation within the context of the contract. Furthermore, the Company assessed whether it acts
as a principal or agent in each of its revenue arrangements and has concluded that in all sales transactions it acts as a principal.
Additionally, the Company, taking into consideration the guidance and indicative factors provided by ASC 606, concluded that it provides
assurance type warranties (warranty period is up to two years) as it does not provide a service to the customer beyond fixing defects
that existed at the time of sale. The Company, based on historical performance, current circumstances, and projections of trends, estimated
that no allowance for returns as per warranty policy should be recognized, at the time of sale, accounted for under ASC 460, Guarantees. 

Under
ASC 606, the Company estimates the transaction price, including variable consideration, at the commencement of the contract and recognize
revenue over the contract term, rather than when fees become fixed or determinable. In other words, where contracts with customers include
variable consideration (i.e. volume rebates), the Company estimates at contract inception the variable consideration and adjusts the
transaction price only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will
not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. Furthermore, no material rights or
significant financing components have been identified in the Company s contracts. Payment terms generally include advance payment
requirements. The time between a customer s payment and completion of the performance obligation is less than one year. Payment
terms are in the majority fixed and do not include variable consideration, except from volume rebates. 

Revenue
from satisfaction of performance obligations is recognized based on identified transaction price. The transaction price reflects the
amount to which the Company has rights under the present contract. It is allocated to the distinct performance obligations based on standalone
selling prices of the services promised in the contract. In cases of more than one performance obligation, the Company allocates transaction
price to the distinct performance obligations in proportion to their observable stand-alone selling prices and recognize revenue as those
performance obligations are satisfied. 

In
the majority of cases of product sales, revenue is recognized at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the respective
goods that is, when the products are shipped from the Company s facilities as control passes to the customer in accordance with
agreed contracts and the stated shipping terms. In cases where the contract includes customization services, which one performance obligation
is identified, revenue is recognized over time as the Company s performance does not create an asset with alternative use and the
Company has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date. The Company uses the input method (i.e., cost-to-cost
method) to measure progress towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation. 

million and million, respectively on the consolidated balance sheets. During
the year December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a credit loss of million related to the likelihood of realizing a contract
asset. The balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 includes an amount of and million, respectively, from the SerEnergy
and FES acquisition. 

Advent
recognizes contract liabilities when the Company receives customer payments or has the unconditional right to receive consideration
in advance of the performance obligations being satisfied on the Company s contracts. The Company receives payments from
customers based on the terms established in the contracts. Contract liabilities are classified as either current or long-term
liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets based on the timing of when the Company expects to recognize the related revenue. As
of December 31, 2022, and 2021, The Company recognized contract liabilities of 1.0 
million and 1.1 million, respectively, in the consolidated balance sheets. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company recognized 
million and 
million in revenues. The balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounting to 
million and 
million, respectively, was from the SerEnergy and FES acquisition. 

million and million, respectively,
in connection with amounts received for fuel cell research and development. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had receivables
from grant income of million and million, respectively, which is included within prepaid expenses and other current assets
in the consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, deferred income from grants in the consolidated
balance sheets is million and million, respectively, and is split between current and non-current portion based on the estimated
time of realization of eligible costs and expenses. 

Advent
Technologies S.A. and Disruptive Sustainable Technologies for Next Generation PV Windows Tech4Win Project 

In
January 2019 Advent Technologies S.A became a partner in the European Union EU funded Tech4Win Project. The aim
of the project is to develop a novel transparent PV window concept based on a tandem inspired structure that combines an inorganic ultraviolet
selective multi-functional coating with an organic infrared selective PV device. It will be able to generate renewable energy on site
at a reduced cost, guaranteeing a high-transparency degree while avoiding the use of critical raw materials. Per the terms of the project,
Advent Technologies was reimbursed for 0.2 million of research and development costs. The project ended in September 2022. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized thousand and thousand, respectively, in reimbursements
related to the project which is included as income from grants on the consolidated statement of operations. 

As
of December 31, 2021, thousand was included as deferred income from grants, current on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Advent
Technologies A/S and The Energy Technology Development and Demonstration Program EUDP 

In
February 2019, Advent Technologies A/S entered into a Cooperation Agreement with EUDP, sponsored by the Danish Energy Agency, for
the Cobra Drive projects. This purpose of this projects is to advance the reformed methanol fuel cell technology to a level where it
can replace diesel engines in light commercial vehicles. Per the terms of the Cooperation Agreement, Advent Technologies A/S can be reimbursed
up to 40 of the research and development costs incurred on component development for the mobility market. The agreement is in effect
until January 2025. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, in reimbursements
related to the project which is included as income from grants on the consolidated statement of operations. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Company had receivables related to project of million and million, respectively, included within prepaid expenses
and other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Advent
Technologies S.A. and Helical Systems for Chiral Organic Light Emitting Diodes HEL4CHIROLED Project 

In
January 2020 Advent Technologies S.A became a partner in the European Union EU funded HEL4CHIROLED Project. The
aim of the project is to improving organic light-emitting diodes (OLEDs) in Europe by training early-career researchers. The project
aims to develop new thinking in OLED technologies, developing new material sets and approaches that take advantage of emerging technologies
to improve the performance of displays based on OLEDs. Per the terms of the project, Advent Technologies S.A. was reimbursed for 0.2
million of research and development costs. The project ends in September 2023. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized thousand and million, respectively, in reimbursements
related to the project which is included as income from grants on the consolidated statement of operations. 

Advent
Technologies GmbH and the HT-PEM2 Project 

In
January 2020, Advent Technologies GmbH entered into an agreement with the German Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate
Action as the project coordinator for the HT-PEM2 Project. The projects aim is to develop long-term stable membrane-electrode units with
reduced platinum contents for the HT-PEM fuel cell use in power stationary units. Under this agreement, Advent Technologies GmbH is eligible
for reimbursements up to 0.3 million of research and development costs related to the HT-PEM2 Project. The project ended on December 31,
2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, in reimbursements
related to the project which is included as income from grants on the consolidated statement of operations. 

Advent
Technologies GmbH / Advent Technologies A/S and The Industrialization of Power Generation with High-Temperature Proton Exchange Membrane HT-PEM or HT-PEMs Fuel Cell and Integrated Methanol Reformer Project ISEHM Project 

In
September 2020, Advent Technologies GmbH entered into an agreement with the German Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate
Action as the project coordinator for the ISEHM Project. The aim of the project is to enable the marketable series production of 5kW
power generators with fuel cell technology, based on HT-PEMs and an integrated methanol reformer. The project is in coordination with
a consortium of partners including Advent Technologies A/S. The term of the ISEHM Project is from September 2020 through September 2023
and has a total budget of 5.4 million. The project partners can be reimbursed for expenses related to research and development
up to 30 of the total budget. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, in reimbursements
related to the project which is included as income from grants on the consolidated statement of operations. 

Advent
Technologies GmbH and Innovation Competition for Climate-Neutral Production Using Industry 4.0 Solutions Project 

In
June 2022, Advent Technologies GmbH signed an agreement with the State Parliament of Baden-W rttemberg and the Ministry of
Economics, Labor, and Tourism to lead a consortium of partners for the innovation competition for climate-neutral production using industry
4.0 solutions. The project aim is to reduce waste production of fuel cell stacks through imaging quality control of the bipolar plates.
Advent Technologies GmbH is eligible to receive reimbursements up to 0.1 million related to research and development related to
the project. The project s term is through fiscal year 2023. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized thousand in reimbursements related to the project which is included
as income from grants on the consolidated statement of operations. 

Advent
Technologies S.A. and Ni-Based Ferromagnetic Coatings with Enhanced Efficiency to Replace Pt in Energy Digital Storage Applications
Project NICKEFFECT Project 

In
June 2022 Advent Technologies S.A became a partner in the European Union EU funded NICKEFFECT Project. The aim of
the project is to find alternatives to platinum group metals PGMs to replace PGMs in key applications as electrolysers
electrodes, fuel cell catalysts and magneto-electronic devices. NICKEFFECT will develop and validate at least 3 new materials, together
with the coating methodologies (including process modelling) and decision support tools for materials selection (integrating safe and
sustainable by design criteria and materials modelling). Per the terms of the project, Advent Technologies S.A. can be reimbursed up
to 0.4 million of research and development costs. The project ends in May 2026. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized million in reimbursements related to the project which is included
as income from grants on the consolidated statement of operations. As of December 31, 2022, million was included as deferred
income from grants, current on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Advent
Technologies S.A. and GreenSkills4H2 - The European Hydrogen Skills Alliance Project GreenSkills4H2 Project 

In
July 2022 Advent Technologies S.A became a partner in the European Union EU funded GreenSkills4H2 Project. The aim
of the project is to bring together key industry and education stakeholders from across the European hydrogen sector to promote investments
and stimulate clean hydrogen production and use. Per the terms of the project, Advent Technologies S.A. can be reimbursed up to 0.1
million or 80 of eligible of research and development costs. The project ends in May 2026. 

As
of December 31, 2022, thousand was included as deferred income from grants, non-current on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Advent
Technologies S.A. and Liquid Fuel Electrochemical Generators Project Li.F.E. Project 

In
September 2022 Advent Technologies S.A became a partner in the European Union EU funded Li.F.E. Project. The aims
of the project are to improve and validate the next generation liquid fuel electrochemical engine technology for power generation and
mobility, especially marine, create partnerships with Tier-1 and original equipment manufacturers, lead the transition e-fuels for the
transport sector and provide zero-emission vehicles through the most environmentally friendly fuel cell stacks. Per the terms of the
project, Advent Technologies S.A. can be reimbursed up to 1.9 million or 70 of eligible of research and development costs. The project
ends in August 2024. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized million in reimbursements related to the project which is included
as income from grants on the consolidated statement of operations. 

As
of December 31, 2022, million was included within deferred income from grants, current on the consolidated balance sheet. 

Advent
Technologies S.A. and Next Generation of Improved High Temperature Membrane Electrode Assembly for Aviation Project NIMPHEA Project 

In
December 2022 Advent Technologies S.A became a partner in the European Union EU funded NIMPHEA Project. The aim
of the project is to develop a new-generation HT MEA compatible with aircraft environment and requirements, considering a system size
of 1.5 MW and contributing to higher level FC targets: a power density of 1.25 W/cm at nominal operating temperature comprised
between 160 C-200 C. MEA components upscale synthesis and assembly process will be assessed by identifying process parameters
and improved through an iterative process with lab-scale MEA tests. Advent SA can be reimbursed up to 0.8 million of research and development
costs. The project ends in December 2026. 

The
project did not have any impact on consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Advent
Technologies S.A. and Electrochemical Conversion of CO2 into Added Value Products via Highly Selective Bimetallic Materials and Innovative
Process Design Network ECOMATES Network 

In
February 2023 Advent Technologies S.A became a partner in the European Union EU funded ECOMATES network which gathers
large European universities, international research laboratories, and other enterprises for cutting-edge Membrane Electrode Assemblies MEA or MEAs research. Per the terms of the project, Advent Technologies S.A. can be reimbursed up to 0.2
million of eligible of research and development costs. The project ends in January 2027. 

The
project did not have any impact on consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Advent
assesses its income tax positions and records tax benefits for all years subject to examination based on the evaluation of the facts,
circumstances, and information available at each reporting date. For those tax positions with a greater than 50 percent likelihood of
being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information, Advent records a
tax benefit. For those income tax positions that are not likely to be sustained, no tax benefit is recognized in the consolidated financial
statements. Advent recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as part of the provision for income taxes. 

ASC
740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions
taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be
sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. For those income tax positions that are not likely to be sustained, no tax benefit
is recognized in the consolidated financial statements. Advent recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as
part of the provision for income taxes. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net income tax benefits (provisions) of 2.0 million and 0.9 million, respectively,
have been recorded in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could
result in significant accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing
authorities. 

The
Company and its U.S. subsidiaries may be subject to potential examination by U.S. federal, state and city, while the Company s
subsidiaries outside U.S. may be subject to potential examination by their taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential
examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance
with the U.S. federal, state and city, and tax laws in the countries where business activities of Company s subsidiaries are conducted.
On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 Tax Reform was signed into legislation. As part of the legislation,
the U.S. corporate income tax rate was reduced from 35 to 21 , among other changes. 

As
of December 31, 2021, the Company recorded deferred tax assets of million and deferred tax liabilities of million arising
from the acquisition of its subsidiaries FES and SerEnergy. 

of the participant s pre-tax contribution up to a maximum of of the participant s
eligible earnings for U.S employees. Total expense related to the Company s defined contribution plan was million and 
million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Defined
Benefit Plans 

Under
Greek labor law, employees are entitled to staff leaving indemnity in the event of dismissal or retirement with the amount of payment
varying in relation to the employee s compensation, length of service and manner of termination (dismissed or retired). Employees
who resign or are dismissed with cause are not entitled to staff leaving indemnity. Staff retirement obligations are calculated at the
present value of the future retirement benefits deemed to have accrued at year-end, based on the employees earning retirement benefit
rights accumulated throughout the working period in accordance with the Greek Labor Law 2112/1920. 

The
provision for retirement obligations is classified as defined benefit plan under ASC 715-30 and is based on an actuarial valuation. Net
costs for the period are separately reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive loss consist of the present
value of benefits earned in the year, interest cost on the benefit obligation, past service cost and gains or losses on curtailment.
Past service costs are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations on the earlier of the date of plan amendment and the date
that the Company recognizes restructuring or termination costs. Actuarial gains or losses are recognized immediately in the consolidated
balance sheets with a corresponding debit or credit to equity through other comprehensive income (loss) in the period in which they occur.
Re-measurements are not reclassified to profit and loss in subsequent periods. 

warrants, each exercisable to purchase one 
share of common stock at an exercise price of 
per share, originally sold to AMCI Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor in a private placement consummated in connection with
AMCI s initial public offering (the Private Placement Warrants and the 
warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 
per share, converted from the Sponsor s non-interest bearing loan to the Company of million in connection with the
closing of the Business Combination (the Working Capital Warrants (Note 14). The Private Placement Warrants and the
Working Capital Warrants have substantially the same terms as the warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of
common stock at an exercise price of per share, issued by AMCI in its initial public offering (the Public
Warrants ). 

The
following tables summarize the fair value of the Company s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Liabilities 

Warrant
 liability 

As
 of 
December 31, 
2021 
 
 (Amounts
 in thousands) 
 Fair
 Value 
 Unobservable
 Inputs 
 (Level 3) 
 
 Liabilities 

Warrant
 liability 

As
of December 31, 2021, the Company did not hold any assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 

The
carrying amounts of the Company s remaining financial instruments reflected on the consolidated balance sheets and which consist
of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivables, net, other current assets, trade and other payables, and other current liabilities,
approximate their respective fair values due to their short-term nature. 

Changes
in the fair value of Level 3 assets and liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

- 
 
 Foreign
 exchange fluctuations 
 
 - 
 
 Change
 in estimated fair value 
 - 
 - 
 
 Estimated
 fair value (end of period) 
 
 - 

Warrant
 Liability 
 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 For
 the 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 For
 the 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 Estimated
 fair value (beginning of period) 
 
 - 
 
 Estimated
 fair value of warrant issuance 
 - 

Change
 in estimated fair value 

Estimated
 fair value (end of period) 

The
Warrant Liability is remeasured to its fair value at each reporting period and upon settlement. The change in fair value is recognized
in Fair value change of warrant liability on the consolidated statements of operations. 

The
estimated fair value of the Private Placement Warrants and the Working Capital Warrants (each as defined below) is determined using Level
3 inputs by using the Black-Scholes model. The application of the Black-Scholes model requires the use of a number of inputs and significant
assumptions including volatility. Significant judgment is required in determining the expected volatility of our common stock. Due to
the limited history of trading of our common stock, we determined expected volatility based on a peer group of publicly traded companies. 

The
following tables provide quantitative information regarding Level 3 fair value measurement inputs as of their measurement date December 31,
2022: 

Discount
 Rate 

Remaining
 term (in years) 

Warrant
 Liability 
 
 Stock
 price 

Exercise
 price (strike price) 

Risk-free
 interest rate 

Volatility 

Remaining
 term (in years) 

The
Company performs routine procedures such as comparing prices obtained from independent source to ensure that appropriate fair values
are recorded. 

 major customers that each represented more than 10 of our accounts receivable balance.
As of December 31, 2021, the Company had two major customer that represented more than 10 of our accounts receivable balance. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had two major customers that each represented more than 10 of its revenues, on
an individual basis, and together represented approximately million or of its total revenues. During the year ended December 31,
2021, the Company had three major customers that each represented more than 10 of its revenues, on an individual basis, and together
represented approximately million or of its total revenues. 

ii) Supply
 risk 

 The
Company obtains a limited number of components and supplies included in its products from a small group of suppliers. During the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have suppliers who accounted for more than 10 of its total purchases. 

Recently
issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted: 

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses of Financial
Instruments, which, amends the requirement on the measurement and recognition of expected credit losses for financial assets held. Furthermore,
amendments, ASU 2019-10 and ASU 2019-11 provided additional clarification for implementing ASU 2016-13. ASU 2016-13 is effective for
the Company beginning January 1, 2023, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the
effect of this guidance on the consolidated financial statements. 

. The Closing Net Indebtedness was based solely on estimates determined shortly prior to the
closing and was not subject to any post-closing true-up or adjustment. 

Upon
the closing of the Business Combination, AMCI s certificate of incorporation was amended and restated to, among other things, authorize
the issuance of shares, of which shares are shares of common stock, par value per share and 
shares are shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value per share. 

In
connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, AMCI entered into separate subscription agreements with a number
of investors (each a Subscriber ), pursuant to which the Subscribers agreed to purchase, and AMCI agreed to sell to the
Subscribers, an aggregate of shares of common stock, for a purchase price of per share and an aggregate purchase price
of million, in a private placement pursuant to the subscription agreements (the PIPE ). The PIPE investment closed
simultaneously with the consummation of the Business Combination. 

The
Business Combination is accounted for as a reverse recapitalization in accordance with GAAP. Under this method of accounting, AMCI was
treated as the acquired company for financial reporting purposes. See Note 1 Basis of Presentation in the
accompanying consolidated financial statements for further details. Accordingly, for accounting purposes, the Business Combination was
treated as the equivalent of Legacy Advent issuing stock for the net assets of AMCI, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets
of AMCI are stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. 

The
following table reconciles the elements of the Business Combination to the consolidated statement of cash flows and the consolidated
statement of changes in equity for the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Cash
 PIPE plus interest 

Less
 transaction costs and advisory fees paid 

Less
 non-cash warrant liability assumed 

Net
 Business Combination and PIPE financing 

The
number of shares of common stock issued immediately following the consummation of the Business Combination: 

Less
 Redemption of AMCI shares 

Class
 B Common Stock of AMCI, outstanding prior to Business Combination 

Shares
 issued in PIPE 

Business
 Combination and PIPE financing shares 

Legacy
 Advent Shares 

Total
 shares of Common Stock immediately after Business Combination 

(b) UltraCell,
 LLC 

 On
February 18, 2021 (the acquisition date ), pursuant to the terms and conditions of the UltraCell Purchase Agreement,
the Company acquired 100 of the issued and outstanding membership units of UltraCell from Bren-Tronics, Inc. The results of UltraCell s
operations have been included in the consolidated financial statements since the acquisition date. 

The
Company has assessed provisions in ASC 805 and concluded that the UltraCell acquisition should be accounted as an acquisition of a business.
The Company evaluated whether substantially all the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable
asset or a group of similar identifiable assets and concluded that it is not. Since the substantially all threshold is
not met, the Company further assessed whether the set acquired includes an input and a substantive process that together significantly
contribute to the ability to create outputs. Following its assessment, the Company concluded that the minimum requirements to define
UltraCell as a business are met. 

UltraCell
is an entity specialized in lightweight fuel cells for the portable power market with mature products and cutting-edge technology. 

The
acquisition consideration transferred totaled million, of which million was cash and million was the fair value of the
contingent consideration. The contingent consideration arrangement required the Company to pay million of additional cash to UltraCell s
former holders of membership interests, if UltraCell entered into certain customer arrangements for sales of products prior to June 30,
2021. On April 16, 2021, Advent paid the additional consideration based on UltraCell achieving completion of the terms of the contingent
consideration. 

Assets
and liabilities at acquisition 

The
assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition were as follows (amounts in thousands): 

Other
 current assets 

Total
 current assets 

Non-current
 assets 

Total
 assets 

Current
 liabilities 

Non-current
 liabilities 
 - 
 
 Total
 liabilities 

Net
 assets acquired 

Goodwill
arising on acquisition 

Cost
 of investment 

Less:
 Net assets value 

Consideration
 to be allocated 

Fair
 value adjustment - New intangibles 

Trade
 name UltraCell 

Patented
 technology 

Total
 intangibles acquired 

Remaining
 Goodwill 

The
fair value of the assets acquired, and liabilities assumed was based on a Purchase Price Allocation of UltraCell LLC conducted by an
independent third party. The intangible assets recognized are the Trade Name UltraCell and the Patented Technology. The
fair value measurement of the intangible assets has been performed by applying a combination of market, cost and income approach methods.
The Trade Name was valued with the Relief-from-royalty method, which combines market income approaches. The royalty rate used for
the valuation of the Trade Name was , which was determined from the market using databases from completed transactions at a global
level while the discount rate used was . The Patented Technology was valued with the multi period excess earnings method, which
is an income approach. The discount rate used for the valuation of the Patented Technology was . The Trade Name has an indefinite
useful life while the Patented Technology has a useful life of years. 

Included
in goodwill is the value of assembled workforce, which under FASB ASC topic 805, does not meet either the contractual-legal or the separability
criterion in order to be separately valued as an intangible asset. As part of the acquisition, the Company acquired fully trained personnel
thereby avoiding the expenditure that would have been required to hire and train equivalent personnel. Therefore, the assemblage cost
avoided method was considered the most appropriate method for the valuation of the assembled workforce. The assembled workforce was valued
at million and has been included in goodwill. 

Goodwill
is deductible for tax purposes. 

(c)
Acquisition of SerEnergy and FES 

Effective
on August 31, 2021, pursuant to the previously announced Share Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement ), dated
as of June 25, 2021, by and between the Company and F.E.R. fischer Edelstahlrohre GmbH, a limited liability company incorporated
under the Laws of Germany (the Seller ), the Company acquired (the Acquisition all of the issued and outstanding
equity interests in SerEnergy A/S, a Danish stock corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Seller SerEnergy and
fischer eco solutions GmbH, a German limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Seller FES together
with certain outstanding shareholder loan receivables. The shareholder loans became intercompany at closing and were eliminated in consolidation. 

The
Company has assessed provisions in ASC 805 and concluded that the Acquisition should be accounted as an acquisition of a business. The
Company evaluated whether substantially all the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset
or a group of similar identifiable assets and concluded that it is not. Since the substantially all threshold is not met,
the Company further assessed whether the set acquired includes an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute
to the ability to create outputs. Following its assessment, the Company concluded that the minimum requirements to define SerEnergy and
FES as a business are met. 

The
results of the SerEnergy s and FES s operations have been included in the consolidated financial statements since the acquisition
date. 

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, the Company acquired SerEnergy and FES, the fuel cell systems business of fischer Group. SerEnergy is a leading
manufacturer of high-temperature polymer electrolyte membrane HT-PEM fuel cells and operates facilities in Aalborg, Denmark and in Manila,
Philippines. FES operates in Achern, Germany and provides fuel-cell stack assembly and testing as well as the production of critical
fuel cell components, including membrane electrode assemblies, bipolar plates and reformers. 

As consideration
for the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, the Company paid to the Seller million million) in cash
and issued shares of common stock of the Company to the Seller (the Share Consideration on August 31, 2021. The
Share Consideration was capped to shares representing of the Company s common stock outstanding as of the completion (taking
into account the common stock issued as Share Consideration). An additional amount of million, representing cash on the balance sheet
of the acquired businesses at closing, was a portion of the total consideration in the transaction and subject to finalization by an audit
of the acquired businesses. A liability to the seller offsetting the cash acquired is included within Other current liabilities 
(Note 12) on the consolidated balance sheets. 

In conjunction with
the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the audit of the effective date (closing date) balance sheets of the acquired businesses was completed
in the fourth quarter of 2022. 

Assets
and liabilities at acquisition 

The
assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition were as follows (amounts in thousands): 

Other
 current assets 

Total
 current assets 

Non-current
 assets 

Total
 assets 

Current
 liabilities 

Non-current
 liabilities 

Total
 liabilities 

Net
 assets acquired 

Goodwill
arising on acquisition 

Cost
 of investment 

Cash
 consideration 

Share
 consideration 

Total
 cost of investment 

Less:
 Net assets value 

Original
 excess purchase price 

Fair
 value adjustments 

Real
 Property 

New
 intangibles: 

Patents 

Process
 know-how (IPR D) 

Order
 backlog 

Total
 intangibles acquired 

Deferred
 tax liability arising from the recognition of intangibles and real property valuation 

Deferred
 tax assets on tax losses carried forward 

Remaining
 Goodwill 

The
fair value of the assets acquired, and liabilities assumed was based on a Purchase Price Allocation of SerEnergy and FES conducted by
an independent third party. 

The
acquired businesses specialize in the manufacturing of hydrogen fuel cell systems and align with Advent s ability to provide clean
power in the stationary, remote, portable and off-grid markets under the Any Fuel. Anywhere. value proposition. The Company s
ability to deliver hydrogen through liquid fuels allows it to have immediate market opportunity today, without having to wait for the
global hydrogen infrastructure to develop. The acquisitions also accelerate the Company s strategy to cover the full vertical supply
chain with its products and puts the Company in a competitive position to deliver reliable, efficient and cost-effective fuel cell systems
with a new product portfolio of the latest high temperature-PEM fuel cells covering a range of W to kW systems. The acquisitions
also make Advent a leading manufacturer of high temperature fuel cells across Europe and Asia. Expanding the business in Europe and Asia
is a strategic move and allows the Company to have well-placed production capabilities and market penetration. 

Included
in goodwill is the value of assembled workforce, which under FASB ASC topic 805, does not meet either the contractual-legal or the separability
criterion in order to be separately valued as an intangible asset. As part of the Acquisition, the Company acquired fully trained personnel
thereby avoiding the expenditure that would have been required to hire and train equivalent personnel. The assembled workforce included
in goodwill was valued at million applying the cost approach. 

Goodwill
is not deductible for tax purposes. 

Intangible
assets 

The
intangible assets recognized on the acquisition of SerEnergy and FES are as follows: 

Patents 

Two
 groups of patents are assumed to be the most significant drivers of future cash flows. The patents relate to improvements in
gaskets, bipolar plates and cooling plates for fuel cells. The fair value of patents was determined by applying the multi-period
excess earnings method which is an income approach. The discount rate used for the valuation of patents was .
Patents are amortized over years since management assumes, that these groups of patents will continue to drive cash flows for 
years, after which new patents will be of more relevance. 

Process
know-how (IPR D) 

SerEnergy
and FES are currently developing cost reduction initiatives (unpatented know-how) related to membrane electrode assembly, bipolar plates,
gaskets, burner/reformer and electronics. This IPR D is evaluated as a significant asset for the business as it will allow significant
cost reduction leading to higher profits in the future. These cost reductions are expected to be introduced beginning in 2023. The multi-period
excess earnings method was applied to calculate the fair value of this asset. The discount rate used for the valuation of IPR D was
 . IPR D is amortized over its useful life of years, being the average timespan of a generation of fuel cell modules. 

Order
backlogs 

Order
backlogs recognized are in respect of two main customers of SerEnergy. The assessment of this asset was based on the total amount
of order backlog attributable to these customers. The fair value was determined applying the income approach. Resulting cash flows
after tax were discounted to present value by a minimal discount rate as the backlog s timespan is less than a
year. 

outstanding balances with related parties as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Transactions
with related parties 

Related
parties transactions are in the normal course of operations and are measured at the amount of consideration established and agreed
to by related parties. 

The
Company executives, Vassilios Gregoriou, Christos Kaskavelis, Emory De Castro, James Coffey and former Chief Financial Officer, William
Hunter, each received a signing bonus and transaction bonus upon the consummation of the merger in an aggregate amount of million,
which is included in administrative and selling expenses in the statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Less:
 Allowance for credit losses 

Accounts
 receivable, net 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, changes in the allowance for credit losses were as follows: 

Additions 

Assumed
 at business combination 
 - 

Income
 from unused provisions 
 
 - 
 
 Utilized
 provisions during the year 
 - 

Foreign
 exchange fluctuations 

Balance
 at end of year 

Work-in-process 

Finished
 goods 

Total 

Provision
 for slow moving inventory 

Total 

The
changes in the provision for slow moving inventory is as follows: 

- 
 
 Additions 
 
 - 
 
 Assumed
 at business combination 
 - 

Foreign
 exchange fluctuations 

Balance
 at end of year 

Prepaid
 research expenses 

Prepaid
 rent expenses 

Other
 prepaid expenses 

Total 

Prepaid
insurance expenses as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 mainly include prepayments to insurers for directors and officers 
insurance services for liabilities that may arise in their capacity as directors and officers of a public entity. 

Prepaid
research expenses as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 mainly relate to prepayments for expenses under the Cooperative Research and
Development Agreement as discussed in Note 19. 

Other
prepaid expenses as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 mainly include prepayments for professional fees and purchases. 

Other
current assets are analyzed as follows: 

Withholding
 tax 

Grant
 receivable 

Purchases
 under receipt 

Guarantees 

Other
 receivables 

Accrued
 interest income 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

On
March 8, 2021, the Company entered into a lease agreement for square feet for use as a product development and manufacturing
center at Hood Park in Charlestown, MA. Under the terms of the lease, the Company was reimbursed by the lessor for up to million
of expenses related to the design and construction of the Company s workspace. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company received million of reimbursable expenses from the lessor. As of December 31, 2021, other receivables include an amount
of million relating to the expenses reimbursable by the lessor. 

million related to the acquisitions of UltraCell, SerEnergy, and FES, which
is analyzed as follows: 

Goodwill
 on acquisition of SerEnergy and FES (Note 3c) 

Total
 goodwill 

The
Company performed a qualitative analysis for fiscal year 2022 and determined that triggering events for two of the Company s reporting
units, UltraCell and SerEnergy / FES, had occurred which would require testing goodwill and long-lived assets, including definite-lived
intangibles, for impairment. 

The
Company considered the triggering events related to current and expected future economic and market conditions and their impact on the
Company, as well as the current revenue forecasts. Given certain market factors, the Company determined that these triggering events
had occurred and would require a quantitative analysis to be performed. 

As
a part of the impairment assessment, the Company reviewed significant fair value input assumptions including revenues, margin, and capital
expenditures to reflect current market conditions. Other changes in valuation assumptions included increases in interest rates and market
volatility, resulting in higher discount rates. 

UltraCell
Reporting Unit 

In
the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company updated the forecasted future cash flows of UltraCell used in the fair value measurement of the
intangible assets and goodwill using a combination of market, cost and income approach methods. The royalty rate used for the valuation
of the Trade Name was 1.3 , which was determined from the market using databases from completed transactions at a global level while
the discount rate increased to 15.0 from 12.6 at the time of the acquisition of UltraCell. The Company determined that the current
fair value of the Trade Name was greater than the current carrying value and therefore did not recognize any impairment during the period.
The Patented Technology was valued with the multi period excess earnings method, which is an income approach. The discount rate used
for the valuation of the Patented Technology increased to 14.0 from 11.6 at the time of acquisition of UltraCell. The Company determined
that the undiscounted cash flows related to the Patented Technology was greater than the current carrying value and therefore did not
recognize any impairment during the period. The Company believes that its updated long-term forecasted cash flows did not indicate that
the fair value of this reporting unit may be below its current carrying value. 

SerEnergy
and FES Reporting Unit 

In
the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company updated the forecasted future cash flows of SerEnergy and FES used in the fair value measurement
of the intangible assets and goodwill using a combination of market, cost and income approach methods. The Company acquired finite-lived
intangible assets, including patents, process know-how, and order backlog as a result of the SerEnergy and FES acquisition. The fair
value of patents was determined by applying the multi-period excess earnings method which is an income approach. The discount rate used
for the valuation of patents increased to 14.4 from 7.2 at the time of SerEnergy and FES acquisition. The Company determined that the
current discounted cash flows related to the patents was 5.3) million which is below the current carry value. As a result, the Company
recorded an impairment charge of 14.6 million related to the patents. The Company determined the undiscounted cash flows attributable
to the IPR D was greater than the current carrying value. As a result, the Company believes that the updated long-term forecast did
not indicate impairment related to IPR D. As of the December 31, 2022, the Company did not hold intangible assets related to
order backlogs. The Company determined that the fair value of the reporting unit was 15.5 million utilizing the updated forecast which
is less than its current carrying value. As a result, the Company recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 24.3 million. 

In
the event there are further adverse changes in the Company s projected cash flows and/or further changes in key assumptions, including
but not limited to an increase in the discount rate, lower market multiples, lower revenue growth, lower margin, and/or a lower terminal
growth rate, the Company may be required to record non-cash impairment charges to its goodwill, other intangibles, and/or long-lived
assets. Such non-cash charges could have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated statement of operations and balance
sheet in the reporting period of the charge. The assessment is sensitive to broader market conditions, including the discount rate and
market multiples, and to the Company s estimated future cash flows. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had goodwill of million: 

- 

Goodwill
 on acquisition of SerEnergy and FES 

Total
 goodwill 

Intangible
Assets 

Information
regarding our intangible assets, including assets recognized from our acquisitions, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

- 
 - 

Total
 indefinite-lived intangible assets 
 
 - 
 - 

Finite-lived
 intangible assets: 

Patents 

Process
 know-how (IPR D) 

- 

Order
 backlog 

- 
 - 
 
 Software 

- 

Total
 finite-lived intangible assets 

Total
 intangible assets 

As
 of December 31, 2021 
 
 (Amounts
 in thousands) 
 Gross
 Carrying 
 Amount 
 Accumulated 
 Amortization 
 Net
 Carrying 
 Amount 
 
 Indefinite-lived
 intangible assets: 

Trade
 name UltraCell 
 
 - 

Total
 indefinite-lived intangible assets 
 
 - 

Finite-lived
 intangible assets: 

Patents 

Process
 know-how (IPR D) 

Order
 backlog 

Software 

Total
 finite-lived intangible assets 

Total
 intangible assets 

The
Company did not record any additions to indefinite-lived intangible assets in the year ended December 31, 2022. In the year ended
December 31, 2021, the Company recorded indefinite-lived intangible assets of million related to the trade name UltraCell. 

In
2021, the Company also recorded 22.9
million (net carrying amount) of amortizing intangible assets, most of which were in connection with the Company s
acquisitions of UltraCell, SerEnergy, and FES. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded 
million of amortizing intangible assets related to software. The amortizing intangible assets consist of patents, process know-how (IPR D) ,
order backlogs, and software which are amortized over 
years, 
years, 
year, and 
years respectively. The amortization expense for the intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was
 
million and 
million, respectively. 

Amortization
expense is recorded on a straight-line basis. Assuming constant foreign currency exchange rates and no change in the gross carrying amount
of the intangible assets, future amortization expense related to the Company s intangible assets subject to amortization as of
December 31, 2022 is expected to be as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Machinery 

Equipment 

Assets
 under construction 

Less:
 accumulated depreciation 

Total 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, additions to property, plant and equipment of million, primarily consisted of assets under
construction related to the Hood Park facility. During the year ended December 31, 2021, additions to property, plant and equipment
of million include leasehold improvements, machinery, office and other equipment and assets under construction. Upon acquisition
of SerEnergy and FES, the Company acquired property and equipment with a net book value of million (Note 3). 

Assets
under construction mainly relate to the design and construction of Company s leased premises at Hood Park in Charlestown, as discussed
in Note 7. Completed assets are transferred to their respective asset classes, and depreciation begins when an asset is ready for its
intended use. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company transferred million of assets under construction to machinery
and equipment. 

Depreciation
expense during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 1.5
 million and 0.6 million
respectively. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a loss of million due to the disposal of machines and equipment no
longer in use at Advent Technologies GmbH s manufacturing facility. At the time of disposal, the machines and equipment had a carrying
value of million and accumulated depreciation of million. The loss is included in other expenses in the statement of operations
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

There
are no collaterals or other commitments on the Company s property, plant and equipment. 

million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, other non-current assets also included the letter of credit
of million related to the Hood Park facility. 

million for executive
severance at December 31, 2021. 

Other
 short-term payables (2) 

Taxes
 and duties payable 

Provision
 for unused vacation 

Accrued
 provision for warranties, current portion (Note 16) 

Social
 security funds 

Overtime
 provision 

Total 

(1)
Accrued expenses are analyzed as follows: 

Accrued
 construction fees 

Accrued
 expenses for legal and consulting fees 

Accrued
 payroll fees 

Other
 accrued expenses 

Total 

Accrued
construction fees as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 relate to accrued fees for the design and construction of the Company s
leased workspace at Hood Park in Charlestown, as discussed in Note 7. Other accrued expenses mainly consist of accrual of staff expenses
and audit fees. 

(2)
Other short-term payables as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 include an amount of million and million,
respectively, which is payable to F.E.R. fischer
Edelstahlrohre GmbH to complete the acquisition of SerEnergy and FES, as discussed in Note 3(c). 

square feet at an initial fixed annual rent of 
million. The term of the lease is for five years (unless terminated as provided in the lease) and commenced on April 1, 2021.
The Company provided security in the form of a security deposit in the amount of million which is included in Other non-current
assets on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Additionally,
the Company s subsidiaries, Advent Technologies S.A., UltraCell LLC, Advent Technologies A/S and Advent Green Energy Philippines,
Inc., have in place rental agreements for the lease of office and factory spaces. 

On
March 8, 2021, the Company entered into a lease for 
square feet as a product development and manufacturing center at Hood Park in Charlestown, MA. Under the terms of the lease, the
Company will pay an initial fixed annual rent of 
million. The lease has a term of eight years and five months ,
with an option to extend for five years, and commenced in October 2022. The Company is obliged to provide security in the
form of a security deposit in the amount of 
million before commencement of the lease. 

On
August 31, 2021, the Company through its wholly-owned subsidiary, FES, entered into a lease agreement by and among the Company,
in its capacity as lessee, and fischer group SE Co. KG, having its registered seat in Achern, in its capacity as lessor. The lease
provides for the rental by the Company of office space, workspace and outdoor laboratory at 77855 Achern, Im Gewerbegebiet 7 for use
by FES. Under the terms of the lease, the Company leases square feet at a monthly basic rate of 7,768 plus VAT. The Company
provided security in the form of a parent guarantee for a maximum amount of 30,000. 

Rental
expense for all operating leases was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, rental expense for short-term leases was million. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the right of use assets, net associated with operating leases was 4.1
 million. 

Other
information related to the operating leases are presented in the following table: 

Weighted
 average remaining lease term (years) 

Weighted
 average discount rate 

As
of December 31, 2022, undiscounted maturities of operating lease liabilities are as follows (amounts in thousands): 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total
 undiscounted lease payments 

Less
 imputed interest 

Total
 discounted lease payments 

Upon adoption of ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic
842), the Company s aggregate annual lease obligations includes leases with reasonably assured renewals. The aggregate minimum
annual lease rentals as of December 31, 2021 for the remaining contractual term of non-cancelable leases under ASC 840 were as follows
(amounts in thousands): 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total 

Private Placement Warrants issued upon AMCI s initial public
offering. In addition, upon the closing of the Business Combination, the working capital loan provided by AMCI s Sponsor to AMCI
was converted into Working Capital Warrants, which were also assumed. The terms of the Working Capital Warrants are the same
as those of the Private Placement Warrants. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had an aggregate of 
Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants outstanding. Each Private Placement Warrant and Working Capital Warrant
entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of Common Stock at a price of 
per share, subject to adjustment, at any time commencing days after the completion of the Business Combination. The Public
Warrants expire five years after the closing of the Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The
Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants, except that the Private Placement Warrants
and Working Capital Warrants and the common stock issuable upon the exercise of those warrants were not transferable, assignable or salable
until days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement
Warrants and Working Capital Warrants are exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial
purchasers or their permitted transferees. If those warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted
transferees, they will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. As of December 31,
2022, the Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants are held by its initial purchasers. 

According
to the provisions of the Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants warrant agreements, the exercise price and number of
shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of those warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a
stock dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants
are classified as liabilities in accordance with the Company s evaluation of the provisions of ASC 815-40-15, which provides that
a warrant is not indexed to the issuer s common stock if the terms of the warrant require an adjustment to the exercise price upon
a specified event and that event is not an input to the fair value of the warrant with a fixed exercise price and fixed number of underlying
shares. 

under the 401(k) Plan aggregated and million for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Employee
Defined Benefit Plans 

Under
Greek labor law, employees are entitled to staff leaving indemnity in the event of dismissal or retirement with the amount of payment
varying in relation to the employee s compensation, length of service and manner of termination (dismissed or retired). Employees
who resign or are dismissed with cause are not entitled to staff leaving indemnity. The provision for retirement obligations is classified
as defined benefit plan under ASC 715-30 and is based on an actuarial valuation. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the defined benefit obligation presented in the consolidated balance sheets was 0.1 
million and 0.1 million, respectively. 

The
changes in the defined benefit obligation for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Interest
 cost 

Service
 cost 

Actuarial
 (gains) / losses 

Foreign
 exchange fluctuations 

Liability
 at end of year 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amounts included in the consolidated statements of operations and in the consolidated
statements of comprehensive income (loss) were as follows: 

Service
 cost 

Total 

Total 

Methodology 

ASC
715 requires that retirement benefit arrangements should be classified as defined benefit or defined contribution plans. Defined contribution
plans are accounted for on a cash basis, i.e., the Net Periodic Benefit Cost in any period is equal to the employer cash contributions.
The accounting treatment of defined benefit plans is more complicated and requires actuarial valuations because the standard requires
the costs of defined benefit plans to be attributed to periods of employee service. 

The
Retirement Indemnities Plan (under Greek Law 4093) has been classified by the Company as unfunded defined benefit plans for ASC 715 accounting
purposes. 

The
actuarial methodology uses an approach which considers the benefits in respect of service completed before the valuation date (past service)
separately from benefits in respect of service expected to be completed after the valuation date (future service). This approach enables
us to determine the defined benefit obligation and the cost of the benefits accruing in the year following the valuation date. 

The
calculation is based on the Projected Unit Credit method. 

Actuarial
Assumptions 

The
actuarial assumptions are the best estimates at the valuation date and are taken into account at the calculation of the Defined Benefit
Obligation. 

The
principal actuarial assumptions used are: 

Future salary increases 

Inflation 

Valuation
 Date 

Demographic
 Assumptions 
 
 December 31,
 
2022 
 
 December 31,
 
2021 

Mortality (1) 

Disability (1) 

Retirement
 age limits (2) 
 
 . 

Turnover (3)

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

Sensitivity
Analysis 

The
sensitivity analysis of defined benefit obligation against changes in principal assumptions is as follows: 

- 
 + 
 
 Annual salary increase 
 
 + 
 - 

million and million, respectively,
being the non-current portion of a total accrued warranty reserve of million and million, respectively. The Company accrues
a warranty reserve of of the sale price of the fuel cells sold, typically for years. Warranty reserve is released when repairs or
replacements are carried out in relation to items under warranties or when the warranty period for the fuel cell expires. The portion
of the warranty reserve expected to be incurred within the next 12 months is included within Other current liabilities (Note 12), while
the remaining balance is included within Other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 

shares for issuance with shares designated as
common stock, par value per share and shares designated as preferred stock, par value per share. 

Common
Stock 

On
April 9, 2021, shares of common stock were issued in connection with the exercise of public warrants discussed below. 

On
August 31, 2021, shares of common stock were issued in connection with the share consideration for the acquisition of
SerEnergy and FES discussed in Note 3(c). 

On
April 29, 2022, shares of common stock were issued in connection with the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the
 Plan ). 

On
May 5, 2022, shares of common stock were issued in connection with the Plan. 

On
June 13, 2022, shares of common stock were issued in connection with the Plan. 

On
June 29, 2022, shares of common stock were issued in connection with the Plan. 

On
August 26, 2022, shares of common stock were issued in connection with the Plan. 

On
September 2, 2022, shares of common stock were issued in connection with the Plan. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were and shares of issued and outstanding common stock
with a par value of per share, respectively. 

Public
Warrants 

In
connection with the Business Combination, the Company assumed the Public Warrants issued upon AMCI s initial public offering. 

As
of December 31, 2020, the Company had Public Warrants outstanding. Each Public Warrant entitles the registered holder
to purchase one share of common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment, at any time commencing 30 days after the
completion of the Business Combination. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of the Business Combination or
earlier upon redemption or liquidation. During the second quarter of 2021, certain warrant holders exercised their option to purchase
an additional shares at per share. These exercises generated additional proceeds to the Company and increased
the Company s shares outstanding by shares. Following these exercises, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s
Public Warrants amounted to . 

Once
the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of per warrant; 

upon
 not less than days prior written notice of redemption; 

if,
 and only if, the reported last sale price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds
 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business
 days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and 

if,
 and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares
 of common stock underlying such warrants. 

 If
the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the
Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of shares
of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend,
or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuance of common stock
at a price below its exercise price. In addition, the warrant agreement provides that in case of a tender offer or exchange that involves
50 or more of the Company s stockholders, the Public Warrants may be settled in cash, equity securities or other assets depending
on the kind and amount received per share by the holders of the common stock in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make
such election. 

The
Public Warrants are classified in equity in accordance with the Company s evaluation of the provisions of ASC 480 and ASC 815.
The Company analyzed the terms of the Public Warrants and concluded that there are no terms that provide that the warrant is not indexed
to the issuer s common stock. The Company also analyzed the tender offer provision discussed above and considering that upon the
Closing of the Business Combination the Company has a single class of common shares, concluded that the exception discussed in ASC 815-40-25
applies, and thus equity classification is not precluded. 

Stock-Based
Compensation Plans 

2021
Equity Incentive Plan 

The
Company s Board of Directors and shareholders previously approved the Plan to reward certain employees and directors of the Company.
The Plan has been established to advance the interests of the Company by providing for the grant to Participants of Stock and Stock-based
Awards. The maximum number of shares of common stock that may be delivered in satisfaction of Awards under the Plan is shares. 

Stock
Options 

Pursuant
to and subject to the terms of the Plan the Company entered into separate Stock Option Agreements with each participant according to
which each participant is granted an option (the Stock Option to purchase up to a specific number of shares of common
stock set forth in each agreement with an exercise price equal to the market price of Company s common stock at the date of grant.
Stock Options have been granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 as follows: 

Granted on July 12, 2022 

Granted on September 7, 2022 

Total stock options granted in 2022 

The
following table presents the assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the stock options as of the Grant Date: 

Risk-free rate 

Time to maturity 
 years 
 years 
 years 

The
Stock Options are granted to each participant in connection with their employment with the Company. The Stock Options vest on a
graded basis over four years. The Company has a policy of recognizing compensation cost on a straight-line basis over the total
requisite service period for the stock options. The Company recognized compensation cost of million and million in respect
of Stock Options granted, which is included in administrative and selling expenses in the consolidated statement of operations for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company also has a policy of accounting for forfeitures when they
occur. 

The
following table summarizes the activities for the Company s unvested stock options for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested as of December 31, 2022 

years 
 - 

(1) 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options. This amount is
expected to be recognized over the remaining vesting period of stock options. 

Restricted
Stock Units 

Pursuant
to and subject to the terms of the Plan the Company entered into separate Restricted Stock Units RSUs with each
participant. On the grant date of RSUs, the Company grants to each participant a specific number of RSUs as set forth in each
agreement, giving each participant the conditional right to receive without payment one 
share of common stock. The RSUs are granted to each participant in connection with their ongoing employment with the Company. The
Company has in place Restricted Stock Unit Agreements that vest within one year and Restricted Stock Unit Agreements that vest on
a graded basis over four 
years. The Company has a policy of recognizing compensation cost on a straight-line basis over the total requisite service period.
The Company recognized compensation cost of 
million and 
million in respect of RSUs, which is included in administrative and selling expenses in the consolidated statement of operations for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company also has a policy of accounting for forfeitures when they
occur. 

Restricted
Stock Units have been granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 as follows: 

Granted on June 8, 2022 

Granted on July 12, 2022 

Granted on September 7, 2022 

Total restricted stock units granted in 2022 

The
following table summarizes the activities for our unvested RSUs for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested as of December 31, 2022 

years 

(1) 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs. This amount is expected
to be recognized over the remaining vesting period of Restricted Stock Unit Agreements. 

Accumulated
Other Comprehensive Loss 

Other
comprehensive income (loss) is defined as other changes in stockholders equity that do not represent transactions with stockholders
or in the Company s stock. Changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss were as follows: 

- 

Other comprehensive (loss) 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Other comprehensive (loss) 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Sales of services 

Total revenue from contracts with customers 

The
timing of revenue recognition is analyzed as follows: 

(Amounts in thousands) 
 Years Ended 
 December 31, 
 
 Timing of revenue recognition 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue recognized at a point in time 

Revenue recognized over time 

Total revenue from contracts with customers 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Advent recognized contract assets of million and million, respectively, on the consolidated
balance sheets. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Advent recognized contract liabilities of million and million, respectively, in the consolidated
balance sheets. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized the amount of million and million
in revenues. 

The
aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to the performance obligations that are unsatisfied as of December 31, 2022
and 2021 are and million, respectively. 

million,
subject to available funding. As a part of the CRADA, the Company is required to contribute million in cash and million of
in-kind contributions, such as personnel salaries. The cash payments are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over the
life of the contract. In-kind contributions are expensed as incurred. To date, the Company has not recognized any revenue from the CRADA. 

Expenses
from Collaborative Arrangements 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 an amount of million and million, respectively, has been recognized in research
and development expenses line on the consolidated statements of operations. 

million. As a part of this transaction, Advent SA offered 
million in bond loans with an annual interest rate of .
The term of the loan is three years and there is a surcharge of 
for overdue interest. 

Cyrus
business relates to the research and experimental development in natural sciences and mechanics, the construction of pumps and hydrogen
compressors and the wholesale of compressors. Hydrogen compressors are critical part of the Hydrogen Refueling Stations (HRS) to be used
by transport applications. Cyrus has developed a prototype Metal Hydride Compressor which offers unique advantages. The proceeds from
the Bond Loan are to cover Cyrus s working capital needs in the context of its operation and the product development. 

Mandatory
conversion of the Bond Loan will occur in the event of qualified financing which is equivalent to a share capital increase by Cyrus in
the first three years from the execution of the Bond Loan agreement with a total amount over 3 million which is covered by third
parties unrelated to the basic shareholders or by investors related to them. 

Foreign 

Total
 loss before income taxes 

The
components of income tax provision (benefit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Deferred 

Total international income tax (benefit) provision 

Total income tax (benefit) provision 

Income
tax (benefit) provision differs from the amount that would be provided by applying the statutory U.S. corporate income tax rate of 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 due to the following items: 

Effect of state tax 

Effect of valuation allowance 

Warranty Liability 

Effect of non-US income tax rates 

Officers Compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 Effect of non-deductible expenses 
 - 
 - 
 
 Transaction expenses 

Credits 
 - 
 - 
 
 Impairment 
 
 - 
 
 Stock compensation 

Other, net 

Total income tax (benefit) provision 

Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the anticipated future tax effects of temporary differences between the financial statement
basis and the tax basis of the Company s assets and liabilities at the applicable tax rates in effect. The principal components
of Company s deferred tax assets (liabilities) as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 include the following: 

Reserves and accruals 

Stock compensation 

Lease Liability 
 
 - 
 
 Sec 174 Cap 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Total deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 

Less: Valuation Allowance 

Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred Tax Liabilities: 

Fixed assets 

Lease ROA 
 
 - 
 
 Intangibles 

Other 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets/(liabilities) 
 - 

A
valuation allowance for deferred tax assets is recorded when it is more likely than not that some or all of the benefit from the deferred
tax asset will not be realized. The Company provides a valuation allowance to offset deferred tax assets for net operating losses incurred
during the year and for other deferred tax assets where, in the Company s opinion, it is more likely than not that the financial
statement benefit of these losses will not be realized. The Company s valuation allowance increased by approximately million
during the year ended December 31, 2022 mainly due to net operating losses generated during the period. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of million and million,
respectively, which may be used to offset future taxable income, if any. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had U.S. federal and
state net operating loss carryforwards of million and million, respectively, which may be used to offset future taxable income,
if any. The Company s U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2033 and the U.S. federal net
operating losses generated in 2018- 2022 can be carried forward indefinitely. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had U.S. federal
and state credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively, which may be used to offset future taxable income, if
any. The Company s U.S. federal and state credit carryforwards begin to expire in 2043. The Company s ability to utilize
these net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards may be limited in the future if the Company experiences an ownership
change pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 382 and 383. An ownership change occurs when the ownership percentages of 5 or
greater stockholders change by more than 50 over a three-year period. 

The
Company also has net operating loss carryforwards in Greece of approximately million that begin to expire in 2026, in Denmark of
approximately million that can be carried forward indefinitely, in Germany of approximately million that can be carried forward
indefinitely, and in Philippines of approximately million that begin to expire in 2025. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 0.1
million of gross unrecognized tax benefits, which would impact the effective tax rate, if recognized. A reconciliation of
unrecognized tax benefits is as follows: 

Increase in tax positions for current year 
 - 
 - 
 
 Decrease in tax positions for prior year 
 - 
 - 
 
 Lapse in statute of limitations 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance at end of year 

The
Company s policy is to classify interest and penalties, if any, as components of the income tax provision in the consolidated statement
of operations. The Company has t recorded any interest or penalty in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company considers
many factors when evaluating and estimating its tax positions and the impact on income tax expense, which may require periodic adjustments,
and which may not accurately anticipate actual outcomes. It is reasonably possible that the amount of the unrecognized benefit with respect
to certain of the Company s unrecognized tax positions will significantly increase or decrease within the next twelve months. However,
based on the uncertainties associated with finalizing audits with the relevant tax authorities including formal legal proceedings, it
is not possible to reasonably estimate the impact of any such change. 

The Company
conducts business globally and, as a result, files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign
jurisdictions. In the normal course, the Company is subject to examinations by taxing authorities throughout the world. The material
jurisdictions in which the Company is subject to potential examination include the United States, Denmark, Germany, Greece, and the Philippines.
As of December 31, 2022, the Company is no longer subject to examinations by tax authorities for years before 2018 in the U.S., Denmark,
and the Philippines. The Company s 2017 and subsequent tax years remain open to examination by the German Federal Central Tax Office
and the Company s 2016 and subsequent tax years remain open to examination by the Greek Independent Authority for Public Revenue.
Carryforward attributes that were generated prior to tax years mentioned may still be adjusted upon examination by certain jurisdiction
tax authorities if they either have been, or will be, utilized in a future period. 

The
Company s foreign subsidiaries have incurred losses since inception and the Company has no undistributed earnings as of December 31,
2022. 

business segment. 

Geographic
Information 

The
following table presents revenues, by geographic location (based on the location of the entity selling the product) for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Europe 

Asia 

Total net sales 

million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did t hold any letters of guarantee. 

Contractual obligations 

In
December 2021, the Company entered into a supply agreement by and among the Company, in its capacity as Customer, and BASF New Business
GmbH, in its capacity as Seller. The supply agreement provides for the purchase by the Company of m2 (Minimum Quantity) of membrane
from BASF during the contract duration from January 1, 2022 until December 31, 2025. 

In
May 2022, the Company entered into a supply agreement by and among the Company, in its capacity as Customer, and De Nora Deutschland
GmbH De Nora ), in its capacity as Seller. The supply agreement provides for the purchase by the Company of (Minimum
Quantity) of electrodes from De Nora during the contract duration from May 3, 2022 until June 24, 2023. 

In
June 2022, the Company entered into a supply agreement by and among the Company, in its capacity as Customer, and Shin-Etsu Polymer
Singapore Pte, Ltd Shin-Etsu ), in its capacity as Seller. The supply agreement provides for the purchase by the Company
of pieces (Minimum Quantity) of bipolar plates from Shin-Etsu during the contract duration from June 1, 2022 until June 30,
2024. 

The
following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022: 

2024 
 - 

2025 
 - 
 - 

Total 

Denominator: 

Basic weighted average number of shares 

Diluted weighted average number of shares 

Net loss per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Basic
net income / (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income / (loss) for the periods presented by the weighted-average number of
common shares outstanding during these periods. 

Diluted
net income /(loss) per share is computed by dividing the net income / (loss), by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
for the periods, adjusted for the dilutive effect of shares of common stock equivalents resulting from the assumed exercise of the Public
Warrants, Private Placements Warrants, Working Capital Warrants, Stock Options and Restricted Stock Units. The treasury stock method
was used to calculate the potential dilutive effect of these common stock equivalents. 

As
the Company incurred losses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the effect of including any potential common shares
in the denominator of diluted per-share computations would have been anti-dilutive; therefore, basic and diluted losses per share are
the same. 

square feet at an initial fixed annual rent of million and will increase 3.0 on each anniversary
of the sublease commencement date. The term of the sublease is through March 2026 (unless terminated as provided in the sublease)
and the sublease commencement date was February 1, 2023. 

On
March 6, 2023, the Company filed a petition (the Petition in the Delaware Court of Chancery (the Court of Chancery under Section 205 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL seeking validation of the Company s Second Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Current Certificate of Incorporation ), which increased the number of shares
of The
matter is captioned In Re Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc. (C.A. No. 2023-0280-LWW (Del. Ch.). The Petition was filed to resolve potential
uncertainty with respect to those matters arising from a recent Court of Chancery ruling in the case of Garfield v. Boxed, Inc., No.
2022-0132-MTZ, 2022 WL 17959766 (Del. Ch. Dec. 27, 2022). The Court of Chancery set a hearing date for March 29, 2023. 

On
March 29, 2023, the hearing took place and the Court of Chancery approved the Company s request for relief. The Court of Chancery
then entered an order under Section 205 of the DGCL on March 29, 2023 (1) declaring the Company s Current Certificate of Incorporation,
including the filing and effectiveness thereof, as validated and effective retroactive to the date of its filing with the Office of the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on February 4, 2021, and all amendments effected thereby, and (2) ordering that the Company s
securities (and the issuance of the securities) described in the Petition and any other securities issued in reliance on the validity
of the Current Certificate of Incorporation are validated and declared effective, each as of the original issuance dates. 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit / (loss) 

Income from grants 

Research and development expenses 

Administrative and selling expenses 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Credit loss customer contracts 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Gain from purchase price adjustment 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Impairment loss
 intangible assets and goodwill 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Operating loss 

Fair value change of warrant liability 

Finance income / (expenses), net 
 
 - 

Foreign exchange gains / (losses), net 

Other income / (expenses), net 

Loss before income taxes 

Income taxes 

Net loss 

Net loss per share 

Basic loss per share 

Basic weighted average number of shares 

Diluted loss per share 

Diluted weighted average number of shares 

Three Months Ended, 
 
 (Amounts in USD thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 September 30, 
2021 
 June 30, 2021 
 March 31, 2021 
 
 Revenue, net 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit / (loss) 

Income from grants 

Research and development expenses 

Administrative and selling expenses 

Amortization of intangibles 

Operating loss 

Fair value change of warrant liability 

Finance income / (expenses), net 

Foreign exchange gains / (losses), net 

Other income / (expenses), net 

Loss before income taxes 

Income taxes 

- 
 - 
 
 Net loss 

Net loss per share 

Basic loss per share 

Basic weighted average number of shares 

Diluted loss per share 

Diluted weighted average number of shares 

F- 51 

<EX-10.7>
 2
 adventtech_ex10-7.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.7

Exhibit 10.7 

Advent Technologies 

 500 Rutherford Avenue, Suite 102 

 Boston, MA 02129 

Dear , 

It is my sincere pleasure, on
behalf of the entire Board of Directors (the Board of Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc. Advent or the Company ),
to welcome you to the Board and as a director with a term ending at the Company s shareholder meeting in [ ]. As a member of the
Board, we believe your experience and demonstrated leadership will add a very important perspective to the Board s operations. 

You will serve as an independent member of the Board
of the Company. We expect you to serve on such committees as the Board determines will best take advantage of your skills and experience. 

As a Board member, you will
participate in regularly scheduled and special Board meetings, which are expected to occur approximately 6 times per year, and in no event
fewer than 4 times per year, attend the Company s annual meeting of shareholders, meet or otherwise periodically confer with committees
of the Board and Company executives, and to provide such other services as are customary and appropriate for Board members (the Services ).
The Company will reimburse you for reasonable, documented out of pocket travel expenses incurred by you in your service as a member of
the Board and approved by the Company, in accordance with the Company s expense reimbursement policy as in effect from time to time. 

As consideration for your Services, you will be entitled
to receive the following: 

An
annual retainer of 100,000 paid in equal quarterly amounts at the end of each quarter for which you have provided Services; and 

An
annual restricted stock unit award RSU Award made in the general time of the annual meeting of shareholders. The RSU
Award will vest one year following its approval by the Board or upon the date of the following year s annual meeting of shareholders,
whichever shall occur first, contingent upon your remaining a member of the Board and your continued provision of the Services throughout
that period of time. The size of the RSU Award will be determined by dividing 100,000 by the closing price per share of the Company s
common stock on the NASDAQ on the date of the annual meeting. The RSU Award will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Company s
equity incentive plan and the restricted stock unit agreement, which you must agree to in order to receive the RSU Award and you also
must agree that the Company may open an account in your name at its captive broker to administer the RSU Award. 

In addition, you understand that all director compensation is subject
to the recommendation of the compensation committee of the Company and the approval of the Board, and that it is subject to change. 

500
 Rutherford Avenue 

 5637
La Ribera St. Suite A 
Panepistimiou 16 

 Patras
Science Park 

Boston
 
 Livermore 
 Athens 
 Achaia 

MA
 02129 

 CA
94550 

 GR
10672 

 GR
26504 

USA
 
 USA 

 Greece
 
Greece 

T:
 +1 857 2647035 

 T:
+1 925 4559400 

 T:
+30 210 3642200 

 T:
+30 2610 911583 

Contact
 
 info@advent.energy 
 www.advent. energy 

You are not an employee of
the Company and have no authority to obligate the Company by contract or otherwise. You will not be eligible for any employee benefits,
nor will the Company make deductions from any amounts payable to you for taxes. Any taxes shall be solely your responsibility, including
applicable taxes on the RSU Award. You agree that you will abide by all Company polices which are applicable to members of the Board,
including but not limited to its insider trading policy. 

You acknowledge that as a result
of your service as a director you will obtain confidential information and proprietary information relating to or provided by the Company
and its affiliates (including, but not limited to, its stockholders and customers). During and for a period of one year after your service
with the Company, you shall not use for your benefit or disclose to any other person confidential or proprietary information, knowledge
or data relating to or provided by the Company and its affiliates; provided, however, that such obligation shall not apply to information,
knowledge or data that (i) is publicly available, (ii) was disclosed to you on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Company
and its affiliates, (iii) was independently developed by you, or (iv) to the extent required by law or in response to any subpoena or
similar request by or before any court, arbitrator or governmental authority. You also represent and warrant that you have the full right
and power to enter into and perform this letter agreement and there is no other existing contract or duty on your part inconsistent with
the terms of this letter agreement (including, but no limited to, any conflict of interest policy). 

In addition, you will receive
indemnification as a director of the Company as set forth in the Company s certificate of incorporation and bylaws and the Company s standard
form of indemnification agreement. 

While you serve on the Board,
please notify the Company s legal department of any conflicts of interests that may arise with respect to the Company. 

Your relationship with the Company as a director
shall be governed by the charter documents of the Company, applicable policies of the Company including the insider trading and conduct
policies, and any such other agreements that you and the Company enter into from time to time. This letter, along with the RSU Award documentation,
indemnification agreement, policies, and other written agreements or policies referred to herein, collectively constitute the entire agreement
between you and the Company. This agreement supersedes any other agreements or promises made to you by anyone, whether oral or written,
and it may only be modified in a writing signed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. 

500
 Rutherford Avenue 

 5637 La Ribera St. Suite A
 
Panepistimiou 16 

 Patras Science Park 

Boston
 
 Livermore 
 Athens 
 Achaia 

MA
 02129 

 CA 94550 

 GR 10672 

 GR 26504 

USA
 
 USA 

 Greece 
Greece 

T:
 +1 857 2647035 

 T: +1 925 4559400 

 T: +30 210 3642200 

 T: +30 2610 911583 

Contact
 
 info@advent.energy 
 www.advent. energy 

2 

Advent has set a bold mission for itself in pioneering
critical technology for the hydrogen economy as it pursues high standards and meaningful opportunities for both its employees and stockholders.
We will be delighted if you accept this offer to join Advent in this mission and indicate your agreement with these terms and accepting
this offer by signing and dating this letter. 

Accepted and Agreed to by: 

Date: 

Sincerely, 

Vasilis Gregoriou, Ph.D 

 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

500 Rutherford Avenue 

 5637 La Ribera St. Suite A
 
Panepistimiou 16 

 Patras Science Park 

Boston 
 Livermore 
 Athens 
 Achaia 

MA 02129 

 CA 94550 

 GR 10672 

 GR 26504 

USA 
 USA 

 Greece 
Greece 

T: +1 857 2647035 

 T: +1 925 4559400 

 T: +30 210 3642200 

 T: +30 2610 911583 

Contact
 
 info@advent.energy 
 www.advent. energy 

3 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 adventtech_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit
23.1 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 

(1) Post-Effective
 Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement (Form S-1 No. 333-253114) and Post-Effective
 Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement (Form S-1 333-26441) on Registration Statement
 (Form S-3) of Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc., and 

(2) Registration
 Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-256986) pertaining to the Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc.
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan; 

of
our report dated March 31, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc. included
in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
Ernst Young (Hellas) Certified Auditors Accountants S.A. 

Athens,
Greece 

March
31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 adventtech_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Vassilios Gregoriou, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Vassilios Gregoriou 

Vassilios
 Gregoriou 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 adventtech_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Kevin Brackman, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Kevin Brackman 

Kevin
 Brackman 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 adventtech_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant
to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ),
and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), Vassilios Gregoriou, President and Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certifies
that, to such officer s knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), to which
 this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange
 Act; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Vassilios Gregoriou 

Vassilios
 Gregoriou 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 adventtech_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant
to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ),
and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), Kevin Brackman, Chief Financial Officer
of Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certifies that, to such officer s knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), to which
 this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.2, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange
 Act; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Kevin Brackman 

Kevin
 Brackman 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 adn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 adn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 adn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 adn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

