<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230320_10-K_edgar_data_1437479_0001174947-23-000382.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13805744</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>259808</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1979600</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4987608</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3042493</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2979385</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001174947-23-000382.hdr.sgml : 20230320
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230320163851
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001174947-23-000382
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		125
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230320
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230320

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ENB Financial Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001437479
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				510661129
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53297
		FILM NUMBER:		23746781

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		31 E MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 457
		CITY:			EPHRATA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17522-0457
		BUSINESS PHONE:		717-733-4181

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		31 E MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 457
		CITY:			EPHRATA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17522-0457

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001174947-23-000382.txt : 20230320

10-K
 1
 enbp-20221231.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C.
20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 
For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
For the transition period from ____________________ to ____________________ 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization (IRS Employer Identification No.) . , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered N/A 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Title of each
class 

Common Stock, Par
Value 0.10 Per Share 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulations
S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). 

No 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an
emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

 If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act . 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm
that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate
by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously
issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market
value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, was approximately . 

The number of shares
of the registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of March 13, 2023, was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED
BY REFERENCE 

The Registrant s
Definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 9, 2023, is incorporated into Parts III and IV
hereof. 

2 

ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

Table of Contents 

Part I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 15 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 23 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 23 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 24 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 24 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 24 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 25 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 47 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 52 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 100 

Item 9A . 
 Controls and Procedures 
 100 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 101 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 101 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 102 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 102 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 102 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 102 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 102 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 103 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 104 

Signatures 
 104 

3 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

Part I 

Forward-Looking Statements 

The U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe
harbor in regard to the inclusion of forward-looking statements in this document and documents incorporated by reference. Forward-looking
statements pertain to possible or assumed future results that are made using current information. These forward-looking statements are
generally identified when terms such as believe, estimate, anticipate, expect, 
 project, forecast, and other similar wordings are used. The readers of this report should take into consideration
that these forward-looking statements represent management s expectations as to future forecasts of financial performance, or the
likelihood that certain events will or will not occur. Due to the very nature of estimates or predictions, these forward-looking statements
should not be construed to be indicative of actual future results. Additionally, management may change estimates of future performance,
or the likelihood of future events, as additional information is obtained. This document may also address targets, guidelines, or strategic
goals that management is striving to reach but may not be indicative of actual results. 

Readers should note that many factors affect this forward-looking information,
some of which are discussed elsewhere in this document and in the documents that are incorporated by reference into this document. These
factors include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Economic conditions 

Monetary and interest rate policies of the Federal Reserve Board 

Inflation and monetary fluctuations and volatility 

Possible impacts of the capital and liquidity requirements of Basel III standards and other regulatory pronouncements 

Effects of short- and long-term federal budget and tax negotiations and their effects on economic and business conditions 

Effects of the failure of the Federal government to reach agreement to raise the debt ceiling and the negative effects on economic
or business conditions as a result 

Effects of weak market conditions, specifically the effect on loan customers to repay loans 

Political changes and their impact on new laws and regulations 

Effects of war, acts of terrorism, and international and domestic instabilities 

Competitive forces 

Changes in deposit flows, loan demand, or real estate and investment securities values 

Changes in accounting principles, policies, or guidelines as may be adopted by the regulatory agencies, as well as the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, and other accounting standards setters 

Ineffective business strategy due to current or future market and competitive conditions 

Management s ability to manage credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk, and fair value risk 

Operation, legal, and reputation risk 

The risk that our analyses of these risks and forces could be incorrect and/or that the strategies developed to address them could
be unsuccessful 

The impact of new laws and regulations concerning taxes, banking, securities and insurance and their application with which the Corporation
and its subsidiaries must comply 

Potential impacts from continually evolving cybersecurity and other technological risks and attacks, including additional costs, reputational
damage, regulatory penalties, and financial losses 

Effects of economic conditions particularly with regard to the lingering effects of coronavirus (COVID-19) and any other pandemic,
epidemic, or health-related crisis and government and business responses thereto, specifically the effect on loan customers to repay loans 

Readers should be aware if any of the above factors change significantly,
the statements regarding future performance could also change materially. The safe harbor provision provides that ENB Financial Corp is
not required to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date of this
report. Readers should review any changes in risk factors in documents filed by ENB Financial Corp periodically with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, including Item 1A. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports on Form
8-K. 

4 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

Item 1. Business 

General 

ENB Financial Corp the Corporation is a bank holding
 company that was formed on July 1, 2008. The Corporation s wholly owned subsidiary, Ephrata National Bank the
 Bank ), also referred to as ENB, is a full service commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States. Presently,
 no other subsidiaries exist under the bank holding company. The Bank has one subsidiary, ENB Insurance, which is a full-service
 insurance agency that offers a broad range of insurance products to commercial and personal clients. The Corporation and the Bank
 are both headquartered in Ephrata, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania. The Bank was incorporated on April 11, 1881, pursuant to The
 National Bank Act under a charter granted by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC). The Federal Deposit Insurance
 Corporation (FDIC) insures deposit accounts to the maximum extent provided by law. The Corporation s retail, operational, and
 administrative offices are predominantly located in Lancaster County, southeastern Lebanon County, and southern Berks County,
 Pennsylvania, the Market Area . Eleven full service community banking offices are located in Lancaster County with one
 full service community banking office in Lebanon County and one full service community banking office in Berks County,
 Pennsylvania. 

The basic business of the Corporation is to provide a broad range of financial
services to individuals and small-to-medium-sized businesses in the Market Area. The Corporation utilizes funds gathered through deposits
from the general public to originate loans. The Corporation offers a range of demand accounts, in addition to savings and time deposits.
The Corporation also offers secured and unsecured commercial, real estate, and consumer loans. Ancillary services that provide added convenience
to customers include direct deposit and direct payments of funds through Electronic Funds Transfer, ATMs linked to the Star network,
telephone banking, MasterCard debit cards, Visa or MasterCard credit cards, and safe deposit box facilities. In addition, the
Corporation offers internet banking including bill pay and wire transfer capabilities, remote deposit capture, and an ENB Bank on the
Go! app for iPhones or Android phones. The Corporation also offers a full complement of trust and investment advisory services through
ENB s Wealth Solutions. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation employed 298 persons, consisting
of 286 full-time and 12 part-time employees. The number of full-time employees increased by 35 employees, and the number of part-time
employees decreased by 9 from the previous year-end . The increase in the number of full-time employees is aligned to support
the Corporation s growth and the decrease in part-time employees is attributable to the Corporation converting part-time positions
into full-time positions, allowing the Corporation to fully maximize staff. The Corporation expects to add additional personnel to support
the initiatives within technology and customer experience in 2023. A collective bargaining agent does not represent the employees, and management believes it maintains good relationships with its employees. 

Operating Segments 

The Corporation s business is providing financial products and services.
These products and services are provided through the Corporation s wholly owned subsidiary, the Bank. The Bank is presently the
only subsidiary of the Corporation, and the Bank only has one reportable operating segment, community banking, as described in Note A
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Report. The segment reporting information in Note A is incorporated
by reference into this Part I, Item 1. The Bank has one subsidiary, ENB Insurance, which is a full-service insurance agency that offers
a broad range of insurance products to commercial and personal clients. ENB Insurance is managed separately from the banking and related
financial services that the Corporation offers. 

Business Operations 

Products and Services with Reputation Risk 

The Corporation offers a diverse range of financial and banking products
and services. In the event one or more customers and/or governmental agencies becomes dissatisfied with or objects to any product or service
offered by the Corporation, negative publicity with respect to any such product or service, whether legally justified or not, could have
a negative impact on the Corporation s reputation. The discontinuance of any product or service, whether or not any customer or
governmental agency has challenged any such product or service, could have a negative impact on the Corporation s reputation. 

5 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

Market Area and Competition 

The Corporation s primary market
area is Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, where eleven full service offices are located and areas of contiguous Lebanon and Berks Counties.
The Corporation opened a full service office in southeastern Lebanon County (Myerstown) in 2013 and a full service office in southern
Berks County (Morgantown) in 2016 to extend physical presence to those counties. The Corporation s greater service area is considered
to be Lancaster, Lebanon, and southern and western Berks Counties of Pennsylvania. The area served by the Corporation is a mix of rural
communities and small to mid-sized towns. 

The Corporation s headquarters
and main campus are located in downtown Ephrata, Pennsylvania. The Corporation s main office and drive-up are located in downtown
Ephrata, while the Cloister office is also located within Ephrata Borough. The Corporation ranks a commanding first in deposit market
share in the Ephrata area with 43.9 of deposits as of June 30, 2022, based on data compiled annually by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (FDIC). The Corporation s deposit market share in the Ephrata area was 41.1 as of June 30, 2021. The Corporation s
very high market share in the Ephrata area has led to the expansion of the Corporation s branch network outside of the Ephrata area
but within the Corporation s Market Area. 

In the course of attracting and retaining
deposits and originating loans, the Corporation faces considerable competition. The Corporation competes with other commercial banks,
savings and loan institutions, and credit unions for traditional banking products, such as deposits and loans. The Corporation competes
with consumer finance companies for loans, mutual funds, and other investment alternatives for deposits. The Corporation competes for
deposits based on the ability to provide a range of products, low fees, quality service, competitive rates, and convenient locations and
hours. The competition for loan origination generally relates to interest rates offered, products available, quality of service, and loan
origination fees charged. Several competitors within the Corporation s primary market have substantially higher legal lending limits
that enable them to service larger loans and larger commercial customers. 

The Corporation continues to assess the competition and market area to
determine the best way to meet the financial needs of the communities it serves. Management also continues to pursue new market opportunities
based on the strategic plan to efficiently grow the Corporation, improve earnings performance, and bring the Corporation s products
and services to customers currently not being reached. Management strategically addresses growth opportunities versus competitive issues
by determining the new products and services to be offered, expansion of existing footprint with new locations, as well as investing in
the expertise of staffing for expansion of these services. 

Concentrations and Seasonality 

The Corporation does not have any portion of its businesses dependent on
a single or limited number of customers, the loss of which would have a material adverse effect on its businesses. No substantial portion
of loans or investments is concentrated within a single industry or group of related industries, although a significant amount of loans
are secured by real estate located in northern Lancaster County, Pennsylvania. The business activities of the Corporation are generally
not seasonal in nature. However, the sizable agricultural portfolio has certain specific, limited elements that are predominately seasonal
in nature due to typical farming operations. Financial instruments with concentrations of credit risk are described in Note P of the Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Report. The concentration of credit risk information in Note P is incorporated by
reference into this Part I, Item 1. 

Supervision and Regulation 

Bank holding companies operate in a highly regulated environment and are
routinely examined by federal and state regulatory authorities. The following discussion concerns various federal and state laws and regulations
and the potential impact of such laws and regulations on the Corporation and the Bank. 

To the extent that the following information describes statutory or regulatory
provisions, it is qualified in its entirety by reference to the particular statutory or regulatory provisions themselves. Proposals to
change laws and regulations are frequently introduced in Congress, the state legislatures, and before the various bank regulatory agencies.
The Corporation cannot determine the likelihood or timing of any such proposals or legislation, or the impact they may have on the Corporation
and the Bank. A change in law, regulations, or regulatory policy may have a material effect on the Corporation and the Bank s business. 

6 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

The operations of the Bank are subject to federal and state statutes applicable
to banks chartered under the banking laws of the United States, to members of the Federal Reserve System, and to banks whose deposits
are insured by the FDIC. Bank operations are subject to regulations of the OCC, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and the FDIC. 

Bank Holding Company Supervision and Regulation 

The Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 

The Corporation is subject to the provisions of the Bank Holding Company
Act of 1956, as amended, and to supervision by the Federal Reserve Board. The following restrictions apply: 

General Supervision by the Federal Reserve Board 

As a bank holding company, the Corporation s activities are limited
to the business of banking and activities closely related or incidental to banking. Bank holding companies are required to file periodic
reports with and are subject to examination by the Federal Reserve Board. The Federal Reserve Board has adopted a risk-focused supervision
program for small shell bank holding companies that is tied to the examination results of the subsidiary bank. The Federal Reserve Board
has issued regulations under the Bank Holding Company Act that require a bank holding company to serve as a source of financial and managerial
strength to its subsidiary banks. As a result, the Federal Reserve Board may require that the Corporation stand ready to provide adequate
capital funds to the Bank during periods of financial stress or adversity. 

Restrictions on Acquiring Control of Other Banks and Companies 

A bank holding company may not: 

acquire direct or indirect control of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of any class of voting stock, or substantially all of
the assets of any bank, or 

merge or consolidate with another bank holding company, without prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board. 

In addition, a bank holding company may not: 

engage in a non-banking business, or 

acquire ownership or control of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of any class of voting stock of any company engaged in a non-banking
business, 

unless the Federal Reserve Board determines the business to be so closely
related to banking as to be a proper incident to banking. In making this determination, the Federal Reserve Board considers whether these
activities offer benefits to the public that outweigh any possible adverse effects. 

Anti-Tie-In Provisions 

A bank holding company and its subsidiaries may not engage in tie-in arrangements
in connection with any extension of credit or provision of any property or services. These anti-tie-in provisions state generally that
a bank may not: 

extend credit, 

lease or sell property, or 

furnish any service to a customer, 

on the condition that the customer provides additional credit or service
to a bank or its affiliates, or on the condition that the customer not obtain other credit or service from a competitor of the bank. 

Restrictions on Extensions of Credit by Banks to their Holding Companies 

Subsidiary banks of a holding company are also subject to restrictions
imposed by the Federal Reserve Act on: 

any extensions of credit to the bank holding company or any of its subsidiaries, 

investments in the stock or other securities of the Corporation, and 

taking these stock or securities as collateral for loans to any borrower. 

7 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

Risk-Based Capital Guidelines 

Bank holding companies must comply with the Federal Reserve Board s
current risk-based capital guidelines, which are amended provisions of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956. The required minimum ratio
of total capital to risk-weighted assets, including some off-balance sheet activities, such as standby letters of credit, is 8 . At least
half of the total capital is required to be Tier I Capital, consisting principally of common shareholders equity, less certain
intangible assets. The remainder, Tier II Capital, may consist of: 

some types of preferred stock, 

a limited amount of subordinated debt, 

some hybrid capital instruments, 

other debt securities, and 

a limited amount of the general loan loss allowance. 

The risk-based capital guidelines are required to take adequate account
of interest rate risk, concentrations of credit risk, and risks of nontraditional activities. 

Capital Leverage Ratio Requirements 

The Federal Reserve Board requires a bank holding company to maintain a
leverage ratio of a minimum level of Tier I capital, as determined under the risk-based capital guidelines, equal to 3 of average total
consolidated assets for those bank holding companies that have the highest regulatory examination rating and are not contemplating or
experiencing significant growth or expansion. All other bank holding companies are required to maintain a ratio of at least 1 to 2 above
the stated minimum. The Bank is subject to similar capital requirements pursuant to the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. 

In 2019, the federal banking agencies issued a final rule to provide an
optional simplified measure of capital adequacy for qualifying community banking organizations, including the community bank leverage
ratio CBLR framework. Generally, under the CBLR framework, qualifying community banking organizations with total assets
of less than 10 billion, and limited amounts of off-balance-sheet exposures and trading assets and liabilities, may elect whether to
be subject to the CBLR framework if they have a CBLR of greater than 9 . Qualifying community banking organizations that elect to be subject
to the CBLR framework and continue to meet all requirements under the framework would not be subject to risk-based or other leverage capital
requirements and, in the case of an insured depository institution, would be considered to have met the well capitalized ratio requirements
for purposes of the FDIC s Prompt Corrective Action framework. The CBLR framework was available for banks to use in their March
31, 2020, Call Report. The Corporation did not opt into the CBLR framework. 

Restrictions on Control Changes 

The Change in Bank Control Act of 1978 requires persons seeking control
of a bank or bank holding company to obtain approval from the appropriate federal banking agency before completing the transaction. The
law contains a presumption that the power to vote 10 or more of voting stock confers control of a bank or bank holding company. The Federal
Reserve Board is responsible for reviewing changes in control of bank holding companies. In doing so, the Federal Reserve Board reviews
the financial position, experience and integrity of the acquiring person, and the effect the change of control will have on the financial
condition of the Corporation, relevant markets, and federal deposit insurance funds. 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX), also known as the Public Company Accounting
Reform and Investor Protection Act, was established in 2002 and introduced major changes to the regulation of financial practice.
SOX was established as a reaction to the outbreak of corporate and accounting scandals, including Enron and WorldCom. SOX represents a
comprehensive revision of laws affecting corporate governance, accounting obligations, and corporate reporting. SOX is applicable to all
companies with equity or debt securities that are either registered, or file reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 such as
the Corporation. SOX includes significant additional disclosure requirements and expanded corporate governance rules and the SEC has adopted
extensive additional disclosures, corporate governance provisions, and other related rules pursuant to it. The Corporation has expended
and will continue to expend, considerable time and money in complying with SOX. 

8 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

Bank Supervision and Regulation 

Safety and Soundness 

The primary regulator for the Bank is the OCC. The OCC has the authority
under the Financial Institutions Supervisory Act and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to prevent a national bank from engaging in any
unsafe or unsound practice in conducting business or from otherwise conducting activities in violation of the law. 

Federal and state banking laws and regulations govern, but are not limited
to, the following: 

Scope of a bank s business 

Investments a bank may make 

Reserves that must be maintained against certain deposits 

Loans a bank makes and collateral it takes 

Merger and consolidation activities 

Establishment of branches 

The Corporation is a member of the Federal Reserve System. Therefore, the
policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve Board have a significant impact on many elements of the Corporation s operations,
including: 

Loan and deposit growth 

Rate of interest earned and paid 

Types of securities 

Breadth of financial services provided 

Levels of liquidity 

Levels of required capital 

Management cannot predict the effect of changes to such policies and regulations
upon the Corporation s business model and the corresponding impact they may have on future earnings. 

FDIC Insurance Assessments 

The FDIC imposes a risk-related premium schedule for all insured depository
institutions that results in the assessment of premiums based on the Bank s capital and supervisory measures. Under the risk-related
premium schedule, the FDIC assigns, on a semi-annual basis, each depository institution to one of three capital groups, the best of these
being Well Capitalized. For purposes of calculating the insurance assessment, the Bank was considered Well Capitalized 
as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. This designation has benefited the Bank in the past and continues to benefit it in terms
of a lower quarterly FDIC rate. The FDIC adjusts the insurance rates when necessary. The total FDIC assessments paid by the Bank in 2022
were 528,000, compared to 408,000 in 2021. 

Community Reinvestment Act 

Under the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA), as amended, the OCC is required
to assess all financial institutions that it regulates to determine whether these institutions are meeting the credit needs of the community
that they serve. The Act focuses specifically on low and moderate income neighborhoods. The OCC takes an institution s CRA record
into account in its evaluation of any application made by any of such institutions for, among other things: 

Approval of a new branch or other deposit facility 

Closing of a branch or other deposit facility 

An office relocation or a merger 

Any acquisition of bank shares 

The CRA, as amended, also requires that the OCC make publicly available
the evaluation of a bank s record of meeting the credit needs of its entire community, including low and moderate income neighborhoods.
This evaluation includes a descriptive rating of either outstanding, satisfactory, needs to improve, or substantial noncompliance, along
with a statement describing the basis for the rating. These ratings are publicly disclosed. The Bank received a satisfactory rating on
the most recent CRA Performance Evaluation completed on July 12, 2021. 

9 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 

Capital Adequacy 

Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991
(FDICIA), institutions are classified in one of five defined categories as illustrated below: 

Tier I Capital 
 Common Equity Tier I 

Capital Category 
 Total Capital Ratio 
 Ratio 
 Capital Ratio 
 Leverage Ratio 

Well Capitalized 
 > 10.0 
 > 8.0 
 > 6.5 
 > 5.0 
 
 Adequately Capitalized 
 > 8.0 
 > 6.0 
 > 4.5 
 > 4.0 
 
 Undercapitalized 

The Bank s and Corporation s capital ratios exceed the regulatory
requirements to be considered well capitalized for Total Risk-Based Capital, Tier I Risk-Based Capital, Common Equity Tier I Capital,
and Tier I Leverage Capital. The capital ratio table and Consolidated Financial Statement Note M Regulatory Matters and Restrictions,
are incorporated by reference herein, from Item 8, and made a part hereof. Note M discloses capital ratios for both the Bank and the Corporation,
shown as Consolidated. 

Regulatory Capital Changes 

In July 2013, the federal banking agencies issued final rules to implement
the Basel III regulatory capital reforms and changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act. The phase-in period for community banking organizations
began January 1, 2015, while larger institutions (generally those with assets of 250 billion or more) began compliance on January 1,
2014. The final rules call for the following capital requirements: 

A minimum ratio of common equity tier I capital to risk-weighted assets of 4.5 

A minimum ratio of tier I capital to risk-weighted assets of 6 

A minimum ratio of total capital to risk-weighted assets of 8 

A minimum leverage ratio of 4 

In addition, the final rules established a common equity tier I capital
conservation buffer of 2.5 of risk-weighted assets applicable to all banking organizations. If a banking organization fails to hold capital
above the minimum capital ratios and the capital conservation buffer, it will be subject to certain restrictions on capital distributions
and discretionary bonus payments. The phase-in period for the capital conservation and countercyclical capital buffers for all banking
organizations began on January 1, 2016. 

Consistent with the Dodd-Frank Act, the new rules replace the ratings-based
approach to securitization exposures, which is based on external credit ratings, with the simplified supervisory formula approach in order
to determine the appropriate risk weights for these exposures. Alternatively, banking organizations may use the existing gross-up approach
to assign securitization exposures to a risk weight category or choose to assign such exposures a 1,250 percent risk weight. The Corporation
does not securitize assets and has no plans to do so. 

Under the new rules, mortgage servicing assets (MSAs) and certain deferred
tax assets (DTAs) are subject to stricter limitations than those applicable under the current general risk-based capital rule. The new
rules also increase the risk weights for past-due loans, certain commercial real estate loans, and some equity exposures, and makes selected
other changes in risk weights and credit conversion factors. 

Management has evaluated the impact of the above rules on levels of the
Corporation s capital. The final rulings were highly favorable in terms of the items that would have a more significant impact to
the Corporation and community banks in general. Specifically, the AOCI final ruling, which would have had the greatest impact, now provides
the Corporation with an opt-out provision. The final ruling on the risk weightings of mortgages was favorable and did not have a material
negative impact. The rulings as to trust preferred securities, preferred stock, and securitization of 

10 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

assets are not applicable to the
Corporation, and presently the revised treatment of MSAs is not material to capital. The remaining changes to risk weightings on several
items mentioned above such as past-due loans and certain commercial real estate loans do not have a material impact to capital presently,
but could change as these levels change. 

Real Estate Lending Standards 

Pursuant to the FDICIA, federal banking agencies adopted real estate lending
guidelines which would set loan-to-value LTV ratios for different types of real estate loans. The LTV ratio is generally
defined as the total loan amount divided by the appraised value of the property at the time the loan is originated. If the institution
does not hold a first lien position, the total loan amount would be combined with the amount of all junior liens when calculating the
ratio. In addition to establishing the LTV ratios, the guidelines require all real estate loans to be based upon proper loan documentation
and a recent appraisal or certificate of inspection of the property. 

Prompt Corrective Action 

In the event that an institution s capital deteriorates to the Undercapitalized
category or below, FDICIA prescribes an increasing amount of regulatory intervention, including: 

Implementation of a capital restoration plan and a guarantee of the plan by a parent institution 

Placement of a hold on increases in assets, number of branches, or lines of business 

If capital reaches the significantly or critically undercapitalized level,
further material restrictions can be imposed, including restrictions on interest payable on accounts, dismissal of management, and (in
critically undercapitalized situations) appointment of a receiver. For well-capitalized institutions, FDICIA provides authority for regulatory
intervention where they deem the institution to be engaging in unsafe or unsound practices, or if the institution receives a less than
satisfactory examination report rating for asset quality, management, earnings, liquidity, or sensitivity to market risk. 

Other FDICIA Provisions 

Each depository institution must submit audited financial statements to
its primary regulator and the FDIC, whose reports are made publicly available. In addition, the audit committee of each depository institution
must consist of outside directors and the audit committee at large institutions (as defined by FDIC regulation) must include
members with banking or financial management expertise. The audit committee at large institutions must also have access
to independent outside counsel. In addition, an institution must notify the FDIC and the institution s primary regulator of any
change in the institution s independent auditor, and annual management letters must be provided to the FDIC and the depository institution s
primary regulator. The regulations define a large institution as one with over 500 million in assets, which does include
the Bank. Also, under the rule, an institution's independent public accountant must examine the institution's internal controls over financial
reporting and perform agreed-upon procedures to test compliance with laws and regulations concerning safety and soundness. 

Under the FDICIA, each federal banking agency must prescribe certain safety
and soundness standards for depository institutions and their holding companies. Three types of standards must be prescribed: 

asset quality and earnings 

operational and managerial, and 

compensation 

Such standards would include a ratio of classified assets to capital, minimum
earnings, and, to the extent feasible, a minimum ratio of market value to book value for publicly traded securities of such institutions
and holding companies. Operational and managerial standards must relate to: 

internal controls, information systems and internal audit systems 

loan documentation 

credit underwriting 

interest rate exposure 

asset growth, and 

compensation, fees and benefits 

11 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

The FDICIA also sets forth Truth in Savings disclosure and advertising
requirements applicable to all depository institutions. 

USA PATRIOT Act of 2001/Bank Secrecy Act 

In October 2001, the USA Patriot Act of 2001 (Patriot Act) was enacted
in response to the terrorist attacks in New York, Pennsylvania and Washington, D.C., which occurred on September 11, 2001. The Patriot
Act is intended to strengthen U.S. law enforcement s and the intelligence communities abilities to work cohesively to combat
terrorism on a variety of fronts. The impact of the Patriot Act on financial institutions of all kinds is significant and wide ranging.
The Patriot Act contains sweeping anti-money laundering and financial transparency laws and imposes various regulations, including standards
for verifying client identification at account opening, and rules to promote cooperation among financial institutions, regulators and
law enforcement entities in identifying parties that may be involved in terrorism or money laundering. 

Under the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA), banks and other financial institutions
are required to report to the Internal Revenue Service currency transactions of more than 10,000 or multiple transactions of which a
bank is aware in any one day that aggregate in excess of 10,000 and to report suspicious transactions under specified criteria. Civil
and criminal penalties are provided under the BSA for failure to file a required report, for failure to supply information required by
the BSA, or for filing a false or fraudulent report. 

Loans to Insiders/Regulation O 

Regulation O, also known as Loans to Insiders, governs the permissible
lending relationships between a bank and its executive officers, directors, and principal shareholders and their related interests. The
primary restriction of Regulation O is that loan terms and conditions, including interest rates and collateral coverage, can be no more
favorable to the insider than loans made in comparable transactions to non-covered parties. Additionally, the loan may not involve more
than normal risk. The regulation requires quarterly reporting to regulators of the total amount of credit extended to insiders. 

Under Regulation O, a bank is not required to obtain approval from the
bank s Board of Directors prior to making a loan to an executive officer or Board of Director member as long as a first lien on
the executive officer s residence secures the loan. The Corporation s policy requires prior Board of Director approval of
any Executive Officer or Director loan that when aggregated with other outstanding extensions of credit to the Insider and their related
interests exceeds 500,000. Loans to any Executive Officer or Director with aggregate exposure of under 500,000 must be reported at the
next scheduled Board of Director meeting. Further amendments allow bank insiders to take advantage of preferential loan terms that are
available to substantially all employees. Regulation O does permit an insider to participate in a plan that provides more favorable credit
terms than the bank provides to non-employee customers provided that the plan: 

Is widely available to employees 

Does not give preference to any insider over other employees 

The Bank has a policy in place that offers general employees more favorable
loan terms than those offered to non-employee customers. The Bank s policy on loans to insiders allows insiders to participate in
the same favorable rate and terms offered to all other employees; however, any loan to an insider that does not fall within permissible
regulatory exceptions must receive the prior approval of the Bank s Board of Directors. 

Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 

Dodd-Frank Act, was the culmination of the legislative efforts in response
to the financial crisis of 2007 - 2008. The act reshaped Wall Street and the American banking industry by bringing the most significant
changes to financial regulation in the United States since the regulatory reform that followed the Great Depression. The Act s numerous
provisions were to be implemented over a period of several years and were intended to decrease various risks in the U.S. financial system.
Dodd-Frank created a new Financial Stability Oversight Council to identify systemic risks in the financial system and gave federal regulators
new authority to take control of and liquidate financial firms. Dodd-Frank was expected to and did have an impact on the Corporation s
business operations as its provisions began to take effect. To date the provisions that did go into effect, or began to phase in, did
at a minimum increase the Corporation s operating and compliance costs. 

12 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

Holding Company Capital Requirements 

Dodd-Frank requires the Federal Reserve to apply consolidated capital requirements
to bank holding companies that are no less stringent than those currently applied to depository institutions. Under these standards, trust
preferred securities will be excluded from Tier I capital unless such securities were issued prior to May 19, 2010, by a bank holding
company with less than 15 billion in assets. Dodd-Frank additionally requires that bank regulators issue countercyclical capital
requirements so that the required amount of capital increases in times of economic expansion and decreases in times of economic contraction,
are consistent with safety and soundness. 

Corporate Governance 

Dodd-Frank requires publicly traded companies to give stockholders a non-binding
vote on executive compensation at least every three years, a non-binding vote regarding the frequency of the vote on executive compensation
at least every six years, and a non-binding vote on golden parachute payments in connection with approvals of mergers and
acquisitions unless previously voted on by shareholders. Additionally, Dodd-Frank directs the federal banking regulators to promulgate
rules prohibiting excessive compensation paid to executives of depository institutions and their holding companies with assets in excess
of 1 billion, regardless of whether the company is publicly traded. Dodd-Frank also gives the SEC authority to prohibit broker discretionary
voting on elections of directors and executive compensation matters. 

Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) 

Dodd-Frank created a new, independent federal agency called the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), which is granted broad rulemaking, supervisory and enforcement powers under various federal consumer
financial protection laws, including the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Truth in Lending Act, Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, Fair
Credit Reporting Act, Fair Debt Collection Act, the Consumer Financial Privacy Provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and certain other
statutes. The CFPB has examination and primary enforcement authority with respect to depository institutions with 10 billion or more
in assets. Smaller institutions are subject to rules promulgated by the CFPB but continue to be examined and supervised by federal banking
regulators for consumer compliance purposes. The CFPB has authority to prevent unfair, deceptive, or abusive practices in connection with
the offering of consumer financial products. Dodd-Frank authorized the CFPB to establish certain minimum standards for the origination
of residential mortgages including a determination of the borrower s ability to repay. In addition, Dodd-Frank allows borrowers
to raise certain defenses to foreclosure if they receive any loan other than a qualified mortgage as defined by the CFPB.
Dodd-Frank permits states to adopt consumer protection laws and standards that are more stringent than those adopted at the federal level
and, in certain circumstances, permits state attorneys general to enforce compliance with both the state and federal laws and regulations. 

Ability-to-Repay and Qualified Mortgage Rule 

Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFPB amended Regulation Z as implemented
by the Truth in Lending Act, requiring mortgage lenders to make a reasonable and good faith determination based on verified and documented
information that a consumer applying for a mortgage loan has a reasonable ability to repay the loan according to its terms. Mortgage lenders
are required to determine consumers ability to repay in one of two ways. The first alternative requires the mortgage lender to
consider the following eight underwriting factors when making the credit decision: (1) current or reasonably expected income or assets;
(2) current employment status; (3) the monthly payment on the covered transaction; (4) the monthly payment on any simultaneous
loan; (5) the monthly payment for mortgage-related obligations; (6) current debt obligations, alimony, and child support; (7) the
monthly debt-to-income ratio or residual income; and (8) credit history. Alternatively, the mortgage lender can originate qualified
mortgages, which are entitled to a presumption that the creditor making the loan satisfied the ability-to-repay requirements. In
general, a qualified mortgage is a mortgage loan without negative amortization, interest-only payments, balloon payments,
or terms exceeding 30 years. In addition, to be a qualified mortgage the points and fees paid by a consumer cannot exceed 3 of the total
loan amount. Loans which meet these criteria will be considered qualified mortgages, and as a result generally protect lenders from fines
or litigation in the event of foreclosure. Qualified mortgages that are higher-priced (e.g. subprime loans) garner a rebuttable
presumption of compliance with the ability-to-repay rules, while qualified mortgages that are not higher-priced (e.g. Prime
loans) are given a safe harbor of compliance. The final rule, as issued, is not expected to have a material impact on the Corporation s
lending activities and on the Corporation s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Interchange Fees 

Under the Durbin Amendment to the Dodd-Frank Act, the Federal Reserve adopted
rules establishing standards for assessing whether the interchange fees that may be charged with respect to certain electronic debit transactions
are reasonable and proportional to the costs incurred by issuers for processing such transactions. 

13 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

Interchange fees or swipe fees, are charges that merchants
pay to the Corporation and other card-issuing banks for processing electronic payment transactions. The Federal Reserve Board has ruled
that for financial institutions with assets of 10 billion or more the maximum permissible interchange fee for an electronic debit transaction
is the sum of 21 cents per transaction and 5 basis points multiplied by the value of the transaction. The Federal Reserve Board also has
rules governing routing and exclusivity that require issuers to offer two unaffiliated networks for routing transactions on each debit
or prepaid product. While the Corporation s asset size is presently under 10 billion, there is concern that these requirements
impacting financial institutions over 10 billion in assets will eventually be pushed down to either financial institutions over 1 billion
or to all financial institutions. This would negatively impact the Corporation s non-interest income. 

TILA/RESPA Integrated Disclosure (TRID) Rules 

The TRID rules were mandated by Dodd-Frank to address the problem of the
sometimes duplicative and overlapping disclosures required by the Truth in Lending Act (TILA) and Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act
(RESPA) involving consumer purpose, closed end loans secured by real property. The CFPB was tasked with developing the new disclosures,
defining the regulatory compliance parameters, and implementation. The timing elements built around these new disclosures were established
to provide the consumer with ample time to consider the credit transaction and its associated costs. The final rules were implemented
by amending the Truth in Lending Act; however implementation proved to be difficult as this marked the first time in thirty years that
these standard disclosures were changed. Much reliance was placed on third party providers to the financial institutions to make all the
necessary changes to the disclosures. After one delay, the rules became effective October 3, 2015. The Corporation partnered with its
loan document software providers to ensure timely, compliant implementation. 

Department of Defense Military Lending Rule 

In 2015, the U.S. Department of Defense issued a final rule which restricts
pricing and terms of certain credit extended to active duty military personnel and their families. This rule, which was implemented
effective October 3, 2016, caps the interest rate on certain credit extensions to an annual percentage rate of 36 and restricts other
fees. The rule requires financial institutions to verify whether customers are military personnel subject to the rule. The
impact of this final rule, and any subsequent amendments thereto, on the Corporation s lending activities and the Corporation s
statements of income or condition has had little or no impact; however, management will continue to monitor the implementation of the
rule for any potential side effects on the Corporation s business. 

Cybersecurity 

In March 2015, federal regulators issued two related statements regarding
cybersecurity. One statement instructed financial institutions to design multiple layers of security controls to establish lines of defense
and to ensure that their risk management practices cover the risk of compromised customer credentials, including security measures to
reliably authenticate customers accessing internet-based services of the financial institution. The other statement indicates that a financial
institution s management is expected to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure the rapid recovery,
resumption and maintenance of the institution s operations after a cyber-attack involving malware. Financial institutions are expected
to develop appropriate processes to enable recovery of data and business operations and address the rebuilding of network capabilities
and restoring data if the institution or its critical service providers are victim to a cyber-attack. The Corporation could be subject
to fines or penalties if it fails to observe this regulatory guidance. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for further discussion of risks related
to cybersecurity. 

Ongoing Legislation 

As a consequence of the extensive regulation of the financial services
industry and specifically commercial banking activities in the United States, the Corporation s business is particularly susceptible
to changes in federal and state legislation and regulations. Over the course of time, various federal and state proposals for legislation
could result in additional regulatory and legal requirements for the Corporation. Management cannot predict if any such legislation will
be adopted, or if adopted, how it would affect the business of the Corporation. Past history has demonstrated that new legislation or
changes to existing legislation usually results in a heavier compliance burden and generally increases the cost of doing business. 

Management believes that the effect of any current legislative proposals
on the liquidity, capital resources and the results of operations of the Corporation and the Bank will be minimal. It is possible that
there will be regulatory 

14 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

proposals which, if implemented, could have a material effect upon our liquidity, capital resources and results
of operations. In addition, the general cost of compliance with numerous federal and state laws does have, and in the future may have,
a negative impact on our results of operations. As with other banks, the status of the financial services industry can affect the Bank.
Consolidations of institutions are expected to continue as the financial services industry seeks greater efficiencies and market share.
Bank management believes that such consolidations may enhance the Bank s competitive position as a community bank. See Item 1A.
Risk Factors for more information. 

Statistical Data 

The statistical disclosures required by this item are incorporated by reference
herein from the Consolidated Statements of Income on page 57 as found in this Form 10-K filing. 

Available Information 

The Corporation maintains a website on the Internet at www.enbfc.com .
The Corporation makes available free of charge, on or through its website, its proxy statements, annual reports on From 10-K, quarterly
reports on From 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material
is electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). This reference to the Corporation s Internet address
shall not, under any circumstances, be deemed to incorporate the information available at such Internet address into this Form 10-K or
other SEC filings. The information available at the Corporation s Internet address is not part of this Form 10-K or any other report
filed by the Corporation with the SEC. The Corporation s SEC filings can also be obtained on the SEC s website on the Internet
at http://www.sec.gov. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

An investment in the Corporation s common stock is subject to risks
inherent to the banking industry and the equity markets. The material risks and uncertainties that management believes affect the Corporation
are described below. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below together
with all of the other information included or incorporated by reference in this report. The risks and uncertainties described below are
not the only ones facing the Corporation. Additional risks and uncertainties that management is not aware of or is not focused on, or
currently deems immaterial, may also impair the Corporation s business operations. This report is qualified in its entirety by these
risk factors. 

If any of the following risks actually occur, the Corporation s financial
condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. If this were to happen, the value of the Corporation s
common stock could decline significantly, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Related To The Corporation s Business 

The Corporation Is Subject To Interest Rate Risk 

The Corporation s earnings and cash flows are largely dependent upon
its net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between interest income earned on interest earning assets, such as loans
and securities, and interest expense paid on interest bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowed funds. Interest rates are highly
sensitive to many factors that are beyond the Corporation s control, including general economic conditions and policies of various
governmental and regulatory agencies, particularly, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. Changes in monetary policy,
including changes in interest rates, could influence not only the interest the Corporation receives on loans and securities, but also
the amount of interest it pays on deposits and borrowings. Changes in interest rates could also affect: 

The Corporation s ability to originate loans and obtain deposits 

The fair value of the Corporation s financial assets and liabilities 

The average duration of the Corporation s assets and liabilities 

The future liquidity of the Corporation 

If the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings increase at
a faster rate than the interest rates received on loans and other securities, the Corporation s net interest income, and therefore
earnings, could be adversely affected. 

15 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

Earnings could also be adversely affected if the interest rates received on loans and other securities
fall more quickly than the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings. 

Although management believes it has implemented effective asset and liability
management strategies to reduce the potential effects of changes in interest rates on the Corporation s results of operations, any
substantial, unexpected, prolonged change in market interest rates could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s financial
condition and results of operations. 

The Corporation Is Subject To Lending Risk 

There are inherent risks associated with the Corporation s lending
activities. These risks include, among other things, the impact of changes in interest rates and changes in the economic conditions in
the markets where the Corporation operates, as well as those across the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the United States. Increases
in interest rates and/or weakening economic conditions could adversely impact the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans or the
value of the collateral securing these loans. The Corporation is also subject to various laws and regulations that affect its lending
activities. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject the Corporation to regulatory enforcement action that
could result in the assessment of significant civil money penalties against the Corporation. 

As of December 31, 2022, 43.7 of the Corporation s loan portfolio
consisted of commercial, industrial, and construction loans secured by real estate. Another 12.1 of the Corporation s loan portfolio
consisted of commercial loans not secured by real estate. These types of loans are generally viewed as having more risk of default than
consumer real estate loans or other consumer loans. These types of loans are also typically larger than consumer real estate loans and
other consumer loans. Because the Corporation s loan portfolio contains a significant number of commercial and industrial, construction,
and commercial real estate loans with relatively large balances, the deterioration of one or a few of these loans could cause a significant
increase in non-performing loans. An increase in non-performing loans could result in a net loss of earnings from these loans, an increase
in the provision for possible loan losses, and an increase in loan charge-offs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the
Corporation s financial condition and results of operations. 

The Corporation s Allowance For Possible Loan Losses May Be
Insufficient 

The Corporation maintains an allowance for possible loan losses, which
is a reserve established through a provision for loan losses, charged to expense. The allowance represents management s best estimate
of expected losses inherent in the existing portfolio of loans. The allowance, in the judgment of management, is necessary to reserve
for estimated loan losses and risks inherent in the loan portfolio. The level of the allowance reflects management s continuing
evaluation of industry concentrations, specific credit risks, loan loss experience, current loan portfolio quality, present economic,
political, and regulatory conditions, and unidentified losses inherent in the current loan portfolio. Determining the appropriate level
of the allowance for possible loan losses understandably involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires the Corporation to make significant
estimates of current credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes. Changes in economic conditions affecting
borrowers, new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem loans, and other factors, both within and outside
of the Corporation s control, may require an increase in the allowance for possible loan losses. In addition, bank regulatory agencies
periodically review the Corporation s allowance for loan losses and may require an increase in the provision for possible loan losses
or the recognition of further loan charge-offs, based on judgments different than those of management. In addition, if charge-offs in
future periods exceed the allowance for possible loan losses, the Corporation will need additional provisions to increase the allowance
for possible loan losses. Any increases in the allowance for possible loan losses will result in a decrease in net income, and may have
a material adverse effect on the Corporation s financial condition and results of operations. 

The Basel III Capital Requirements May Require Us To Maintain Higher
Levels Of Capital, Which Could Reduce Our Profitability 

Basel III targets higher levels of base capital, certain capital buffers,
and a migration toward common equity as the key source of regulatory capital. Although the new capital requirements are phased in over
the next decade, Basel III signals a growing effort by domestic and international bank regulatory agencies to require financial institutions,
including depository institutions, to maintain higher levels of capital. As Basel III is implemented, regulatory viewpoints could change
and require additional capital to support our business risk profile. If the Corporation and the Bank are required to maintain higher levels
of capital, the Corporation and the Bank may have fewer opportunities to invest capital into interest-earning assets, which could limit
the profitable business operations available to the Corporation and the Bank and adversely impact our financial condition and results
of operations. 

16 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

Future Credit Downgrades Of The United States Government Due To Issues
Relating To Debt And The Deficit May Adversely Affect The Corporation 

As a result of past difficulties of the federal government to reach agreement
over federal debt and issues connected with the debt ceiling, certain rating agencies placed the United States Government s long-term
sovereign debt rating on their equivalent of negative watch and announced the possibility of a rating downgrade. The rating agencies,
due to constraints related to the rating of the United States, also placed government-sponsored enterprises in which the Corporation invests
and receives lines of credit on negative watch and a downgrade of the United States credit rating would trigger a similar downgrade in
the credit rating of these government-sponsored enterprises. Furthermore, the credit rating of other entities, such as state and
local governments, may also be downgraded should the United States credit rating be downgraded. Credit downgrades often cause a lower
valuation of the Corporation s securities. 

The Corporation Is Subject To Environmental Liability Risk Associated
With Lending Activities 

A significant portion of the Corporation s loan portfolio is secured
by real property. During the ordinary course of business, the Corporation may foreclose on and take title to properties securing certain
loans. In doing so, there is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties. If hazardous or toxic substances
are found, the Corporation may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage. Environmental laws
may require the Corporation to incur substantial expenses and may materially reduce the affected property s value or limit the Corporation s
ability to use or sell the affected property. In addition, future laws or more stringent interpretations or enforcement policies with
respect to existing laws, may increase the Corporation s exposure to environmental liability. Although the Corporation has policies
and procedures to perform an environmental review before initiating any foreclosure action on real property, these reviews may not be
sufficient to detect all potential environmental hazards. The remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an
environmental hazard could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s financial condition and results of operations. 

If The Corporation Concludes That The Decline In Value Of Any Of
Its Investment Securities Is Other Than Temporary, The Corporation is Required To Write Down The Value Of That Security Through A Charge
To Earnings 

The Corporation reviews the investment securities portfolio at each quarter-end
reporting period to determine whether the fair value is below the current carrying value. When the fair value of any of the investment
securities has declined below its carrying value, the Corporation is required to assess whether the decline is other than temporary. If
it concludes that the decline is other than temporary, it is required to write down the value of that security through a charge to earnings.
Changes in the expected cash flows of these securities and/or prolonged price declines have resulted and may result in concluding in future
periods that there is additional impairment of these securities that is other than temporary, which would require a charge to earnings
to write down these securities to their fair value. Due to the complexity of the calculations and assumptions used in determining whether
an asset is impaired, the impairment disclosed may not accurately reflect the actual impairment in the future. 

The Corporation s Profitability Depends Significantly On Economic
Conditions In The Commonwealth Of Pennsylvania And Its Market Area 

The Corporation s success depends primarily on the general economic
conditions of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and more specifically, the local markets in which the Corporation operates. Unlike larger
national or other regional banks that are more geographically diversified, the Corporation provides banking and financial services to
customers primarily located in Lancaster County, as well as Berks, Chester, and Lebanon Counties. The local economic conditions in these
areas have a significant impact on the demand for the Corporation s products and services as well as the ability of the Corporation s
customers to repay loans, the value of the collateral securing loans, and the stability of the Corporation s deposit funding sources.
A significant decline in general economic conditions, caused by inflation, recession, acts of terrorism, outbreak of hostilities or other
international or domestic occurrences, unemployment, changes in securities markets, or other factors could impact these local economic
conditions and, in turn, have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s financial condition and results of operations. 

The Earnings Of Financial Services Companies Are Significantly Affected
By General Business And Economic Conditions 

The Corporation s operations and profitability are impacted by general
business and economic conditions in the United States and abroad. These conditions include short-term and long-term interest rates, inflation,
money supply, political issues, legislative and regulatory changes, fluctuations in both debt and equity capital markets, broad trends

17 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

in industry and finance, and the strength of the U.S. economy and the local economies in which the Corporation operates, all of which
are beyond the Corporation s control. Deterioration in economic conditions could result in an increase in loan delinquencies and
non-performing assets, decreases in loan collateral values and a decrease in demand for the Corporation s products and services,
among other things, any of which could have a material adverse impact on the Corporation s financial condition and results of operations. 

The Corporation Operates In A Highly Competitive Industry And Market
Area 

The Corporation faces substantial competition in all areas of its operations
from a variety of different competitors, many of which are larger and may have more financial resources. Such competitors primarily include
national, regional, and community banks within the various markets in which the Corporation operates. Additionally, various out-of-state
banks have begun to enter or have announced plans to enter the market areas in which the Corporation currently operates. The Corporation
also faces competition from many other types of financial institutions, including, without limitation, online banks, savings and loans,
credit unions, finance companies, brokerage firms, insurance companies, and other financial intermediaries. The financial services industry
could become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes, and continued consolidation. Banks,
securities firms, and insurance companies can merge under the umbrella of a financial holding company, which can offer virtually any type
of financial service, including banking, securities underwriting, insurance (both agency and underwriting), and merchant banking. Also,
technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for non-banks to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks,
such as automatic transfer and automatic payment systems. Many of the Corporation s competitors have fewer regulatory constraints
and may have lower cost structures. Additionally, due to their size, many competitors may be able to achieve economies of scale and, as
a result, may offer a broader range of products and services as well as better pricing for those products and services than the Corporation
can offer. 

The Corporation s ability to compete successfully depends on a number
of factors, including, among other things: 

The ability to develop, maintain, and build upon long-term customer relationships based on quality service, high ethical standards,
and safe, sound management practices 

The ability to expand the Corporation s market position 

The scope, relevance, and pricing of products and services offered to meet customer needs and demands 

The rate at which the Corporation introduces new products and services relative to its competitors 

Customer satisfaction with the Corporation s level of service 

Industry and general economic trends 

Failure to perform in any of these areas could significantly weaken the
Corporation s competitive position, which could adversely affect the Corporation s growth and profitability and have a material
adverse effect on the Corporation s financial condition and results of operations. 

The Corporation Is Subject To Extensive Government Regulation And
Supervision 

The Corporation is subject to extensive federal and state regulation and
supervision. Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors funds, federal deposit insurance funds, and the banking
system as a whole, not shareholders. These regulations affect the Corporation s lending practices, capital structure, investment
practices, dividend policy, and growth, among other things. Congress and federal regulatory agencies continually review banking laws,
regulations, and policies for possible changes. Changes to statutes, regulations, or regulatory policies, including changes in interpretation
or implementation of statutes, regulations, or policies, could affect the Corporation in substantial and unpredictable ways. Such changes
could subject the Corporation to additional costs, limit the types of financial services and products the Corporation may offer, and/or
increase the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products, among other things. Failure to comply with laws,
regulations, or policies could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil money penalties, and/or reputation damage, which could
have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

While the Corporation has policies and procedures designed to prevent any
such violations, there can be no assurance that such violations will not occur. 

Future Governmental Regulation And Legislation Could Limit The Corporation s
Future Growth 

The Corporation is a registered bank holding company, and its
subsidiary bank is a depository institution whose deposits are insured by the FDIC. As a result, the Corporation is subject to various
regulations and examinations by various regulatory authorities. In general, statutes establish the corporate governance and eligible business
activities for the Corporation, certain acquisition and merger restrictions, limitations on inter-company transactions 

18 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

such as loans and
dividends, capital adequacy requirements, requirements for anti-money laundering programs and other compliance matters, among other regulations.
The Corporation is extensively regulated under federal and state banking laws and regulations that are intended primarily for the protection
of depositors, federal deposit insurance funds and the banking system as a whole. Compliance with these statutes and regulations is important
to the Corporation s ability to engage in new activities and consummate additional acquisitions. In addition, the Corporation is subject to changes in federal and state
tax laws as well as changes in banking and credit regulations, accounting principles and governmental economic and monetary policies.
The Corporation cannot predict whether any of these changes may adversely and materially affect it. Federal and state banking regulators
also possess broad powers to take supervisory actions as they deem appropriate. These supervisory actions may result in higher capital
requirements, higher insurance premiums and limitations on the Corporation s activities that could have a material adverse effect
on its business and profitability. While these statutes are generally designed to minimize potential loss to depositors and the FDIC insurance
funds, they do not eliminate risk, and compliance with such statutes increases the Corporation s expense, requires management s
attention and can be a disadvantage from a competitive standpoint with respect to non-regulated competitors. 

The Regulatory Environment For The Financial Services Industry Is
Being Significantly Impacted By Financial Regulatory Reform Initiatives In The United States And Elsewhere, Including Dodd-Frank And Regulations
Promulgated To Implement It 

Dodd-Frank comprehensively reforms the regulation of financial institutions, products
and services. Dodd-Frank requires various federal regulatory agencies to implement numerous rules and regulations. Because the federal
agencies are granted broad discretion in drafting these rules and regulations, many of the details and the impact of Dodd-Frank may not
be known for many months or years. While much of how the Dodd-Frank and other financial industry reforms will change our current business
operations depends on the specific regulatory reforms and interpretations, Dodd-Frank has had and will continue to have a significant
impact on our business operations as its provisions have taken effect. We believe compliance with Dodd-Frank and implementing its regulations
and initiatives will negatively impact revenue and increase the cost of doing business, both in terms of transition expenses and on an
ongoing basis, and it may also limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities. 

The Corporation s Banking Subsidiary May Be Required To Pay
Higher FDIC Insurance Premiums Or Special Assessments Which May Adversely Affect Its Earnings 

Future bank failures may prompt the
FDIC to increase its premiums above the current levels or to issue special assessments. The Corporation generally is unable to control
the amount of premiums or special assessments that its subsidiary is required to pay for FDIC insurance. Any future changes in the calculation
or assessment of FDIC insurance premiums may have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s results of operations, financial
condition, and the ability to continue to pay dividends on common stock at the current rate or at all. 

The Corporation s Controls And Procedures May Fail Or Be Circumvented 

Management regularly reviews and updates the Corporation s internal
controls, disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies and procedures. Any system of controls, however well designed
and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of
the system are met. Any failure or circumvention of the Corporation s controls and procedures or failure to comply with regulations
related to controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s business, results of operations, and
financial condition. 

New Lines Of Business Or New Products And Services May Subject The
Corporation To Additional Risks 

From time to time, the Corporation may implement new lines of business
or offer new products and services within existing lines of business. There are substantial risks and uncertainties associated with these
efforts, particularly in instances where the markets are not fully developed. In developing and marketing new lines of business and/or
new products and services, the Corporation may invest significant time and resources. Initial timetables for the introduction and development
of new lines of business and/or new products or services may not be achieved and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible.
External factors, such as compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives, and shifting market preferences, may also impact the
successful implementation of a new line of business or a new product or service. Furthermore, any new line of business and/or new product
or service could have a significant impact on the effectiveness of the Corporation s system of internal controls. Failure to successfully
manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business or new products or services could have a material adverse
effect on the Corporation s business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

19 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

The Corporation s Ability To Pay Dividends Depends On Earnings
And Is Subject To Regulatory Limits 

The Corporation s ability to pay dividends is also subject to its
profitability, financial condition, capital expenditures, and other cash flow requirements. Dividend payments are subject to legal and
regulatory limitations, generally based on net profits and retained earnings, imposed by the various banking regulatory agencies. There
is no assurance that the Corporation will have sufficient earnings to be able to pay dividends or generate adequate cash flow to pay dividends
in the future. The Corporation s failure to pay dividends on its common stock could have a material adverse effect on the market
price of its common stock. 

Future Acquisitions May Disrupt The Corporation s Business
And Dilute Stockholder Value 

The Corporation may use its common stock to acquire other companies or
make investments in corporations and other complementary businesses. The Corporation may issue additional shares of common stock to pay
for future acquisitions, which would dilute the ownership interest of current shareholders of the Corporation. Future business acquisitions
could be material to the Corporation, and the degree of success achieved in acquiring and integrating these businesses into the Corporation
could have a material effect on the value of the Corporation s common stock. In addition, any acquisition could require the Corporation
to use substantial cash or other liquid assets or to incur debt. In those events, the Corporation could become more susceptible to economic
downturns and competitive pressures. 

The Corporation May Need To Or Be Required To Raise Additional Capital
In The Future, And Capital May Not Be Available When Needed And On Terms Favorable To Current Shareholders 

Federal banking regulators require
the Corporation and its subsidiary bank to maintain adequate levels of capital to support their operations. These capital levels are determined
and dictated by law, regulation, and banking regulatory agencies. In addition, capital levels are also determined by the Corporation s
management and board of directors based on capital levels that they believe are necessary to support the Corporation s business
operations. 

If the Corporation raises capital
through the issuance of additional shares of its common stock or other securities, it would likely dilute the ownership interests of current
investors and could dilute the per share book value and earnings per share of its common stock. Furthermore, a capital raise through issuance
of additional shares may have an adverse impact on the Corporation s stock price. New investors also may have rights, preferences
and privileges senior to the Corporation s current shareholders, which may adversely impact its current shareholders. The Corporation s ability to
raise additional capital will depend on conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside of its control, and on its financial
performance. Accordingly, the Corporation cannot be certain of its ability to raise additional capital on acceptable terms and acceptable
time frames or to raise additional capital at all. If the Corporation cannot raise additional capital in sufficient amounts when needed,
its ability to comply with regulatory capital requirements could be materially impaired. Additionally, the inability to raise capital
in sufficient amounts may adversely affect the Corporation s financial condition and results of operations. 

The Corporation May Not Be Able To Attract And Retain Skilled People

The Corporation s success highly depends on its ability to attract
and retain key people. Competition for the best people in most activities engaged in by the Corporation can be intense and the Corporation
may not be able to hire people or to retain them. The unexpected loss of services of one or more of the Corporation s key personnel
could have a material adverse impact on the Corporation s business because of their skills, knowledge of the Corporation s
market, years of industry experience, and the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. 

The Corporation s Information Systems May Experience An Interruption
Or Breach In Security 

The Corporation relies heavily on communications and information systems
to conduct its business. Any failure, interruption, or breach in security of these systems could result in failures or disruptions in
the Corporation s customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan, and other systems. While the Corporation has
policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of the failure, interruption, or security breach of its information systems,
there can be no assurance that any such failures, interruptions, or security breaches will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will
be adequately addressed. Further, while the Corporation maintains insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and conditions
including significant self-insured deductibles, cover certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover
all losses. The occurrence of any failures, interruptions, or security breaches of the Corporation s information systems could damage
the Corporation s reputation, adversely affecting customer or consumer confidence, result in a loss of customer business, subject
the Corporation to additional regulatory scrutiny and possible regulatory penalties, or expose the 

20 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

Corporation to civil litigation and
possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s financial condition and results
of operations. 

The Corporation Continually Encounters Technological Change 

The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological
change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. The effective use of technology increases efficiency
and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and to reduce costs. The Corporation s future success depends, in part,
upon its ability to address the needs of its customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer
demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies in the Corporation s operations. Many of the Corporation s competitors
have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. The Corporation may not be able to effectively implement
new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to its customers. Failure to successfully
keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry could have a material adverse impact on the Corporation s
business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The Corporation s Operations Of Its Business, Including Its
Interaction With Customers, Are Increasingly Done Via Electronic Means, And This Has Increased Its Risks Related To Cyber Security 

The Corporation is exposed to the risk of cyber-attacks in the normal course
of business. In general, cyber incidents can result from deliberate attacks or unintentional events. The Corporation has observed an increased
level of attention in the industry focused on cyber-attacks that include, but are not limited to, gaining unauthorized access to digital
systems for purposes of misappropriating assets or sensitive information, corrupting data, or causing operational disruption. To combat
against these attacks, policies and procedures are in place to prevent or limit the effect on the possible security breach of its information
systems. While the Corporation maintains insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and conditions including significant self-insured
deductibles, cover certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses. While the Corporation
has not incurred any material losses related to cyber-attacks, nor is it aware of any specific or threatened cyber-incidents as of the
date of this report, it may incur substantial costs and suffer other negative consequences if it falls victim to successful cyber-attacks.
Such negative consequences could include remediation costs that may include liability for stolen assets or information and repairing system
damage that may have been caused; deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training employees, and engaging third party
experts and consultants; lost revenues resulting from unauthorized use of proprietary information or the failure to retain or attract
customers following an attack; disruption or failures of physical infrastructure, operating systems or networks that support our business
and customers resulting in the loss of customers and business opportunities; additional regulatory scrutiny and possible regulatory penalties;
litigation; and reputational damage adversely affecting customer or investor confidence. 

The Increasing Use Of Social Media Platforms Presents New Risks And
Challenges And Our Inability Or Failure To Recognize, Respond To And Effectively Manage The Accelerated Impact Of Social Media Could Materially
Adversely Impact Our Business 

There has been a marked increase in the use of social media platforms,
including weblogs (blogs), social media websites, and other forms of Internet-based communications which allow individuals access to a
broad audience of consumers and other interested persons. Social media practices in the banking industry are evolving, which creates uncertainty
and risk of noncompliance with regulations applicable to our business. Consumers value readily available information concerning businesses
and their goods and services and often act on such information without further investigation and without regard to its accuracy. Many
social media platforms immediately publish the content their subscribers and participants post, often without filters or checks on accuracy
of the content posted. Information posted on such platforms at any time may be adverse to our interests and/or may be inaccurate. The
dissemination of information online could harm our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations, regardless of
the information s accuracy. The harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. 

Other risks associated with the use of social media include improper disclosure
of proprietary information, negative comments about our business, exposure of personally identifiable information, fraud, out-of-date
information, and improper use by employees and customers. The inappropriate use of social media by our customers or employees could result
in negative consequences including remediation costs including training for employees, additional regulatory scrutiny and possible regulatory
penalties, litigation or negative publicity that could damage our reputation adversely affecting customer or investor confidence. 

21 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

The Corporation Is Subject To Claims And Litigation Pertaining To
Fiduciary Responsibility 

From time to time, customers make claims and take legal action pertaining
to the Corporation s performance of its fiduciary responsibilities. Whether customer claims and legal action related to the Corporation s
performance of its fiduciary responsibilities are founded or unfounded, if such claims and legal actions are not resolved in a manner
favorable to the Corporation, they may result in significant financial liability and/or adversely affect the market perception of the
Corporation and its products and services as well as impact customer demand for those products and services. Any financial liability or
reputation damage could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Financial Services Companies Depend On The Accuracy And Completeness
Of Information About Customers And Counterparties 

In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions,
the Corporation may rely on information furnished by, or on behalf of, customers and counterparties, including financial statements, credit
reports, and other financial information. The Corporation may also rely on representations of those customers, counterparties, or other
third parties, such as independent auditors, as to the accuracy and completeness of that information. Reliance on inaccurate or misleading
financial statements, credit reports, or other financial information could have a material adverse impact on the Corporation s business
and, in turn, the Corporation s financial condition and results of operations. 

Consumers May Decide Not To Use Banks To Complete Their Financial
Transactions 

Technology and other changes are allowing parties to complete financial
transactions that historically have involved banks through alternative methods. For example, consumers can now maintain funds that would
have historically been held as bank deposits in brokerage accounts or mutual funds. Consumers can also complete transactions such as paying
bills and/or transferring funds directly without the assistance of banks. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as
 disintermediation, could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the related income
generated from those deposits. The loss of these revenue streams and the lower cost deposits as a source of funds could have a material
adverse effect on the Corporation s financial condition and results of operations. 

A Change In Control Of The United States Government And Issues Relating
To Debt And The Deficit May Adversely Affect The Corporation 

The outcome of future elections could result in changes in control of the
federal government and bring significant changes (or uncertainty) in governmental policies, regulatory environments, spending sentiment
and many other factors and conditions, some of which could adversely impact the Corporation s business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

Other Events 

Natural Disasters, Acts Of War Or Terrorism, Domestic and International
Instability, Pandemics, and Other External Events Could Significantly Impact The Corporation s Business 

Severe weather, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism, domestic and
international instability, pandemics, and other adverse external events could have a significant impact on the Corporation s ability
to conduct business. Such events could affect the stability of the Corporation s deposit base; impair the ability of borrowers to
repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, cause significant property damage, result in loss of revenue,
and/or cause the Corporation to incur additional expenses. Severe weather or natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism, pandemics, or
other adverse external events, may occur in the future. Although management has established disaster recovery policies and procedures,
the occurrence of any such event could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s business, financial condition, and results
of operations. 

Risks Associated With The Corporation s Common Stock 

The Corporation s Stock Price Can Be Volatile 

Stock price volatility may make it more difficult for shareholders to resell
their shares of common stock when they desire and at prices they find attractive. The Corporation s stock price can fluctuate significantly
in response to a variety of factors including, among other things: 

Actual or anticipated variations in quarterly results of operations 

22 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

Recommendations by securities analysts 

Operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to the Corporation 

News reports relating to trends, concerns, and other issues in the financial services industry 

Perceptions in the marketplace regarding the Corporation and/or its competitors 

New technology used, or services offered, by competitors 

Significant acquisitions or business combinations, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments by, or involving, the Corporation or its competitors 

Changes in government regulations 

Geopolitical conditions such as acts or
 threats of terrorism or military conflicts 

General market fluctuations, industry factors, and general economic and
political conditions and events, such as economic slowdowns or recessions, interest rate changes, or credit loss trends, could also cause
the Corporation s stock price to decrease regardless of operating results. 

The Trading Volume In The Corporation s Common Stock Is Less
Than That Of Other Larger Financial Services Companies 

The Corporation s common stock is listed for trading on the OTCQX
Best Market (OTCQX) under the symbol ENBP. The trading volume in its common stock is a fraction of that of other larger financial services
companies. A public trading market having the desired characteristics of depth, liquidity, and orderliness depends on the presence in
the marketplace of willing buyers and sellers of the Corporation s common stock at any given time. This presence depends on the
individual decisions of investors and general economic and market conditions over which the Corporation has no control. Given the lower
trading volume of the Corporation s common stock, significant sales of the Corporation s common stock, or the expectation
of these sales, could cause the Corporation s stock price to fall. 

An Investment In The Corporation s Common Stock Is Not An Insured
Deposit 

The Corporation s common stock is not a bank deposit and, therefore,
is not insured against loss by the FDIC, any other deposit insurance fund, or by any other public or private entity. Investment in the
Corporation s common stock is inherently risky for the reasons described in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere
in this report and is subject to the same market forces that affect the price of common stock in any company. As a result, an investor
in the Corporation s common stock may lose some or all of their investment. 

The Corporation s Articles Of Incorporation And Bylaws,
As Well As Certain Banking Laws, May Have An Anti-Takeover Effect 

Provisions of the Corporation s articles of incorporation and bylaws,
federal banking laws, including regulatory approval requirements, and the Corporation s stock purchase rights plan, could make it
more difficult for a third party to acquire the Corporation, even if doing so would be perceived to be beneficial to the Corporation s
shareholders. The combination of these provisions effectively inhibits a non-negotiated merger or other business combination that could
adversely affect the market price of the Corporation s common stock. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None 

Item 2. Properties 

As of December 31, 2022, ENB Financial Corp and Ephrata National Bank owned
and leased buildings in the normal course of business. The headquarters of ENB Financial Corp and main office of Ephrata National Bank
is at 31 East Main Street, Ephrata, Pennsylvania. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank owned 18 properties and leased five properties. These
properties are adequate for their intended and present utilization. 

For more information concerning the amounts recorded for premises and equipment
and commitments under current leasing agreements, see Notes D and Q of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report on Form 10-K. 

23 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

The nature of the Corporation s business generates a certain amount
of litigation involving matters arising in the ordinary course of business; however, in the opinion of management, there are no material
proceedings pending to which the Corporation is a party to, or which would be material in relation to the Corporation s financial
condition. There are no proceedings pending other than ordinary routine litigation incident to the business of the Corporation. In addition,
no material proceedings are pending, known to be threatened, or contemplated against the Corporation by governmental authorities. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not Applicable 

Part II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

The Corporation has only one class of stock authorized, issued, and outstanding,
which consists of common stock with a par value of 0.10 per share. As of December 31, 2022, there were 24,000,000 shares of common stock
authorized with 5,739,114 shares issued, and 5,635,533 shares outstanding to approximately 847 shareholders. The Corporation s common
stock is traded on a limited basis on the OTCQX Best Market under the symbol ENBP. Prices presented in the table below reflect
high and low prices of actual transactions known to management. Prices and dividends per share are adjusted for stock splits. Market quotations
reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark up, mark down, or commission and may not reflect actual transactions. 

2022 
 2021 

High 
 Low 
 Dividend 
 High 
 Low 
 Dividend 

First quarter 
 22.40 
 21.15 
 0.17 
 22.00 
 18.60 
 0.16 
 
 Second quarter 
 22.40 
 17.67 
 0.17 
 22.00 
 20.70 
 0.17 
 
 Third quarter 
 18.55 
 16.10 
 0.17 
 23.75 
 21.13 
 0.17 
 
 Fourth quarter 
 18.03 
 16.00 
 0.17 
 22.23 
 21.15 
 0.17 

Dividends 

The Corporation, and before it the Bank, since 1973 has generally paid
quarterly cash dividends on or around March 15, June 15, September 15, and December 15 of each year. The Corporation currently expects
to continue the practice of paying regular quarterly cash dividends to its shareholders for the foreseeable future. However, future dividends
are dependent upon future earnings and legal restrictions. The dividend payments reflected above amount to a dividend payout ratio between
25.0 and 26.0 for 2021 and 2022, respectively. The dividend payout ratio is only one element of management s plan for managing
capital. Certain laws restrict the amount of dividends that may be paid to shareholders in any given year. In addition, under Pennsylvania
corporate law, the Corporation may not pay a dividend if, after issuing the dividend (1) the Corporation would be unable to pay its debts
as they become due, or (2) the Corporation s total assets would be less than its total liabilities plus the amount needed to satisfy
any preferential rights of shareholders. In addition, as declared by the Board of Directors, Ephrata National Bank s dividend restrictions
apply indirectly to ENB Financial Corp because cash available for dividend distributions will initially come from dividends Ephrata National
Bank pays to ENB Financial Corp. See Note M to the consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-K filing, for information that discusses
and quantifies this regulatory restriction. 

ENB Financial Corp offers its shareholders the convenience of a Dividend
Reinvestment Plan (DRP) and the direct deposit of cash dividends. The DRP gives shareholders registered with the Corporation the opportunity
to have their quarterly dividends invested automatically in additional shares of the Corporation s common stock. Shareholders who
prefer a cash dividend may have their quarterly dividends deposited directly into a checking or savings account at their financial institution.
For additional information on either program, contact the Corporation s stock registrar and dividend paying agent, Computershare
Shareholder Services, P.O. Box 505000, Louisville, KY 40233-5000. 

24 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

Purchases 

The following table details the Corporation s purchase of its own
common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

Issuer Purchase of Equity Securites 

Total Number of 
 Maximum Number 

Total Number 
 Average 
 Shares Purchased 
 of Shares that May 

of Shares 
 Price Paid 
 as Part of Publicly 
 Yet be Purchased 
 
 Period 
 Purchased 
 Per Share 
 Announced Plans 
 Under the Plan 

October 2022 

164,100 
 
 November 2022 
 3,456 
 18.06 
 3,456 
 160,644 
 
 December 2022 

160,644 

Total 
 3,456 

On October 21, 2020, the Board of Directors of the Corporation approved a plan to repurchase, in the open market
and privately renegotiated transactions, up to 200,000 shares of its outstanding common stock. This plan replaces the 2019 plan. The first
purchase of common stock under this plan occurred on October 28, 2020. By December 31, 2022, a total of 39,356 shares were repurchased
at a total cost of 785,020, for an average cost per share of 19.95. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities and Equity Compensation Plan 

The Corporation does not have an equity compensation plan and has not
sold any unregistered securities. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

25 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis represents management s view
of the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with
the consolidated financial statements and other financial schedules included in this annual report. The financial condition and results
of operations presented are not indicative of future performance. 

Strategic Overview 

ENB Financial Corp and its wholly owned subsidiary, Ephrata National Bank,
are committed to remaining an independent community bank serving its market area. The Corporation s roots date back to the April
11, 1881 charter granted to Ephrata National Bank by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. The Bank s growth has been entirely
organic over 141 years of existence. The Board and Management are committed to the principles and values that have served the company
well over its history and the desire is to produce strong financial results that will ensure trust from the Bank s customers and
favorable returns to the shareholders. 

Results of Operations 

Overview 

The year ended December 31, 2022 was positively impacted by a number of
items resulting in solid financial results. The Corporation grew interest-earning assets rapidly during 2022 resulting in significantly
higher levels of net interest income. The growth in net interest income was also supported by the rapid increase in the Federal Funds
rate and concurrently the Prime rate as the Federal Reserve moved to combat inflation by increasing overnight rates dramatically. While
years prior to 2022 were marked by significant balance sheet growth because of growth in the deposit portfolio, 2022 was marked by significant
loan growth. 

The Corporation recorded net income of 14,631,000 for the year ended December
31, 2022, a 285,000, or 1.9 decrease from the year ended December 31, 2021. The earnings per share, basic and diluted, were 2.62 in
2022, compared to 2.68 in 2021, a 2.2 decrease. The decrease in the Corporation s 2022 earnings was caused primarily by a decline
in non-interest income in addition to an increase in operating expenses and provision expense that was partially offset by the increase
in net interest income. 

The Corporation s net interest income
(NII) increased by 10,012,000, or 24.7 , in 2022, compared to 2021. The increase in NII primarily resulted from an increase in interest
and fees on loans of 7,698,000, or 22.5 , and interest on securities available for sale of 4,406,000, or 49.8 . Interest expense on
deposits and borrowings increased by 2,356,000, or 78.0 , in 2022 compared to the prior year. The increasing interest rate environment
has caused an increase in asset yield, but also an increase in the cost of funds, which has resulted in these much higher levels of net
interest income. 

The Corporation recorded a 1,300,000 provision
for loan losses in 2022, compared to 475,000 in 2021. The higher provision in 2022 was primarily caused by the rapid volume growth in
the loan portfolio. The increase in the provision was constrained by a decline in classified loan balances throughout the year and a decrease
in several qualitative factors as a result of improved conditions. 

Non-interest income excluding security and mortgage gains increased by
 951,000, or 8.4 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year, due to many positive trends such as higher trust
income, higher service fees, and higher earnings on bank-owned life insurance from two death benefit payouts. Mortgage gains decreased
in 2022 to 1,302,000, compared to 5,526,000 in 2021. Mortgage production was stable in 2022 compared to 2021, but the rapid market rate
increases affected the margin that the Corporation was able to obtain on the sale of mortgages. The majority of mortgage production during
2022 were adjustable rate mortgages that were generated and retained on the Corporation s balance sheet. Additionally, gains on
debt and equity securities were 1,044,000, or 99.1 lower in 2022 compared to the prior year due to higher interest rates which resulted
in fewer security sales. 

26 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Management s Discussion and Analysis 

The financial services industry uses two primary performance measurements
to gauge performance: return on average assets (ROA) and return on average equity (ROE). ROA measures how efficiently a bank generates
income based on the amount of assets or size of a company. ROE measures the efficiency of a company in generating income based on the
amount of equity or capital utilized. 

Key Performance Ratios 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Return on Average Assets 
 0.83 
 0.95 

Return on Average Equity 
 13.63 
 11.16 

The results of the Corporation s operations are best explained by
addressing in further detail the five major sections of the income statement, which are as follows: 

Net interest income 

Provision for loan losses 

Other income 

Operating expenses 

Income taxes 

The following discussion analyzes each of these five
components. 

Net Interest Income 

NII represents the largest portion of the Corporation s operating
income. In 2022, NII generated 78.9 of the Corporation s revenue stream, which consists of NII and non-interest income, compared
to 69.4 in 2021. This increase is a result of much higher levels of interest-earning assets in 2022 compared to 2021 with lower non-interest
income as a result of the changes in mortgage activity. The overall performance of the Corporation is highly dependent on the changes
in NII since it comprises such a significant portion of operating income. 

The following table shows a summary analysis of NII on a fully taxable
equivalent (FTE) basis. For analytical purposes and throughout this discussion, yields, rates, and measurements such as NII, net interest
spread, and net yield on interest earning assets are presented on an FTE basis. The FTE NII shown in both tables below will exceed the
NII reported on the consolidated statements of income, which is not shown on an FTE basis. 

Net Interest Income 

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Total interest income 
 55,959 
 43,591 
 
 Total interest expense 
 5,376 
 3,020 

Net interest income 
 50,583 
 40,571 
 
 Tax equivalent adjustment 
 1,210 
 1,141 

Net interest income 

(fully taxable equivalent) 
 51,793 
 41,712 

NII is the difference between interest income earned on assets and interest
expense incurred on liabilities. Accordingly, two factors affect NII: 

27 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Management s Discussion and Analysis 

The rates charged on interest earning assets and paid on interest bearing liabilities 

The average balance of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities 

NII is impacted by yields earned on assets and rates paid on liabilities.
With the rapid increase in the short-term Federal Reserve rates in 2022, asset yields have increased and the U.S. Treasury curve increased
dramatically on the short end but has been relatively flat on the long end. 

As a result of a larger balance sheet in 2022, with higher asset yields,
the Corporation s NII on a tax equivalent basis increased significantly and the Corporation s margin increased to 3.03 for
year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.81 in 2021. Loan and investment yields were higher in 2022 due to the 425 basis point Fed
rate increases during the year positively impacting yields on variable rate instruments and increasing the yields on new volume. The Corporation s
NII on a tax equivalent basis in 2022 increased over 2021, by 10,081,000, or 24.2 . 

The Corporation s overall cost of funds on a monthly annualized basis,
including non-interest bearing funds, remained stable through the first half of 2022 between 18 and 22 basis points. In the second half
of the year, core deposit interest rates as well as time deposit rates were increased resulting in a much higher cost of funds for the
second half of 2022 ranging between 25 and 67 basis points. The average balance and interest rates of borrowings was higher in 2022 compared
to 2021, resulting in higher interest expense of 509,000, or 39.9 . The Corporation now carries a total of 40 million of subordinated
debt that was issued at the holding company; 20 million beginning on December 30, 2020, at a rate of 4.00 , and 20 million beginning
on July 22, 2022, at a rate of 5.75 . The additional subordinated debt resulted in an increase in interest expense of 511,000, or 63.9 ,
when comparing 2022 to 2021. 

The following table provides an analysis of year-to-year changes in net
interest income by distinguishing what changes were a result of average balance increases or decreases and what changes were a result
of interest rate increases or decreases. 

RATE/VOLUME ANALYSIS OF CHANGES IN NET INTEREST INCOME 

(TAXABLE EQUIVALENT BASIS, DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

2022 vs. 2021 
 2021 vs. 2020 

Increase (Decrease) 
 Increase (Decrease) 

Due To Change In 
 Due To Change In 

Net 

Net 

Average 
 Interest 
 Increase 
 Average 
 Interest 
 Increase 

Balances 
 Rates 
 (Decrease) 
 Balances 
 Rates 
 (Decrease) 

INTEREST INCOME 

Interest on deposits at other banks 
 (48 
 129 
 81 
 65 
 (114 
 (49 

Securities available for sale: 

Taxable 
 855 
 3,419 
 4,274 
 1,844 
 (987 
 857 
 
 Tax-exempt 
 440 
 (187 
 253 
 2,139 
 (548 
 1,591 
 
 Total securities 
 1,295 
 3,232 
 4,527 
 3,983 
 (1,535 
 2,448 
 
 Loans 
 7,041 
 713 
 7,754 
 2,180 
 (2,597 
 (417 
 
 Regulatory stock 
 1 
 74 
 75 
 (64 
 (94 
 (158 

Total interest income 
 8,289 
 4,148 
 12,437 
 6,164 
 (4,340 
 1,824 

INTEREST EXPENSE 

Deposits: 

Demand deposits 
 42 
 1,572 
 1,614 
 99 
 (441 
 (342 
 
 Savings deposits 
 11 
 18 
 29 
 16 
 (14 
 2 
 
 Time deposits 
 (5 
 (31 
 (36 
 (109 
 (547 
 (656 
 
 Total deposits 
 48 
 1,559 
 1,607 
 6 
 (1,002 
 (996 

Borrowings: 

Total borrowings 
 509 
 240 
 749 
 25 
 145 
 170 

Total interest expense 
 557 
 1,799 
 2,356 
 31 
 (857 
 (826 

NET INTEREST INCOME 
 7,732 
 2,349 
 10,081 
 6,133 
 (3,483 
 2,650 

28 

Table of Contents 
 ENB FINANCIAL CORP 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

In 2022, the Corporation s NII on an FTE basis increased by 10,081,000,
a 24.2 increase over 2021. Total interest income increased 12,437,000, or 27.8 , while interest expense increased 2,356,000, or 78.0 ,
from 2021 to 2022. The FTE interest income from the securities portfolio increased by 4,527,000, or 45.4 , while loan interest income
increased 7,754,000, or 22.5 . During 2022, additional loan volume added 7,041,000 to net interest income, and higher yields primarily
due to the Prime rate increases in 2022, caused a 713,000 increase. Higher balances in the securities portfolio caused an increase of
 1,295,000 in net interest income, while higher yields on securities caused a 3,232,000 increase, resulting in a net increase of 4,527,000. 

The average balance of interest bearing liabilities increased by 16.3 
during 2022, driven by the growth in deposit and borrowings balances. Deposit rates increased in 2022 causing a significant increase in
interest expense. Higher interest rates contributed to 1,559,000 of increased interest expense while higher deposit balances caused 48,000
of increased expense, resulting in a total increase in interest expense of 1,607,000. 

Interest-bearing demand deposits repriced causing a large increase in interest
expense due to the large quantity of accounts that were adjusted. Demand deposit interest expense increased a total of 1,614,000 in 2022,
with 1,572,000 due to higher rates, while higher balances caused an increase of 42,000. Higher balances in savings accounts caused an
increase of 11,000, while higher rates caused an increase of 18,000, resulting in the net increase in interest expense of 29,000 on
savings deposits. Time deposit balances declined throughout 2022, resulting in lower interest expense of 5,000, while lower rates caused
a decline of 31,000, resulting in a net decrease of 36,000. While some time deposit rates increased towards the end of 2022, time deposits
were still repricing to lower levels throughout the majority of the year. 

The average balance of total borrowings increased by 17,295,000, or 24.5 ,
from December 31, 2021, to December 31, 2022. The increase in total borrowings increased interest expense by 509,000. Higher rates on
borrowings, affected by the Fed rate increases and the subordinated debt issued in July 2022, resulted in higher interest expense of 240,000.
The aggregate of these amounts was an increase in interest expense of 749,000 related to total borrowings. 

The following table shows a more detailed analysis of net interest income
on an FTE basis shown with all the major elements of the Corporation s balance sheet, which consists of interest earning and non-interest
earning assets and interest bearing and non-interest bearing liabilities. Additionally, the analysis provides the net interest spread
and the net yield on interest earning assets. The net interest spread is the difference between the yield on interest earning assets and
the interest rate paid on interest bearing liabilities. The net interest spread has the deficiency of not giving credit for the non-interest
bearing funds and capital used to fund a portion of the total interest earning assets. For this reason, management emphasizes the net
yield on interest earning assets, also referred to as the net interest margin (NIM). The NIM is calculated by dividing net interest income
on an FTE basis into total average interest earning assets. The NIM is generally the benchmark used by analysts to measure how efficiently
a bank generates NII. 

29 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Management s Discussion and Analysis 

COMPARATIVE AVERAGE BALANCE SHEETS AND NET INTEREST INCOME 

(TAXABLE EQUIVALENT BASIS, DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Average 
 
 Yield/ 
 Average 
 
 Yield/ 

Balance 
 Interest 
 Rate 
 Balance 
 Interest 
 Rate 

ASSETS 

Interest earning assets: 

Federal funds sold and 

deposits at other banks 
 35,710 
 172 
 0.48 
 59,199 
 91 
 0.15 

Securities available for sale: 

Taxable 
 419,323 
 9,275 
 2.21 
 363,883 
 5,001 
 1.37 
 
 Tax-exempt 
 202,868 
 5,226 
 2.58 
 185,972 
 4,973 
 2.67 
 
 Total securities (d) 
 622,191 
 14,501 
 2.33 
 549,855 
 9,974 
 1.81 

Loans (a) 
 1,043,065 
 42,142 
 4.04 
 868,460 
 34,388 
 3.96 

Regulatory stock 
 5,894 
 354 
 6.01 
 5,870 
 279 
 4.75 

Total interest earning assets 
 1,706,860 
 57,169 
 3.35 
 1,483,384 
 44,732 
 3.02 

Non-interest earning assets (d) 
 57,510 

82,827 

Total assets 
 1,764,370 

1,566,211 

LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Interest bearing liabilities: 

Demand deposits 
 415,749 
 1,784 
 0.43 
 344,783 
 170 
 0.05 
 
 Savings accounts 
 365,460 
 92 
 0.03 
 315,161 
 63 
 0.02 
 
 Time deposits 
 116,615 
 874 
 0.75 
 117,320 
 910 
 0.78 
 
 Borrowed funds 
 87,768 
 2,626 
 2.99 
 70,473 
 1,877 
 2.66 
 
 Total interest bearing liabilities 
 985,592 
 5,376 
 0.55 
 847,737 
 3,020 
 0.36 

Non-interest bearing liabilities: 

Demand deposits 
 664,116 

579,996 

Other 
 7,305 

4,867 

Total liabilities 
 1,657,013 

1,432,600 

Stockholders' equity 
 107,357 

133,611 

Total liabilities stockholders' equity 
 1,764,370 

1,566,211 

Net interest income (FTE) 
 
 51,793 

41,712 

Net interest spread (b) 

2.80 

2.66 
 
 Effect of non-interest bearing funds 

0.23 

0.15 
 
 Net yield on interest earning assets (c) 

3.03 

2.81 

(a) Includes balances of non-accrual loans
and the recognition of any related interest income. Average balances also include net deferred loan costs of 2,239,000
in 2022 and 1,755,000 in 2021. Such fees recognized through income and included in the interest amounts totaled 175,000) in 2022
and 1,201,000 in 2021. 

(b) Net interest spread is the arithmetic difference
between the yield on interest earning assets and the rate paid on interest bearing liabilities. 

(c) Net yield, also referred to as net interest
margin, is computed by dividing net interest income (FTE) by total interest earning assets. 

(d) Securities recorded at amortized cost. Unrealized holding gains and losses are included in non-interest earning assets. 

30 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Management s Discussion and Analysis 

The Corporation s average balance on securities increased by 72.3
million, or 13.2 , in 2022 compared to 2021 and the tax equivalent yield on investments increased by 52 basis points. Interest income
on securities increased due to the volume growth and increasing yield due to higher market rates. The growth in the investment portfolio
during a period of rising rates contributed to the increase in average security yield. 

Average balances on loans increased by 174.6 million, or 20.1 , for the
year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year. Loan yields increased by 8 basis points for the year and loan interest income
increased 7,754,000, or 22.5 as a result of the significantly higher balances and slightly higher yields. 

The average balance of interest-bearing deposit accounts increased by 120.6
million, or 15.5 , in 2022 compared to 2021. While the average balance of time deposits did decrease minimally for the year-to-date time
periods, the average balance of demand and savings accounts increased significantly and more than offset the decline in time deposits.
The interest rate paid on deposits increased as well. This resulted in an increase in interest expense on deposits of 1,607,000, or 140.6 ,
for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2021 mostly due to the participation in the fully-reciprocal demand deposit marketplace
program. 

The Corporation s average balance on borrowed funds increased by
 17.3 million in 2022. The Corporation s borrowed funds consist of overnight borrowings, short and long-term FHLB advances, as well
as subordinated debt issued in December of 2020 and July of 2022, which was used to support capital growth for the Corporation. The subordinated
debt issuances and additional FHLB advances used to fund loan growth caused average borrowings to increase year-over-year. The rate paid
on borrowed funds increased by 33 basis points for 2022, compared to 2021 as a result of the second issuance of subordinated debt in July
of 2022 which carries a 5.75 rate, and additional FHLB advances which carried higher rates due to the Fed Funds rate increases throughout
2022. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the net interest spread increased
by 14 basis points to 2.80 , compared to 2.66 for 2021. The effect of non-interest bearing funds increased to 23 basis points from 15
basis points when comparing both years. The effect of non-interest bearing funds refers to the benefit gained from deposits on which the
Corporation does not pay interest. As rates go higher, the benefit of non-interest bearing deposits increases because there is more difference
between non-interest bearing funds and interest bearing liabilities. The Corporation s NIM for 2022 was 3.03 , compared to 2.81 
for 2021. 

Provision for Loan Losses 

The allowance for credit losses (ACL) provides for losses inherent in the
loan portfolio as determined by a quarterly analysis and calculation of various factors related to the loan portfolio. The amount of the
provision reflects the adjustment management determines necessary to ensure the ACL is adequate to cover any losses inherent in the loan
portfolio. The Corporation gives special attention to the level of underperforming loans when calculating the necessary provision for
loan losses. The analysis of the credit loss allowance takes into consideration, among other things, the following factors: 

levels and trends in delinquencies, non-accruals, and charge-offs, 

levels of classified loans, 

trends within the loan portfolio, 

changes in lending policies and procedures, 

experience of lending personnel and management oversight, 

national and local economic trends, 

concentrations of credit, 

external factors such as legal and regulatory requirements, 

changes in the quality of loan review and Board oversight, and 

changes in the value of underlying collateral. 

The Corporation recorded a provision of 1,300,000 in 2022, compared to
 475,000 in 2021. The provision expense was higher in 2022 due primarily to increased loan growth. As of December 31, 2022, the allowance
as a percentage of total loans was 1.19 , compared to 1.40 at December 31, 2021. 

Management continues to evaluate the allowance for credit losses in relation
to the growth or decline of the loan portfolio and its associated credit risk, and believes the provision and the allowance for credit
losses are adequate to provide for future losses. For further discussion of the calculation, see the Allowance for Credit Losses 
section. 

31 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Other Income 

Other income for 2022 was 13,564,000, a decrease of 4,317,000, or 24.1 ,
compared to the 17,881,000 earned in 2021. The following table details the categories that comprise other income. 

OTHER INCOME 

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

2022 vs. 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 Increase (Decrease) 

Trust and investment services 
 2,643 
 2,362 
 281 
 11.9 
 
 Service charges on deposit accounts 
 1,348 
 1,069 
 279 
 26.1 
 
 Other fees 
 1,590 
 1,443 
 147 
 10.2 
 
 Commissions 
 3,663 
 3,702 
 (39 
 (1.1 
 
 Net gains on debt and equity securities 
 10 
 1,054 
 (1,044 
 (99.1 
 
 Gains on sale of mortgages 
 1,302 
 5,526 
 (4,224 
 (76.4 
 
 Earnings on bank-owned life insurance 
 1,583 
 880 
 703 
 79.9 
 
 Other miscellaneous income 
 1,425 
 1,845 
 (420 
 (22.8 

Total other income 
 13,564 
 17,881 
 (4,317 
 (24.1 

Trust and investment services income increased by 11.9 from 2021 to 2022
primarily as a result of higher income on the trust services side which increased by 336,000, or 24.8 . Service charges on deposit accounts
increased by 279,000, or 26.1 compared to the prior year and other fees have increased by 147,000, or 10.2 as a result of higher fees
on a third party sweep product in 2022 slightly offset by lower loan administration fees. Commissions remained stable for the year ended
December 31, 2022, compared to 2021. Gains on debt and equity securities were lower in 2022 driven by higher market interest rates which
resulted in fewer sales. Mortgage gains were lower in 2022 due to rapid increase in interest rates which negatively impacted the margins
on mortgages sold. Additionally, more mortgage originations in 2022 were in the form of adjustable-rate mortgages held on the Corporation s
balance sheet as opposed to 2021 when most mortgage originations were fixed-rate and sold on the secondary market. Holding mortgages on
balance sheet results in interest income as opposed to an immediate gain on sale when mortgages are sold in the secondary market. Earnings
on bank-owned life insurance increased year-over-year primarily attributed to two Bank Owned Life Insurance (BOLI) payouts. The Corporation
purchased and is the beneficiary of all BOLI life insurance policies taken out on a group of its former directors and current and former
officers. Due to the death of two participants during 2022, the Corporation recorded BOLI income of 678,000. Other miscellaneous income
decreased 420,000, or 22.8 in 2022 compared to 2021 due to non-recurring income items in 2021. 

32 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses for 2022 were 45,929,000, an increase of 5,488,000,
or 13.6 , compared to 40,441,000 in 2021. The following table provides details of the Corporation s operating expenses for the
last two years along with the percentage increase or decrease compared to the previous year. 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

2022 vs. 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 Increase (Decrease) 

Salaries and employee benefits 
 27,324 
 24,465 
 2,859 
 11.7 
 
 Occupancy expenses 
 2,846 
 2,621 
 225 
 8.6 
 
 Equipment expenses 
 1,240 
 1,053 
 187 
 17.8 
 
 Advertising marketing expenses 
 1,083 
 992 
 91 
 9.2 
 
 Computer software data processing expenses 
 5,591 
 4,420 
 1,171 
 26.5 
 
 Shares tax 
 1,380 
 1,282 
 98 
 7.6 
 
 Professional services 
 2,743 
 2,099 
 644 
 30.7 
 
 Other operating expenses 
 3,722 
 3,509 
 213 
 6.1 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 45,929 
 40,441 
 5,488 
 13.6 

Salaries and employee benefits are the largest category of operating expenses.
For the year 2022, salaries and benefits increased 2,859,000, or 11.7 , compared to 2021. The increase in salary costs was primarily
due to additions to staff as well as increasing costs to fill empty positions due to the competitive job market. Additionally, a bank-wide
incentive plan was implemented during 2022, resulting in an accrual for the year-to-date period based on achievements of annual performance
metrics. Occupancy and equipment expenses increased 8.6 from the prior year mostly due to two additional leases that were entered into
in 2022. Advertising and marketing expenses increased by 9.2 , which is typical as the Corporation grows and promotes new market areas
and new products and services. Computer software and data processing expenses are growing at a rapid pace, 26.5 year-over year, as a
result of higher technology costs and new bank-wide initiatives that rely heavily on software platforms and additional costs related to
the core conversion the Corporation will be undergoing in the 3 rd quarter of 2023. Shares tax expense is based on the Corporation s
level of shareholders equity and has grown slightly year-over-year commensurate with the change in shareholders equity.
Professional services expenses increased by 30.7 in 2022, compared to the prior year driven higher by an increase in outside services
costs primarily related to the core conversion. Other operating expenses increased by 6.1 year-over-year primarily as a result of higher
general insurance and FDIC insurance costs. 

Income Taxes 

Nearly all of the Corporation s income is taxed at a corporate rate
of 21 for Federal income tax purposes. The Corporation is also subject to Pennsylvania Corporate Net Income Tax; however, very limited
taxable activity is conducted at the corporate level. The Corporation s wholly owned subsidiary, Ephrata National Bank, is not subject
to state income tax, but does pay Pennsylvania Bank Shares Tax. The Bank Shares Tax expense appears on the Corporation s Consolidated
Statements of Income under operating expenses. 

Certain items of income are not subject to Federal income tax, such as
tax-exempt interest income on loans and securities, and increases in the cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance; therefore,
the effective income tax rate for the Corporation is lower than the stated tax rate. The effective tax rate is calculated by dividing
the Corporation s provision for income tax by the pre-tax income for the applicable period. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Corporation recorded a tax provision of 2,287,000, compared to 2,620,000 for 2021 .
This decrease in tax expense can be attributed to lower pretax earnings and a higher level of tax-free income. The effective tax
rate for the Corporation was 13.5 for 2022 and 14.9 for 2021. The Corporation s effective tax rate is lower than the 21 corporate
rate as a result of tax-free assets that the Corporation holds on its balance sheet. The majority of the Corporation s tax-free
assets are in the form of obligations of states and political subdivisions, referred to as municipal bonds. The Corporation also has a
relatively small component of tax-free municipal loans. 

33 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Financial Condition 

Balance Sheet Overview and Liquidity 

We maintain liquid assets at adequate levels
in order to meet the needs of our balance sheet. Our primary source of liquidity is core deposits and our available-for-sale investment
portfolio both of which provide more than enough liquidity to fund loans to customers and any other funding needs. 

A portion of our liquidity consists of cash and cash equivalents and borrowings. At December 31, 2022, cash and equivalents
amounted to 37.6 million, a decrease of 120.8 million, or 76.3 , from balances at December 31, 2021. Our primary sources of cash
are principal repayments on loans, proceeds from the sales, calls, and maturities of investment securities, principal repayments of mortgage-backed
securities and asset-backed, and increases in deposit accounts. As of December 31, 2022, we had borrowings outstanding
from the FHLB of 74.0 million and subordinated debt of 39.4 million. 

At December 31, 2022, we had 596.4 million
in loan commitments outstanding, which included 117.5 million in firm loan commitments, 467.8 million in unused lines of credit, and
open letters of credit of 11.1 million. Certificates of deposit due within one year totaled 55.6 million, or 41.6 of certificates of
deposit. We believe, based on past experience that a significant portion of our certificates of deposit will remain with us upon maturity
and we have ample liquidity outside of these funds. We have the ability to attract and retain deposits by adjusting the interest rates
offered. 

As reported in the Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows, our cash flows are classified for financial reporting purposes as operating, investing or financing cash flows. Net cash
provided by operating activities was 21.6 million and 13.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net
cash used for investing activities was 315.8 million and 195.2 million in fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively, reflecting our loan
and investment security activities in the respective periods. Cash provided by financing activities amounted to 173.3 million and 245.5
million for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively primarily representing increases in our core deposits through the year. 

Investment Securities 

The Corporation classifies all of its debt securities as available for
sale and reports the portfolio at fair market value. As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation had 538.3 million of debt and equity securities,
compared to 567.1 million at December 31, 2021, a decrease of 28.8 million, or 5.1 . 

The largest movements within the securities portfolio were shaped by market
factors, such as: 

slope of the U.S. Treasury curve and projected forward rates 

interest spread versus U.S. Treasury rates on the various securities 

pricing of the instruments, including supply and demand for the product 

structure of the instruments, including duration and average life 

portfolio weightings versus policy guidelines 

prepayment speeds on mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations 

credit risk of each instrument and risk-based capital considerations 

Federal income tax considerations with regard to obligations of tax-free states and political subdivisions. 

The Corporation s U.S. Treasury sector increased by 17.8 million,
or 120.5 , since December 31, 2021. U.S. Treasuries represent a safe credit at a market appropriate yield which added some diversity to
the portfolio. The Corporation s U.S. government agency sector decreased by 4.2 million, or 14.6 , since December 31, 2021. Agency
MBS and CMO investments in total have declined by 10.3 million, or 12.4 . These bonds pay monthly principal and interest and the Corporation
has not reinvested into this sector, so the fair value has been declining. The Corporation began investing in non-agency MBS and CMO instruments
in 2022 as a way to achieve a higher yield with bonds that are well protected from a credit standpoint. As of December 31, 2022, this
sector stood at 50.3 million. 

The Corporation s asset-backed securities (ABS) decreased significantly
since December 31, 2021, by 28.0 million, or 27.6 . ABS securities are floating rate student loan pools which are instruments that perform
well in a rates-up 

34 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Management s Discussion and Analysis 

environment and offset the interest rate risk of the longer fixed-rate municipal bonds. These securities provide a
variable rate return materially above the overnight Federal funds rate in a safe investment with a risk rating very similar to that of
U.S. Agency bonds. The asset-backed securities generally provide monthly principal and interest payments to complement the Corporation s
ongoing cash flows. Management views the ABS sector as a safe, higher yielding option than cash, with the qualities of cash in a rates-up
environment. 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions, or municipal bonds, consist
of both tax-free and taxable securities. They carry the longest duration on average of any instrument in the securities portfolio but
have a higher yield because of the longer interest rate risk. These instruments also experience significant fair market value gains and
losses when interest rates decrease and increase. The Corporation sold some municipal bonds during 2022 and the rapid increase in market
interest rates caused the unrealized losses on these bonds to increase dramatically. As a result, the fair value of this sector declined
by 41.7 million, or 16.8 from December 31, 2021, to December 31, 2022. Municipal bonds represented 38.9 of the debt securities portfolio
as of December 31, 2022, compared to 44.3 as of December 31, 2021. 

As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Corporation s corporate
bonds decreased by 12.9 million, or 15.6 , from balances at December 31, 2021. Corporate bonds add diversity to the portfolio and provide
strong yields for short maturities; however, by their very nature, corporate bonds carry a higher level of credit risk should the entity
experience financial difficulties. The fair value of corporate bonds decreased primarily as a result of maturing bonds as well as a significant
increase in the level of unrealized losses within this portfolio. 

The following table shows the weighted-average life and yield on the Corporation s
debt securities by maturity intervals as of December 31, 2022, based on amortized cost. All of the Corporation s securities are
classified as available for sale and are reported at fair value; however, for purposes of this schedule they are shown at amortized cost.
Securities are assigned to categories based on stated contractual maturity except for MBS and CMOs, which are based on anticipated payment
periods. 

SECURITIES PORTFOLIO MATURITY ANALYSIS 

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

Within 
 1 - 5 
 5 - 10 
 Over 10 

1 Year 
 Years 
 Years 
 Years 
 Total 

Yield 
 
 Yield 
 
 Yield 
 
 Yield 
 
 Yield 

U.S. Treasuries 

20,890 
 1.62 
 14,847 
 1.40 

35,737 
 1.53 
 
 U.S. government agencies 
 8,205 
 1.28 
 19,400 
 0.78 
 
 0.00 

27,605 
 0.93 
 
 U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities 
 177 
 1.64 
 34,832 
 2.53 
 14,520 
 1.78 
 410 
 2.96 
 49,939 
 2.31 
 
 U.S. agency collateralized mortgage obligations 
 2,099 
 1.37 
 14,226 
 2.93 
 13,868 
 1.61 
 
 0.00 
 30,193 
 2.22 
 
 Non Agency MBS/CMO 
 2,823 
 2.96 
 29,346 
 4.89 
 17,872 
 3.60 
 3,859 
 5.19 
 53,900 
 4.38 
 
 Corporate bonds 
 12,007 
 4.93 
 40,287 
 2.11 
 24,391 
 3.13 

76,685 
 2.88 
 
 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

1,202 
 1.30 
 27,579 
 2.26 
 211,321 
 2.02 
 240,102 
 2.04 
 
 Asset-backed securities 

20,370 
 4.98 
 55,740 
 5.05 

76,110 
 5.03 

Total securities available for sale 
 25,311 
 3.21 
 180,553 
 2.83 
 168,817 
 3.28 
 215,590 
 2.08 
 590,271 
 2.70 

Loans 

Net loans outstanding increased 269.0 million, or 29.6 , from 908.0 million
at December 31, 2021, to 1.2 billion at December 31, 2022. Most major loan categories showed an increase in balances over the prior year
but the majority of loan growth came from the commercial and consumer real estate categories. The Corporation s strategic plan specifically
focused on loan growth while maintaining quality of credit standards. This focus resulted in significant loan growth across most loan
segments in 2022. 

Commercial real estate loans increased to 518.8 million at December 31,
2022, from 400.8 million at December 31, 2021, a 29.4 increase. Commercial mortgages increased by 33.4 million, or 18.8 , agriculture
mortgages increased 

35 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Management s Discussion and Analysis 

by 17.4 million, or 8.6 , and commercial construction loans increased by 67.2 million, or 341.9 from December 31,
2021, to December 31, 2022. The increase in the commercial construction loans was a direct result of reclassification of 1-4 family residential
loans, representing loans now properly coded as construction that were previously included in the consumer real estate sector. 

The consumer real estate category represents the largest group of loans
for the Corporation. The consumer residential real estate category of total loans increased from 403.9 million on December 31, 2021,
to 520.6 million on December 31, 2022, a 28.9 increase. This category includes closed-end fixed rate or adjustable rate residential
real estate loans secured by 1-4 family residential properties, including first and junior liens, and floating rate home equity loans.
The first lien 1-4 family mortgages increased by 93.3 million, or 29.4 , from December 31, 2021, to December 31, 2022. The vast majority
of the first lien 1-4 family closed end loans consist of single family personal first lien residential mortgages and home equity loans,
with the remainder consisting of 1-4 family residential non-owner-occupied mortgages. During 2022, mortgage production decreased 11 from
the prior year. The decrease in overall production was caused largely by an increasing interest rate environment, which resulted
in a reduction in refinance activity, and a shift in consumer demand from secondary market fixed-rate products to portfolio adjustable-rate
products. The percentage of mortgage originations that went into the Corporation s held-for-investment mortgage portfolio
increased to 85 compared to 63 in 2021. The change in the interest rate environment created a dramatic shift in overall mix: 39 
of volume in 2022 was purchase, 44 was residential construction lending, and only 17 was refinance activity. The volume of mortgage
production in 2022 led to a 43 increase in growth of the held-for-investment residential loan portfolio but only a 3 increase in the
servicing on behalf of others portfolio, with mortgage servicing rights growing to over 2.0 million. 

As of December 31, 2022, the remainder of the residential real estate loans
consisted of 11.9 million of fixed rate junior lien home equity loans, and 98.3 million of variable rate home equity lines of credit
(HELOCs). This compares to 11.2 million of fixed rate junior lien home equity loans, and 75.7 million of HELOCs as of December 31, 2021.
Therefore, combined, these two types of home equity loans increased from 86.9 million to 110.3 million, an increase of 26.9 . 

The other area of commercial lending is non-real estate secured commercial
lending, referred to as commercial and industrial lending. Commercial and industrial loans not secured by real estate loans increased
from 109.3 million at December 31, 2021, to 143.3 million at December 31, 2022, a 31.1 increase. The commercial and industrial category
generally includes unsecured lines of credit, truck, equipment, and receivable and inventory loans, in addition to tax-free loans to municipalities. 

Consumer loans not secured by real estate represent a very small portion
of the Corporation s loan portfolio, at 5.8 million as of December 31, 2022 and 5.1 million as of December 31, 2021. These loans
consist of personal loans, automobile loans, and other consumer-related loans. 

36 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Management s Discussion and Analysis 

The following tables show the maturities for the loan portfolio as of December
31, 2022, by time frame for the major categories, and also the loans, which are floating or fixed, maturing after one year. 

LOAN MATURITIES 

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

Due After 
 Due After 

One Year 
 Five Years 

Due in One 
 Through 
 Through 
 Due After 

Year or Less 
 Five Years 
 15 Years 
 15 Years 
 Total 

Commercial real estate 

Commercial mortgages 
 8,866 
 16,154 
 84,154 
 101,649 
 210,823 
 
 Agriculture mortgages 
 11,734 
 3,446 
 59,535 
 146,452 
 221,167 
 
 Construction 
 15,510 
 7,753 
 8,761 
 54,769 
 86,793 
 
 Total commercial real estate 
 36,110 
 27,353 
 152,450 
 302,870 
 518,783 

Consumer real estate 

1-4 family residential mortgages 
 5,551 
 12,276 
 67,577 
 324,897 
 410,301 
 
 Home equity loans 
 5,754 
 2,087 
 3,069 
 1,027 
 11,937 
 
 Home equity lines of credit 
 156 
 4,314 
 23,851 
 70,028 
 98,349 
 
 Total consumer real estate 
 11,461 
 18,677 
 94,497 
 395,952 
 520,587 

Commercial and industrial 

Commercial and industrial 
 24,948 
 34,681 
 27,399 
 500 
 87,528 
 
 Tax-free loans 
 9 
 6,187 
 6,335 
 16,133 
 28,664 
 
 Agriculture loans 
 18,094 
 5,271 
 3,757 
 
 27,122 
 
 Total commercial and industrial 
 43,051 
 46,139 
 37,491 
 16,633 
 143,314 

Consumer 
 2,369 
 3,305 
 95 
 
 5,769 
 
 Total amount due 
 92,991 
 95,474 
 284,533 
 715,455 
 1,188,453 

FIXED AND FLOATING RATE LOANS DUE AFTER ONE YEAR 

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

Floating or 

Fixed Rates 
 Adjustable Rates 
 Total 

Commercial real estate 

Commercial mortgages 
 61,606 
 140,351 
 201,957 
 
 Agriculture mortgages 
 15,580 
 193,853 
 209,433 
 
 Construction 
 22,299 
 48,984 
 71,283 
 
 Total commercial real estate 
 99,485 
 383,188 
 482,673 

Consumer real estate 

1-4 family residential mortgages 
 167,132 
 237,618 
 404,750 
 
 Home equity loans 
 3,595 
 2,588 
 6,183 
 
 Home equity lines of credit 
 26,128 
 72,065 
 98,193 
 
 Total consumer real estate 
 196,855 
 312,271 
 509,126 

Commercial and industrial 

Commercial and industrial 
 53,268 
 9,312 
 62,580 
 
 Tax-free loans 
 7,728 
 20,927 
 28,655 
 
 Agriculture loans 
 8,612 
 416 
 9,028 
 
 Total commercial and industrial 
 69,608 
 30,655 
 100,263 

Consumer 
 3,400 
 
 3,400 

Total amount due 
 369,348 
 726,114 
 1,095,462 

37 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Management s Discussion and Analysis 

The majority of the Corporation s fixed-rate loans have a maturity
date longer than five years. The primary reason for the longevity of the portfolio is the high percentage of real estate loans, which
typically have maturities of 15 or 20 years. Out of all the loans due after one year, 369.3 million, or 33.7 , are fixed-rate loans as
of December 31, 2022. These loans will not reprice to a higher or lower interest rate unless they mature or are refinanced by the borrower.
The remaining 726.1 million, or 66.3 of loans due after one year, are made up of loans that are true floating loans and loans that will
reprice at a predetermined time in the amortization of the loan. True floating rate loans that would immediately reprice according to
changes in the Prime rate are favorable in reducing the Corporation s total exposure to interest rate risk and fair value risk should
interest rates increase. 

For more details regarding how the length of the loan portfolio and its
repricing affects interest rate risk, please see Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

Non-Performing Assets 

Non-performing assets include: 

Non-accrual loans 

Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing 

Troubled debt restructurings 

Other real estate owned 

NON-PERFORMING ASSETS 

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Non-accrual loans 
 4,178 
 2,556 
 
 Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing 
 169 
 325 
 
 Troubled debt restructurings, non-performing 

Total non-performing loans 
 4,347 
 2,881 

Other real estate owned 

Total non-performing assets 
 4,347 
 2,881 

Non-accrual loans to total loans 
 0.35 
 0.28 
 
 Non-performing loans to total loans 
 0.36 
 0.31 
 
 Allowance for credit losses to total loans 
 1.19 
 1.40 
 
 Allowance for credit losses to non-accrual loans 
 338.70 
 505.91 
 
 Allowance for credit losses to non-performing loans 
 325.53 
 448.84 

Non-performing assets increased by 1,466,000, or 50.9 , from December 31, 2021, to December 31, 2022, primarily 

as a result of increases in non-accrual loans and partially offset by a
decline in loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing. Several customer relationships were added to non-accrual during 2022 resulting
in an increase of 1,622,000 in the total balance of non-accrual loans. As of December 31, 2022, there were twelve loans to ten unrelated
borrowers totaling 4,178,000 on non-accrual compared to fifteen loans to seven unrelated borrowers totaling 2,556,000 as of December
31, 2021. The largest non-accrual relationship at December 31, 2022, was a commercial mortgage to a single borrower with a balance of
 931,000. 

Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing declined by 156,000
during 2022 partially offsetting the increases in non-accrual loans. There were no loans considered non-performing troubled debt restructurings
(TDR) as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. A TDR is a loan where management has granted a concession to the borrower from the original terms.
A concession is generally granted in order to improve the financial position of the borrower and improve the likelihood of full collection
by the lender. 

Management continues to monitor delinquency trends and the level of non-performing
loans as a leading indicator of future credit risk. At this time, management believes that the potential for material losses related to
non-performing loans remains low but is likely to trend higher in recessionary periods. It is far more likely the level of non-performing

38 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Management s Discussion and Analysis 

assets would increase than decline to lower levels. The level of the Corporation s non-performing loans remains very low relative
to the size of the portfolio and relative to peers. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Corporation had no properties classified
as other real estate owned (OREO). Expenses related to OREO are included in other operating expenses and gains or losses on the sale
of OREO are included in other income on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Allowance for Credit Losses 

The allowance for credit losses is established to cover any losses inherent
in the loan portfolio. Management reviews the adequacy of the allowance each quarter based upon a detailed analysis and calculation of
the allowance for credit losses. This calculation is based upon a systematic methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses
in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The calculation includes estimates and is based upon losses inherent
in the loan portfolio. The calculation, and detailed analysis supporting it, emphasizes the level of delinquent, non-performing and classified
loans. The allowance calculation includes specific provisions for non-performing loans and general allocations to cover anticipated losses
on all loan types based on historical losses. Based on the quarterly loan loss calculation, management will adjust the allowance for credit
losses through the provision as necessary. Changes to the allowance for credit losses during the year are primarily affected by three
events: 

Charge off of loans considered not recoverable 

Recovery of loans previously charged off 

Provision or credit for loan losses 

The Corporation s strong credit and collateral policies have been
instrumental in producing a favorable history of loan losses. In recent years, the Corporation has primarily recorded provision expenses
in order to account for the growth in the loan portfolio as well as make adjustments for increasing levels of delinquencies and classified
loans. 

39 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Management s Discussion and Analysis 

The Net Charge-Off table below shows the net charge-offs as a percentage
of average loans outstanding for each segment of the Corporation s loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Net Charge-Offs 

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

2022 
 2021 

Loans charged-off: 

Commercial real estate 
 84 

Consumer real estate 
 
 20 
 
 Commercial and industrial 
 44 

Consumer 
 19 
 35 
 
 Total loans charged-off 
 147 
 55 

Recoveries of loans previously charged-off 

Commercial real estate 
 10 
 109 
 
 Consumer real estate 
 10 
 2 
 
 Commercial and industrial 
 42 
 56 
 
 Consumer 
 5 
 17 
 
 Total recoveries 
 67 
 184 

Net charge-offs (recoveries) 

Commercial real estate 
 74 
 (109 
 
 Consumer real estate 
 (10 
 18 
 
 Commercial and industrial 
 2 
 (56 
 
 Consumer 
 14 
 18 
 
 Total net charge-offs (recoveries) 
 80 
 (129 

Average loans outstanding 

Commercial real estate 
 435,738 
 357,727 
 
 Consumer real estate 
 416,824 
 328,969 
 
 Commercial and industrial 
 184,483 
 176,212 
 
 Consumer 
 6,020 
 5,552 
 
 Total average loans outstanding 
 1,043,065 
 868,460 

Net charge-offs (recoveries) as a of average loans outstanding 

Commercial real estate 
 0.02 
 (0.03 
 
 Consumer real estate 
 0.00 
 0.01 
 
 Commercial and industrial 
 0.00 
 (0.03 
 
 Consumer 
 0.23 
 0.32 
 
 Total net charge-offs (recoveries) as a of average loans outstanding 
 0.01 
 (0.01 

The net charge-offs as a percentage of average total loans outstanding
indicates the percentage of the Corporation s total loan portfolio that has been charged off during the period. The Corporation
has historically experienced very low net charge-off percentages due to conservative credit practices. During 2022, charge-offs exceeded
recoveries by 80,000, representing a net charge-off position of 0.01 of average loans outstanding as reflected above. 

40 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Management s Discussion and Analysis 

The following table provides the allocation of the Corporation s
allowance for credit losses by major loan classifications. The percentage of loans indicates the percentage of the loan portfolio represented
by the indicated loan type. 

ALLOCATION OF RESERVE 

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

of 
 
 of 

Loans 
 
 Loans 

Real estate 
 11,516 
 87.5 
 10,097 
 87.5 
 
 Commercial and industrial 
 2,151 
 12.0 
 2,112 
 11.9 
 
 Consumer 
 67 
 0.5 
 87 
 0.6 
 
 Unallocated 
 417 
 
 635 

Total allowance for loan losses 
 14,151 
 100.0 
 12,931 
 100.0 

Real estate loans represent 87.5 of total loans with
81.4 of the allowance covering these loans. Real estate secured loans have historically experienced lower losses than non-real estate
secured loans, accounting for the difference. Commercial and industrial loans not secured by real estate have historically experienced
higher loan losses as a percentage of balances and therefore require a larger relative percentage of the reserve. The reserve allocated
to these loans has increased and decreased in recent years, but has not changed significantly as a percentage of total loans. For 2022,
the dollar amount of allocation for commercial and industrial loans increased by 39,000, or 1.8 , with this allocation accounting for
15.2 of the total allowance as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, commercial and industrial loans make up 12.0 of all loans.
The amount of allowance allocated to consumer loans has always been very small as generally consumer loans more than 90 days delinquent
are charged off. The amount of allowance allocated to consumer loans and personal loans is based on historical losses and qualitative
factors. 

The 417,000 unallocated portion of the allowance as of December 31, 2022,
decreased from the balance at the end of 2021, and the unallocated portion as a percentage of the total allowance decreased from 4.9 
at December 31, 2021, to 2.9 at December 31, 2022. 

Premises and Equipment 

Premises and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation,
increased by 857,000, or 3.5 , from December 31, 2021, to December 31, 2022. During 2022, capital investments were made by the Corporation
in various projects including the improvements at the leased Quarryville office as well as normal ongoing capital needs. The Corporation
had 1,298,000 in construction in process at the end of 2022 compared to 369,000 at the end of 2021. These balances consisted of amounts
for projects or equipment not yet placed in service as of each year-end. For further information on fixed assets refer to Note D to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Regulatory Stock 

The Corporation owns multiple forms of regulatory stock
that is required to be a member of the Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) and members of banks such as the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) of Pittsburgh
and Atlantic Community Bankers Bank (ACBB). The Corporation s 6,670,000 of regulatory stock holdings as of December 31, 2022, consisted
of 5,552,000 of FHLB of Pittsburgh stock, 1,081,000 of FRB stock, and 37,000 of Atlantic Community Bancshares, Inc. stock, the Bank
Holding Company of ACBB. All of these stocks are valued at a stable dollar price, which is the price used to purchase or liquidate shares;
therefore, the investment is carried at book value and there is no fair market value adjustment. 

Bank-Owned Life Insurance (BOLI) 

The Corporation owned life insurance with a total recorded cash surrender
value (CSV) of 34,805,000 on December 31, 2022, compared to 35,414,000 on December 31, 2021. The Corporation holds two distinct BOLI
programs. The first, with a CSV of 4,771,000, was the result of insurance policies taken out on directors of the Corporation electing
to participate in a directors deferred compensation plan. This CSV declined by 499,000 in 2022 due to the death of a participant
which resulted in a death benefit payout and a decrease in the total policy value. The program was designed 

41 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Management s Discussion and Analysis 

to use the insurance policies
to fund future annuity payments as part of a directors deferred compensation plan that permitted deferral of Board pay from 1979
through 1999. The second BOLI plan was originated in 2006 when life insurance was first taken out on a select group of the Corporation s
officers. The additional income generated from this BOLI plan is to assist in offsetting the rising cost of benefits currently being provided
to all employees. The CSV of this plan was 30,034,000, a decrease of 110,000 from the prior year-end. There was also a participant death
in this plan during 2022 which resulted in the decline in balance. 

Deposits 

The Corporation s total ending deposits at December 31, 2022, increased
by 126.7 million, or 8.4 , from December 31, 2021. Customer deposits are the Corporation s primary source of funding for loans
and securities. Deposit balances grew rapidly in 2021 and prior years due to the very low interest rate environment and the few options
available for customers to earn a return on their investment. During 2022, the Corporation grew deposits at a slower pace due to the rapidly
rising rate environment and the options available to customers. 

The Deposits by Major Classification table, shown below, provides the average
balances of each category for December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

DEPOSITS BY MAJOR CLASSIFICATION 

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

Average balances and average rates paid on deposits
by major category are summarized as follows: 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Non-interest bearing demand 
 664,116 
 
 579,996 

Interest-bearing demand 
 117,123 
 1.24 
 55,819 
 0.10 
 
 NOW accounts 
 131,613 
 0.05 
 130,328 
 0.03 
 
 Money market deposit accounts 
 167,013 
 0.16 
 158,635 
 0.05 
 
 Savings accounts 
 365,460 
 0.03 
 315,161 
 0.02 
 
 Time deposits 
 116,615 
 0.75 
 117,320 
 0.78 
 
 Total deposits 
 1,561,940 
 
 1,357,259 

The average balance of the Corporation s core deposits
increased by 204.7 million, or 15.1 , from December 31, 2021, to December 31, 2022. Non-interest bearing demand accounts grew by 84.1
million, or 14.5 , and are the Corporation s cheapest source of funding for balance sheet growth. Interest-bearing demand accounts
grew by 61.3 million, or 109.8 , as a result of participating in the reciprocal program for an off-balance sheet sweep product. Money
market account average balances increased by 8.4 million, or 5.3 , and savings accounts increased by 50.3 million, or 16.0 , from December
31, 2021, to December 31, 2022. Time deposits are typically a more rate-sensitive product making them a less reliable source of funding.
Time deposits fluctuate as consumers search for the best rates in the market, with less allegiance to any particular financial institution.
In 2022, time deposits declined very slightly, by 705,000, or 0.6 , compared to average balances at December 31, 2021. 

As of December 31, 2022, time deposits over 250,000 made up 7.2 of the
total time deposits. This compares to 7.3 on December 31, 2021. The total dollar amount of time deposits over 250,000 increased 1,364,000,
or 16.4 , from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. Since time deposits over 250,000 are made up of relatively few customers with
large dollar accounts, management monitors these accounts closely due to the potential for these deposits to rapidly increase or decrease.
The following table provides the total amount of time deposits of 250,000 or more for the past two years by maturity distribution. 

42 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Management s Discussion and Analysis 

MATURITY OF TIME DEPOSITS OF 250,000 OR MORE 

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Three months or less 
 1,940 
 1,592 
 
 Over three months through six months 
 517 
 575 
 
 Over six months through twelve months 
 877 
 1,655 
 
 Over twelve months 
 6,351 
 4,499 
 
 Total 
 9,685 
 8,321 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total uninsured deposits of the Corporation
were approximately 380,064,000 and 313,122,000, respectively. Total uninsured deposits is calculated based on regulatory reporting requirements
and reflects the portion of any deposit of a customer at an insured depository institution that exceeds the applicable FDIC insurance
coverage for that depositor at that institution and amounts in any other uninsured investment or deposit accounts that are classified
as deposits and not subject to any federal or state deposit insurance regime. 

Borrowings 

Total borrowings were 113.4 million as of December 31, 2022, and 63.9
million as of December 31, 2021. The Corporation had 16.0 million in short-term borrowings at December 31, 2022, and no short-term borrowings
the prior year-end. Long-term borrowings with the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) increased to 58.0 million as of December 31, 2022, from
 44.2 million as of December 31, 2021. These borrowings are used as a secondary source of funding and to mitigate interest rate risk.
The increase in long-term FHLB borrowing balances during the year related to strong loan growth and a desire to hedge against potential
deposit runoff as a result of the challenging economic environment. As of December 31, 2022, all the borrowings of FHLB were fixed-rate
loans. The Corporation continues to be well under the FHLB maximum borrowing capacity which is 575.7 million as of December 31, 2022. 

In addition to the long-term advances funded through the FHLB, the
Corporation completed two sales of a subordinated debt note offering. The Corporation sold 20.0 million of subordinated debt notes in
December 2020 with a maturity date of December 30, 2030 and another 20.0 million in July 2022 with a maturity date of September 30, 2032.
These notes are non-callable for 5 years and carry a fixed interest rate of 4.00 and 5.75 , respectively, for 5 years and then convert
to a floating rate for the remainder of the term. The notes can be redeemed at par beginning 5 years prior to maturity. The notes are
structured to qualify as Tier 2 capital for the Corporation and any funds it invests in the Bank qualify as Tier 1 capital at the Bank.
As of December 31, 2022, 33.0 million of funds were invested in the Bank. The Corporation paid an issuance fee of 2 that will be amortized
to the call date on a pro-rata basis. 

Stockholders Equity 

Federal regulatory authorities require banks to meet minimum capital levels.
The Corporation, as well as the Bank, as the solely owned subsidiary of the Corporation, maintains capital ratios well above those minimum
levels. The risk-weighted capital ratios are calculated by dividing capital by total risk-weighted assets. Regulatory guidelines determine
the risk-weighted assets by assigning assets to specific risk-weighted categories. The calculation of tier I capital to risk-weighted
average assets does not include an add-back to capital for the amount of the allowance for credit losses, thereby making this ratio lower
than the total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio. 

The consolidated asset limit on small bank holding companies is 3 billion
and a company with assets under that limit is not subject to the consolidated capital rules but may disclose capital amounts and ratios.
The Corporation has elected to disclose those amounts and ratios. 

43 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Management s Discussion and Analysis 

The following tables reflect the capital ratios for the Corporation and
Bank compared to the regulatory capital requirements. 

REGULATORY CAPITAL RATIOS: 

Regulatory Requirements 

Adequately 
 Well 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 Capital Ratios 
 Capitalized 
 Capitalized 
 
 Total Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

Consolidated 
 15.0 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Bank 
 14.5 
 8.0 
 10.0 

Tier 1 Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

Consolidated 
 10.9 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Bank 
 13.4 
 6.0 
 8.0 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

Consolidated 
 10.9 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Bank 
 13.4 
 4.5 
 6.5 

Tier 1 Capital to Average Assets 

Consolidated 
 7.6 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Bank 
 9.3 
 4.0 
 5.0 

As of December 31, 2021 

Total Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

Consolidated 
 15.6 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Bank 
 14.9 
 8.0 
 10.0 

Tier I Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

Consolidated 
 12.5 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Bank 
 13.6 
 6.0 
 8.0 

Common Equity Tier I Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

Consolidated 
 12.5 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Bank 
 13.6 
 4.5 
 6.5 

Tier I Capital to Average Assets 

Consolidated 
 8.2 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Bank 
 9.1 
 4.0 
 5.0 

As of December 31, 2022 the Bank s Tier 1 Leverage Ratio stood at
9.3 while the Corporation s Tier 1 Leverage Ratio was 7.6 . Tier 1 Capital levels at the Corporation level were not impacted by
the subordinated debt issue since subordinated debt only qualifies as Tier 2 Capital at the corporate level. As such, in terms of the
Corporation s regulatory capital ratios, only the Total Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets ratio was enhanced as a result of the 40
million subordinated debt issue. Most of the marked improvement in capital ratios occurred at the Bank level. 

Since the Corporation elected to opt-out of the requirement to include most components
of accumulated other comprehensive income in calculating regulatory capital, the significant devaluation of the investment portfolio that
resulted in a higher level of unrealized losses, has not affected the regulatory capital. But the changes in investment unrealized gains
and losses impact tangible capital on the balance sheet on an ongoing basis and were adversely impacted by the dramatic increase in market
interest rates during 2022. 

Contractual Cash Obligations 

The Corporation has a number of contractual obligations that arise from
the normal course of business. The following table summarizes the contractual cash obligations of the Corporation as of December 31, 2022,
and shows the future periods in which settlement of the obligations is expected. The contractual obligation numbers below do not include
accrued interest. Refer to Note O to the Consolidated Financial Statements referenced in the table for additional details regarding these
obligations. 

44 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Management s Discussion and Analysis 

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

Less than 
 1-3 
 4-5 
 More than 

1 year 
 years 
 years 
 5 years 
 Total 

Time deposits (Note F) 
 55,614 
 57,304 
 20,911 
 
 133,829 
 
 Borrowings (Notes G and H) 
 29,816 
 50,150 
 33,469 
 
 113,435 
 
 Operating Leases (Note Q) 
 450 
 800 
 467 
 1,428 
 3,145 

Total contractual obligations 
 85,880 
 108,254 
 54,847 
 1,428 
 250,409 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

In the normal course of business, the Corporation typically has off-balance
sheet arrangements related to loan funding commitments. These arrangements may impact the Corporation s financial condition and
liquidity if they were to be exercised within a short period of time. As discussed in the liquidity section to follow, the Corporation
has in place sufficient liquidity alternatives to meet these obligations. The following table presents information on the commitments
by the Corporation as of December 31, 2022. For further details regarding off-balance sheet arrangements, refer to Note O to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

December 31, 

2022 

Commitments to extend credit: 

Revolving home equity loans 
 195,327 
 
 Construction loans 
 71,093 
 
 Real estate loans 
 112,335 
 
 Business loans 
 199,367 
 
 Consumer loans 
 1,386 
 
 Other 
 5,823 
 
 Standby letters of credit 
 11,084 

Total 
 596,415 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The presentation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect many of
the reported amounts and disclosures. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 

Allowance for Credit Losses 

A material estimate that is particularly susceptible to significant change
is the determination of the allowance for credit losses. Management believes that the allowance for credit losses is adequate and reasonable.
The Corporation s methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses is described in an earlier section of Management s
Discussion and Analysis. Given the very subjective nature of identifying and valuing credit losses, it is likely that well-informed individuals
could make materially different assumptions and, therefore, calculate a materially different allowance amount. Management uses available
information to recognize losses on loans; however, changes in economic conditions may necessitate revisions. In addition, various regulatory
agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review the Corporation s allowance for credit losses. Such
agencies may require the Corporation 

45 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Management s Discussion and Analysis 

to recognize adjustments to the allowance based on their judgments of information available to them
at the time of their examination. 

Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities 

ASC Topic 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received to
sell the financial asset or paid to transfer the financial liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date. The degree of management judgment involved in determining the fair value of assets and liabilities is dependent upon the availability
of quoted market prices or observable market parameters. For financial instruments that trade actively and have quoted market prices or
observable market parameters, there is minimal subjectivity involved in measuring fair value. When observable market prices and parameters
are not fully available, management judgment is necessary to estimate fair value. In addition, changes in market conditions may reduce
the availability of quoted prices or observable data. See Note R to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a complete discussion and
summary of the Corporation s use of fair valuation of assets and liabilities and the related measurement techniques. 

Other than Temporary Impairment of Securities 

Securities are evaluated periodically to determine whether a decline in
their value is other than temporary. Management utilizes criteria such as the magnitude and duration of the decline, in addition to the
reasons underlying the decline, to determine whether the loss in value is other than temporary. The term other than temporary 
is not intended to indicate that the decline is permanent. It indicates that the prospect of a near-term recovery of value is not necessarily
favorable or that there is a lack of evidence to support fair values equal to, or greater than, the carrying value of the security. Once
a decline in value is determined to be other than temporary, the value of the security is reduced and a corresponding charge to earnings
is recognized. 

Deferred Tax Assets 

The Corporation uses an estimate of future earnings to support the position
that the benefit of deferred tax assets will be realized. If future income should prove non-existent or less than the amount of the deferred
tax assets within the tax years to which they may be applied, the asset may not be realized and the Corporation s net income will
be reduced. Deferred tax assets are described further in Note L to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

46 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

As a financial institution, the Corporation is subject to four primary
market risks: Credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk, and fair value risk. The Board of Directors has established an Asset Liability
Management Committee (ALCO) to measure, monitor, and manage these four primary market risks. The Asset Liability Policy has instituted
guidelines for all of these primary risks, as well as other financial performance measurements with target ranges. The Asset Liability
goals and guidelines are consistent with the Corporation s Strategic Plan goals. 

For discussion on credit risk, refer to the sections on non-performing
assets, allowance for credit losses, Note C, and Note P to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Liquidity 

Liquidity refers to having an adequate supply of cash available to meet
business needs. Financial institutions must ensure that there is adequate liquidity to meet a variety of funding needs, at a minimal cost.
Funding new loans and covering deposit withdrawals are the primary liquidity needs of the Corporation. The Corporation uses a variety
of funding sources to meet liquidity needs, such as: Deposits, loan repayments, paydowns, maturities, and sales of investment securities,
borrowings, and current earnings. 

One of the measurements used in liquidity planning is the Maturity Gap
Analysis. The Maturity Gap Analysis below measures the amount of assets maturing within various time frames versus liabilities maturing
in those same periods. These time frames are referred to as gaps and are reported on a cumulative basis. For instance, the one-year gap
shows all assets maturing one year or less from a specific date versus the total liabilities maturing in the same time period. The gap
is then expressed as a percentage of assets over liabilities. Mismatches between assets and liabilities maturing are identified and assist
management in determining potential liquidity issues. 

The maturity gap analysis does not include non-interest earning assets
and non-interest bearing liabilities, with the exception of non-interest bearing demand deposit accounts. The non-interest bearing demand
deposits are considered additional deposit liabilities with no associated interest expense, which acts to lower the overall interest rate
paid on total deposits. 

Gap ratios have been decreasing for the Corporation throughout 2022. The
Corporation s assets are getting longer, with very low levels of cash and cash equivalents. Meanwhile the Corporation s core
deposit liabilities continue to model as long liabilities, while the complement of shorter term time deposits continue to decline. 

The size and length of the Corporation s core deposit liabilities
provide the most extension in terms of lengthening the liabilities on the balance sheet. The length of the core deposits is significantly
longer than the Corporation s longest term deposits and wholesale borrowings. As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation had low cash
levels due to loan growth. This has caused a decline in the short-term gap ratios resulting in the six-month ratio of 41.7 and the one-year
ratio of 107.5 . In a rising rate environment, having more assets maturing than liabilities is beneficial because those assets can be
reinvested at higher yields. 

The table below shows the six-month, one-year, three-year, and five-year
cumulative gaps as of December 31, 2022, for the Bank, along with the cumulative maturity gap guidelines monitored by management. For
the purposes of this analysis, core deposits without a specific maturity date are spread across all time periods based on historical behavior. 

MATURITY GAP ANALYSIS 

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

More than 
 More than 
 More than 

Less than 
 6 months 
 1 year 
 3 years 
 More than 
 
 Maturity Gap 
 6 months 
 to 1 year 
 to 3 years 
 to 5 years 
 5 years 

Assets maturing 
 135,546 
 110,752 
 377,791 
 306,298 
 897,418 
 
 Liabilities maturing 
 325,021 
 103,028 
 168,340 
 174,781 
 955,558 
 
 Maturity gap 
 (189,475 
 7,724 
 209,451 
 131,517 
 (58,140 
 
 Cumulative maturity gap 
 (189,475 
 (181,751 
 27,700 
 159,217 
 101,077 

Maturity gap 
 41.7 
 107.5 
 224.4 
 175.2 
 93.9 

Cumulative maturity gap 
 41.7 
 57.5 
 104.6 
 120.6 
 105.9 

47 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Management s Discussion and Analysis 

As of December 31, 2022, cumulative maturity gap ratios were on the low
side for up to a year and less indicating that there are more liabilities maturing in the short time frames than assets. For the six-month
time frame, the gap ratio was 41.7 and for the 1-year cumulative gap, the ratio was 57.5 . For the 1 year to 3 years, the cumulative
gap was 104.6 , representing a higher level of asset maturities versus liabilities. For the 3 to 5 year time frame, the cumulative gap
was 120.6 , and for the over 5 year time frame, the cumulative gap was 105.9 . In a rising rate environment, higher gap ratios are beneficial
as assets can reprice to the higher rates; however, lower gap ratios are harmful in a rising rate environment as liabilities would potentially
be repricing to higher rates. Management anticipates higher deposit and borrowings costs with limited savings on the liability side in
2023. Management will continue to monitor all gap ratios to ensure proper positioning for future interest rate cycles. 

It is likely that with some competition pricing and talk of a recession
in 2023, customer behavior patterns would change and deposits would become more rate sensitive with a greater portion potentially leaving
the Corporation. These maturity gaps are closely monitored along with additional liquidity measurements discussed below. Management believes
the probability of future Federal Reserve rate increases is good in the beginning of 2023, driven by concerns of inflation. 

In addition to the cumulative maturity gap analysis discussed above, management
utilizes a number of other important liquidity measurements that management believes have advantages over, and give better clarity to,
the Corporation s present and projected liquidity. These measurements are evaluated quarterly through the ALCO process. There are a
number of key ratios measured that involve liquidity, non-core funding sources, and contingency funding with each ratio assigned a risk
level of low, moderate, or high. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation was within guidelines for all
of the above measurements except for two that fell in the moderate range: long term assets to total assets and tangible equity to total
assets. The long term assets to total assets is slightly elevated due to holding more mortgages on the balance sheet as well as a large
amount of longer municipal securities in the investment portfolio. The tangible equity to total assets is lower due to the unrealized
losses experienced on the investment portfolio due to the rapid increase in interest rates in 2022. 

The Corporation s liquidity measurements are tracked and reported
quarterly by management to both observe trends and ensure the measurements stay within desired ranges. Management is confident that a
sufficient amount of internal and external liquidity exists to provide for significant unanticipated liquidity needs. 

Interest Rate Risk and Fair Value Risk 

Identifying the interest rate risk of the Corporation s interest
earning assets and interest bearing liabilities is essential to managing net interest margin and net interest income. In addition to the
impact on earnings, management is also concerned about how much the value of the Corporation s assets might fall or rise given an
increasing or decreasing interest rate environment. Interest rate sensitivity analysis (IRSA) measures the impact of a change in interest
rates on the net interest income and net interest margin of the Corporation, while net portfolio value (NPV) analysis measures the change
in the Corporation s capital fair value, given interest rate fluctuations. Therefore, the two primary approaches to measuring the
impact of interest rate changes on the Corporation s earnings and fair value are referred to as: 

48 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Changes in net interest income 

Changes in net portfolio value 

The Corporation s asset liability model is able to perform dynamic
forecasting based on a wide range of assumptions provided. The model is flexible and can be used for many types of financial projections.
The Corporation uses financial modeling to forecast balance sheet growth and earnings. The results obtained through the use of forecasting
models are based on a variety of factors. Both earnings and balance sheet forecasts make use of maturity and repricing schedules to determine
the changes to the Corporation s balance sheet over the course of time. Additionally, there are many assumptions that factor into
the results. These assumptions include, but are not limited to: 

Projected interest rates 

Timing of interest rate changes 

Slope of the U.S. Treasury curve 

Spreads available on securities over the U.S. Treasury curve 

Prepayment speeds on loans held and mortgage-backed securities 

Anticipated calls on securities with call options 

Deposit and loan balance fluctuations 

Competitive pressures affecting loan and deposit rates 

Economic conditions 

Consumer reaction to interest rate changes 

For the interest rate sensitivity analysis and net portfolio value analysis
shown below, results are based on a static balance sheet reflecting no projected growth from balances as of December 31, 2022, and December
31, 2021. While it is unlikely that the balance sheet will not grow at all, management considers a static analysis of this sort to be
the most conservative and most accurate means to evaluate fair value and future interest rate risk. The static balance sheet approach
is used to reduce the number of variables in calculating the model s accuracy in predicting future net interest income. It is appropriate
to pull out various balance sheet growth scenarios, which could be utilized to compensate for a declining margin. By testing the model
using a base model assuming no growth, this variable is eliminated and management can focus on predicted net interest income based on
the current existing balance sheet. 

As a result of the many assumptions, this information should not be relied
upon to predict future results. Additionally, both of the analyses shown below do not consider any action that management could take to
minimize or offset the negative effect of changes in interest rates. These tools are used to assist management in identifying possible
areas of risk in order to address them before a greater risk is posed. 

Changes in Net Interest Income 

The changes in net interest income reflect how much the Corporation s
net interest income would be expected to increase or decrease given a change in market interest rates. The changes in net interest income
shown are measured over a one-year time horizon and assume an immediate rate change on the rate sensitive assets and liabilities. This
is considered the more important measure of interest rate sensitivity due to the immediate effect that rate changes may have on the overall
performance of the Corporation. The following table takes into consideration when financial instruments would most likely reprice and
the duration of the pricing change. It is important to emphasize that the information shown in the table is an estimate based on hypothetical
changes in market interest rates. 

49 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Management s Discussion and Analysis 

CHANGES IN NET INTEREST INCOME 

2022 
 2021 
 Policy 

Percentage 
 Percentage 
 Guidelines 

Change 
 Change 

400 basis point rise 
 (9.6 
 
 (24.00 
 
 300 basis point rise 
 (6.8 
 1.6 
 (20.00 
 
 200 basis point rise 
 (4.1 
 0.3 
 (16.00 
 
 100 basis point rise 
 (1.6 
 0.5 
 (12.00 
 
 Base rate scenario 

25 basis point decline 
 
 (0.7 
 (3.00 
 
 50 basis point decline 
 
 (1.8 
 (6.00 
 
 75 basis point decline 
 
 (3.1 
 (9.00 
 
 100 basis point decline 
 0.4 
 
 (12.00 
 
 200 basis point decline 
 (2.6 
 
 (16.00 

This table shows the effect of an immediate interest rate shock over a one-year period on the Corporation's net interest income. 

Base rate is the Prime rate. 

As of December 31, 2022, the above analysis shows a negative impact to
the Corporation s net interest income in all the scenarios, except the down 100 basis points. In the past year, the Federal funds
rate has increased rapidly. The Corporation is now experiencing a rising cost of funds on the liability side in pricing its deposits.
Once deposit pricing has stabilized, net interest income would increase with the repricing of variable rate loans and securities moving
immediately as Prime moves. The pressure on the cost of funds side is currently resulting in the Corporation being liability sensitive
in the short-term, but asset sensitive in the long-term. The analysis above focuses on immediate rate movements, referred to as rate
shocks, and measured over the course of one year. 

In all rates-up scenarios, modeled net interest income decreases with less
benefit compared to the results as of December 31, 2021. When rates do go up, most assets with the ability to reprice off a key benchmark
rate will generally reprice by the full amount of the Federal Reserve s rate movement. In the current environment, deposit rate
changes have been more significant and happening faster than in 2021 when market rates were not moving. This has resulted in the pressure
on net interest income shown above. In past years, financial institutions have benefited from a larger level of deposit balances as a
result of the historically long and very low interest rate cycle. The analysis above assumes no growth of the Corporation s balance
sheet and no change in the mix of earning assets. 

The assumptions and analysis of interest rate risk are based on historical
experience during varied economic cycles. Management believes these assumptions to be appropriate; however, actual results could vary
significantly. Management uses this analysis to identify trends in interest rate sensitivity and determine if action is necessary to mitigate
asset liability risk. 

Changes in Net Portfolio Value 

The change in NPV gives a long-term view of the exposure to changes in
interest rates. The NPV is calculated by discounting the future cash flows to the present value based on current market rates. The NPV
is the mathematical equivalent of the present value of assets minus the present value of liabilities. 

The table below indicates the changes in the Corporation s NPV as
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. As part of the Asset Liability Policy, the Board of Directors has established risk measurement
guidelines to protect the Corporation against decreases in the NPV and net interest income in the event of the interest rate changes described
below. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation was within guidelines for all
up-rate scenarios but was outside of guidelines for the down-200 basis point rate scenario. The positive impact of higher rates on both
loans and securities was down from December 31, 2021. On the liability side of the Corporation s balance sheet, the value of non-interest
bearing deposit accounts only becomes more and more valuable as interest rates rise, which is reflected in NPV as a decrease in liabilities.
These deposits have always been highly favorable in a rising rate environment as these balances are more valuable to the Corporation,
representing a decrease in liabilities as interest rates rise. 

50 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Management s Discussion and Analysis 

However, with higher rates on interest bearing checking, NOW, and money
market accounts, the benefit of these deposits in a rising rate environment has declined. As interest rates increase, the discount rate
used to value the Corporation s interest bearing accounts increases, causing a lower net present value. This improves the modeling
of the Corporation s fair value risk as the liability amounts decrease, causing the net present value or fair value of the Corporation s
balance sheet to increase. This was especially apparent throughout 2021 when rates were extremely low and the Corporatin s deposits
grew at a very fast pace. In 2022, deposit growth was slower and deposit pricing increased resulting in a decline in the benefit in the
rising rate scenarios. The much higher complement of long modeling deposits caused the changes in net portfolio value to be more exaggerated
in both the up and down-rate scnenarios as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

CHANGES IN NET PORTFOLIO VALUE 

2022 
 2021 
 Policy 

Percentage 
 Percentage 
 Guidelines 

Change 
 Change 

400 basis point rise 
 11.0 
 
 (35.00 
 
 300 basis point rise 
 11.0 
 28.5 
 (30.00 
 
 200 basis point rise 
 10.0 
 21.7 
 (25.00 
 
 100 basis point rise 
 7.0 
 14.7 
 (20.00 
 
 Base rate scenario 

25 basis point decline 
 
 (6.3 
 (5.00 
 
 50 basis point decline 
 
 (14.1 
 (10.00 
 
 75 basis point decline 
 
 (22.5 
 (15.00 
 
 100 basis point decline 
 (11.0 
 
 (20.00 
 
 200 basis point decline 
 (29.0 
 
 (25.00 

This table shows the effect of an immediate interest rate shock on the net portfolio value of the Corporation's 

assets and liabilities. Base rate is the Prime rate. 

The results as of December 31, 2022, indicate that the Corporation s
net portfolio value would experience valuation 

gains in all up-rate scenarios with a gain of 11.0 in the rates-up 400
and 300 basis point scenario, and gains of 10.0 and 7.0 , in the rates-up 200 and 100 basis point scenarios, respectively. A valuation
gain indicates that the value of the Corporation s assets is declining at a slower pace than the decrease in the value of the Corporation s
liabilities. Even though the Corporation has some longer-term assets such as residential mortgages and municipal securities which show
declines in value as interest rates increase further, the large balances of core deposits more than offsets this fair value exposure of
the longer-term assets. 

The changes in net portfolio value do show exposure in the down-rate scenarios
with the 200 rate scenario that is outside of policy guidelines. A valuation loss indicates that the value of the Corporation s
assets is declining at a faster pace than the decrease in the value of the Corporation s liabilities. Even outside of the interest
rate environment, the Corporation s exposure to valuation changes could change going forward if the mix of the Corporation s
deposits change, which would impact the average life of those deposits. 

51 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The following audited consolidated financial statements are set forth in
this Annual Report of Form 10-K on the following pages: 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 53 Consolidated Balance Sheets 56 Consolidated Statements of Income 57 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 58 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 59 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 60 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 61 

52 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders
and the Board of Directors of ENB Financial Corp 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of ENB Financial
Corp and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive
(loss) income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended; and the related notes to the consolidated
financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for
Opinion 

These
 financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent, with respect to the Company, in accordance with U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted
our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal
control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial
reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits
included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement
of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

53 

Table of Contents 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The critical
audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of
the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the Audit Committee and that: (1) relate to accounts
or disclosures that are material to the financial statements; and (2) involve our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments.
The communication of critical audit matters does not alter, in any way, our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and
we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts
or disclosures to which they relate. 

Allowance
for Loan Losses (ALL) 

Description
of the Matter 

The
Company s loan portfolio totaled 1.2 billion as of December 31, 2022, and the associated
ALL was 14.2 million. As discussed in Notes A and C to the consolidated financial statements, determining the amount of the ALL requires
significant judgment about the collectability of loans, which includes an assessment of quantitative factors such as historical loss experience
within each risk category of loans and testing of certain commercial loans for impairment. Management applies additional qualitative adjustments
to reflect the inherent losses that exist in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date that are not reflected in the historical loss
experience. Qualitative adjustments are made based upon changes in lending policies and practices, national and local economic trends
and conditions, trends in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, experience, ability, and depth of lending staff and management,
levels of and trends in delinquency, non-accruals, and charge- offs, changes in quality of credit risk and oversight of Board of Directors,
changes in underlying value of collateral, concentrations of credit, and external factors such as competition, law, and regulations. 

We
 identified these qualitative adjustments within the ALL as critical audit matters because they involve a high degree of
 subjectivity. In turn, auditing management s judgments regarding the qualitative factors applied in the ALL calculation
 involved a high degree of subjectivity. 

How We Addressed
the Matter in Our Audit 

We gained an understanding of the Company s process for establishing the ALL,
including the qualitative adjustments made to the ALL. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over
the Company s ALL process, which included, among others, management s review and approval controls designed to assess the
need and level of qualitative adjustments to the ALL, as well as the reliability of the data utilized to support management s assessment. 

To test the qualitative adjustments, we evaluated the appropriateness of management s
methodology and assessed whether all relevant risks were reflected in the ALL and the need to consider qualitative adjustments. 

54 

Table of Contents 

Allowance
for Loan Losses (ALL) 

How We Addressed
the Matter in Our Audit 

Regarding the measurement of the qualitative adjustments, we evaluated the completeness,
accuracy, and relevance of the data and inputs utilized in management s estimate. For example, we compared the inputs and data to
the Company s historical loan performance data and third-party macroeconomic data. Furthermore, we analyzed the changes in the components
of the qualitative reserves relative to changes in external market factors, the Company s loan portfolio, and asset quality trends,
which included the evaluation of management s ability to capture and assess relevant data from both external sources and internal
reports. 

We also utilized internal credit review specialists with knowledge to evaluate
the appropriateness of management s risk-rating processes, to ensure that the risk ratings applied to the commercial loan portfolio
were reasonable. 

We have served
as the Company s auditor since 2005. 

. 

March 20, 2023 

55 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER
SHARE DATA) 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Cash and due from banks 

Interest-bearing deposits in other banks 

Total cash and cash equivalents 

Securities available for sale (at fair value) 

Equity securities (at fair value) 

Loans held for sale 

Loans (net of unearned income) 

Less: Allowance for credit losses 

Net loans 

Premises and equipment 

Regulatory stock 

Bank owned life insurance 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Liabilities: 

Deposits: 

Noninterest-bearing 

Interest-bearing 

Total deposits 

Short-term debt 

Long-term debt 

Subordinated debt 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders' equity: 

Common stock, par value 0.10 

Shares: Authorized 24,000,000 

Issued and Outstanding as of 12/31/22 and as of 12/31/21

Capital surplus 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income net of tax 

Less: Treasury stock cost on shares as of 12/31/22 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

56 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Interest and dividend income: 

Interest and fees on loans 

Interest on securities available for sale 

Taxable 

Tax-exempt 

Interest on deposits at other banks 

Dividend income 

Total interest and dividend income 

Interest expense: 

Interest on deposits 

Interest on borrowings 

Total interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision for loan losses 

Net interest income after provision for loan losses 

Other income: 

Trust and investment services income 

Service fees 

Commissions 

Gains on sale of debt securities, net 

(Losses) gains on equity securities, net 

Gains on sale of mortgages 

Earnings on bank-owned life insurance 

Other income 

Total other income 

Operating expenses: 

Salaries and employee benefits 

Occupancy 

Equipment 

Advertising marketing 

Computer software data processing 

Shares tax 

Professional services 

Other expense 

Total operating expenses 

Income before income taxes 

Provision for federal income taxes 

Net income 

Earnings per share of common stock 

Cash dividends paid per share 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

57 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net income 

Other comprehensive (loss) income , net of tax: 

Net change in unrealized (losses) gains: 

Securities available for sale not other-than-temporarily impaired: 

Unrealized losses arising during the period 

Income tax effect 

Gains recognized in earnings 

Income tax effect 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Comprehensive (Loss) Income 

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

58 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER
SHARE DATA) 

Accumulated 

Other 
 
 Total 

Common 
 Capital 
 Retained 
 Comprehensive 
 Treasury 
 Stockholders' 

Stock 
 Surplus 
 Earnings 
 Income (Loss) 
 Stock 
 Equity 

Balances, December 31, 2020 

Net income 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Treasury stock purchased - shares 

Treasury stock issued - shares 

Cash dividends paid, per share 

Balances, December 31, 2021 

Net income 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Treasury stock purchased - shares 

Treasury stock issued - shares 

Cash dividends paid, per share 

Balances, December 31, 2022 

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

59 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating
 activities: 

Net amortization of securities premiums and discounts and loan fees 

Increase in interest receivable 

Increase (decrease) in interest payable 

Provision for loan losses 

Gain on sale of debt securities, net 

Loss (gain) on equity securities, net 

Gains on sale of mortgages 

Loans originated for sale 

Proceeds from sales of loans 

Earnings on bank-owned life insurance 

Depreciation of premises and equipment and amortization of software 

Deferred income tax 

Amortization of deferred fees on subordinated debt 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Other assets and other liabilities, net 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Securities avaiable for sale: 

Proceeds from maturities, calls, and repayments 

Proceeds from sales 

Purchases 

Equity securities: 

Proceeds from sales 

Purchases 

Purchase of regulatory bank stock 

Redemptions of regulatory bank stock 

Purchase of bank-owned life inurance 

Net increase in loans 

Purchases of premises and equipment, net 

Purchase of computer software 

Net cash used for investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Net increase in demand, NOW, and savings accounts 

Net increase (decrease) in time deposits 

Net increase in short-term borrowings 

Proceeds from long-term debt 

Repayments of long-term debt 

Proceeds from issuance of subordinated debt 

Dividends paid 

Proceeds from sale of treasury stock 

Treasury stock purchased 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

(Decrease) Increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Fair value adjustments for securities available for sale 

Recognition of lease operating right-of-use assets 

Recognition of operating lease liabilities 

Death benefits receivable on BOLI 

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

60 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

61 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

or more and have had unrealized losses for more than twelve months. If management determines that the declines in value
of the security are not temporary, or if management does not have the ability to hold the security until maturity, which is the case with
equity securities, then management will record impairment on the security. For debt securities evaluated for impairment, management will
determine what portion of the unrealized valuation loss is attributed to projected or known loss of principal, and what portion is attributed
to market pricing not reflective of the true value of the security, based on current cash flow analysis. Management will generally record
impairment equivalent to the projected or known loss of principal, known as the credit loss. The other portion of the fair market value
loss is attributed to market factors and it is management s opinion that these fair value losses are temporary and not permanent.
All impairment is recorded as a loss on securities and is included in the Corporation s Consolidated Statements of Income. 

62 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

, , and
 weighting for the past three years is used. In this manner the historical loss percentage is heavily weighted to the current loss
environment, but has sufficient weighting assigned to prior periods to avoid unnecessary volatile fluctuations based on just one period s
data. 

63 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

as of December 31, 2022, and as of December 31, 2021. As the unadvanced portion of lines of credit increases, this
provision will increase. 

of MSRs as of December 31,
2022, compared to as of December 31, 2021. The value of MSRs increased during 2022 as valuation of new assets outpaced
amortization on existing assets. The value of newly originated MSRs is determined by estimating the life of the mortgage and how
long the Corporation will have access to the servicing income stream to determine the relative fair value. The Corporation utilizes
a third party that calculates the MSR valuation on a quarterly basis. A longer estimated life would increase the MSR valuation,
while a shorter estimated life would decrease the value of the MSR. Management records the MSR value based on the third-party
reporting. Ultimately the value of the MSRs would be at what level a willing buyer and seller would exchange the MSRs. MSRs are
amortized in proportion to the estimated servicing income over the estimated life of the servicing portfolio. 

64 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Additions 

Amortization 

Disposals 

Ending Balance 

to for buildings and improvements and to for furniture and equipment. Maintenance and repairs of property
and equipment are charged to operational expense as incurred, while major improvements are capitalized. Net gains or losses upon disposition
are included in other income or operational expense, as applicable. 

and as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The decrease in BOLI cash surrender value was primarily due to the death
of two participants during 2022 which resulted in death benefits received and a decrease in the value of the policies. 

65 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

. 

of employee contributions up to , limiting the match to . 

non-elective contribution to all employees
and contributes a elective contribution to all employees aged 21 or older who work or greater
hours in a calendar year and have completed at least one full year of employment. 

66 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

67 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

U.S. government agencies 

U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities 

U.S. agency collateralized mortgage obligations 

Non-agency MBS/CMO 

Asset-backed securities 

Corporate bonds 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

Total securities available for sale 

December 31, 2021 

U. S. Treasuries 

U.S. government agencies 

U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities 

U.S. agency collateralized mortgage obligations 

Asset-backed securities 

Corporate bonds 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

Total securities available for sale 

68 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Due after one year through five years 

Due after five years through ten years 

Due after ten years 

Total debt securities 

and 
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were pledged or restricted for public funds, borrowings, or other purposes as required by
law. The fair market value of these pledged securities was at December 31, 2022, and at December 31, 2021. 

Gross realized gains 

Gross realized losses 

69 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

U.S. government agencies 

U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities 

U.S. agency collateralized mortgage obligations 

Non-Agency MBS/CMO 

Asset-backed securities 

Corporate bonds 

Obligations of states political subdivisions 

Total temporarily impaired securities 

As of December 31, 2021 

U.S. Treasuries 

U.S. government agencies 

U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities 

U.S. agency collateralized mortgage obligations 

Asset-backed securities 

Corporate bonds 

Obligations of states political subdivisions 

Total temporarily impaired securities 

70 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Bank stocks 

Total equity securities 

Bank stocks 

Total equity securities 

Less: Net gains realized on the sale of equity securities during the period 

Unrealized gains (losses) recognized in equity securities held at reporting date 

during 2022
and during 2021. 

71 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Agriculture mortgages 

Construction 

Total commercial real estate 

Consumer real estate (a) 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

Home equity loans 

Home equity lines of credit 

Total consumer real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

Commercial and industrial 

Tax-free loans 

Agriculture loans 

Total commercial and industrial 

Consumer 

Gross loans prior to deferred costs and allowance for loan losses 

Deferred loan costs, net 

Allowance for credit losses 

Total net loans 

and as
of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

72 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Loss 

Total 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Loss 

Total 

73 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Non-performing 

Total 

Non-performing 

Total 

Agriculture mortgages 

Construction 

Consumer real estate 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

Home equity loans 

Home equity lines of credit 

Commercial and industrial 

Commercial and industrial 

Tax-free loans 

Agriculture loans 

Consumer 

Total 

74 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Agriculture mortgages 

Construction 

Consumer real estate 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

Home equity loans 

Home equity lines of credit 

Commercial and industrial 

Commercial and industrial 

Tax-free loans 

Agriculture loans 

Consumer 

Total 

Agriculture mortgages 

Construction 

Consumer real estate 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

Home equity loans 

Home equity lines of credit 

Commercial and industrial 

Commercial and industrial 

Tax-free loans 

Agriculture loans 

Consumer 

Total 

75 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

as of December 31, 2022. This TDR is not non-accrual. 

76 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Agriculture mortgages 

Construction 

Total commercial real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

Commercial and industrial 

Tax-free loans 

Agriculture loans 

Total commercial and industrial 

Total with no related allowance 

With an allowance recorded: 

Commercial real estate 

Commercial mortgages 

Agriculture mortgages 

Construction 

Total commercial real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

Commercial and industrial 

Tax-free loans 

Agriculture loans 

Total commercial and industrial 

Total with a related allowance 

Total by loan class: 

Commercial real estate 

Commercial mortgages 

Agriculture mortgages 

Construction 

Total commercial real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

Commercial and industrial 

Tax-free loans 

Agriculture loans 

Total commercial and industrial 

Total 

77 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Agriculture mortgages 

Construction 

Total commercial real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

Commercial and industrial 

Tax-free loans 

Agriculture loans 

Total commercial and industrial 

Total with no related allowance 

With an allowance recorded: 

Commercial real estate 

Commercial mortgages 

Agriculture mortgages 

Construction 

Total commercial real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

Commercial and industrial 

Tax-free loans 

Agriculture loans 

Total commercial and industrial 

Total with a related allowance 

Total by loan class: 

Commercial real estate 

Commercial mortgages 

Agriculture mortgages 

Construction 

Total commercial real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

Commercial and industrial 

Tax-free loans 

Agriculture loans 

Total commercial and industrial 

Total 

78 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Provision 

Ending balance 

Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment 

Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 

Loans receivable: 

Ending balance 

Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment 

Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 

million from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. The changes in allowance for the other loan sectors were minimal. The higher provision in the consumer real estate sector was primarily caused by growth within this segment of the loan portfolio during 2022. In the prior to 2022, most residential mortgage loans were being generated and sold on the secondary market. With the rapid increase in mortgage rates during 2022, most residential mortgage originations were in the form of adjustable rate mortgages which were held on the Corporation s balance sheet. Net charge-offs were minimal during the year ended December 31, 2022, so the provision expense was primarily related to loan portfolio growth. 

,
or , from December 31, 2021, and the allowance as a percentage of total loans was as of December 31, 2022, and as of December
31, 2021. 

79 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Provision (credit) 

Ending balance 

Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment 

Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 

Loans receivable: 

Ending balance 

Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment 

Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 

million made during 2020 for a customer with ongoing business concerns. This loan paid off in 2021
resulting in a reversal of this specific allocation. The higher provisions across the other categories were primarily caused by growth
within these segments of the loan portfolio. Recoveries exceeded charge-offs during the year ended December 31, 2021, so the provision
expense was primarily related to loan portfolio growth and minor increases in qualitative factors. 

80 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Buildings and improvements 

Furniture and equipment 

Construction in process 

Total 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Premises and equipment 

for 2022, and for 2021. The construction in process category represents expenditures for ongoing projects. When
construction is completed, these amounts will be reclassified into buildings and improvements, and/or furniture and equipment. Depreciation
only begins when the project or asset is placed into service. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the construction in process consists primarily
of costs associated with the construction of a drive-thru facility as well as renovations to leased office space. 

of its asset value
plus an additional of its outstanding advances from the FHLB and mortgage partnership finance loans sold to the FHLB. At December 31,
2022, the Bank held in stock of the FHLB compared to as of December 31, 2021. 

annualized on activity stock
and annualized on membership stock as of December 31, 2022. Most of the Corporation s dividend is based on the activity stock,
which is based on the amount of borrowings and mortgage activity with FHLB. The Corporation will continue to monitor the financial condition
of the FHLB quarterly to assess its ability to continue to regularly repurchase excess capital stock and pay a quarterly dividend. 

of Federal Reserve Bank stock and
 of Atlantic Community Bancshares, Inc. stock, the Bank Holding Company of ACBB, as of December 31, 2022, compared to 
and , respectively, as of December 31, 2021. 

81 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Interest-bearing demand 

NOW accounts 

Money market deposit accounts 

Savings accounts 

Time deposits under 250,000 

Time deposits of 250,000 or more 

Total deposits 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

Average interest rate at year end 

Maximum outstanding at any month end 

Average amount outstanding for the year 

Weighted-average interest rate for the year 

million. The Corporation also has the ability to borrow through the FRB Discount Window. The amount of borrowing
available through the Discount Window was million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. For further
information on borrowings from the FHLB see Note H. 

82 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million
as of December 31, 2022 with remaining borrowing capacity of million. The borrowing arrangement with the FHLB is subject to annual
renewal. The maximum borrowing capacity is recalculated quarterly. 

(1)(2) 

(1)(3) 

Total 

83 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of its outstanding common stock. This plan replaced the 2019
plan. As of December 31, 2022, a total of shares were repurchased at a total cost of , for an average cost per share of
 . Shares repurchased under these plans were held as treasury shares to be utilized in connection with the Corporation s three
stock purchase plans. 

discount from the stock s
fair market value at the end of each quarter, 

shares issued through the ESPP in 2022 with shares issued since existence. The DRP was started in 2005 with 
shares issued in 2022 and total shares issued since existence. Lastly, the DSPP was started in 2010 as an additional option for
board compensation. This plan is limited to outside directors. A total of shares were issued in connection with this plan in 2022
and since existence. In 2021, there were shares issued through the ESPP, shares issued through the DRP, and 
shares issued through the DSPP. The plans are beneficial to the Corporation as all reissued shares increase capital and since dividends
are paid out in the form of additional shares, the plans act as a source of funds. The total amount of shares issued from Treasury for
these plans collectively in 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Corporation
recorded of stock-based compensation expense. Expected future compensation expense relating to the restricted stock units is 
over the remaining vesting period. 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Nonvested at December 31, 2022 

84 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

for 2022 and for 2021, for persons under age 50, and for persons over age 50 was in 2022 and
 in 2021. The employer matching contribution is made on the compensation of all eligible employees, up to a maximum
of of an of employee contribution up to of an eligible employee s
salary. The Corporation s cost for this 401(k) match was and for 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

of all employee
compensation for the year. Based on the performance of the Corporation the Compensation Committee determined the discretionary non-elective
profit sharing contribution would be of all eligible employee compensation. For the Corporation, the expense of the 401(k) matching
contribution will be smaller than the non-elective safe harbor and the discretionary non-elective profit sharing expenses as the Corporation
is matching a maximum of up to of salary, depending on employee contributions, compared to contributing up to of eligible employee s
salaries in the safe harbor and discretionary profit sharing contributions. 

in 2022 and in 2021. Total expenses of the plan were and , for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
The Corporation s 401(k) Savings Plan is fully funded as all obligations are funded monthly. 

for December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. The death benefits totaled at December 31, 2022, and at December 31,
2021. The cash surrender value of the above policies totaled and as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

85 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Tax-exempt interest income 

Non-deductible interest expense 

Bank-owned life insurance 

Other 

Income tax expense 

86 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Deferred tax expense (benefit) 

Income tax expense 

Allowance for off-balance sheet extensions of credit 

Net unrealized holding losses on securities available for sale 

Interest on non-accrual loans 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Premises and equipment 

Net unrealized holding gains on securities available for sale 

Mortgage servicing rights 

Discount on investment securities 

Other 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets 

billion
and a company with assets under that limit is not subject to the consolidated capital rules but may disclose capital amounts and ratios.
The Corporation has elected to disclose those amounts and ratios. 

87 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

N/A
 
 N/A
 
 N/A
 
 N/A

Bank 

Tier I Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

Consolidated 

N/A
 
 N/A
 
 N/A
 
 N/A

Bank 

Common Equity Tier I Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

Consolidated 

N/A
 
 N/A
 
 N/A
 
 N/A

Bank 

Tier I Capital to Average Assets 

Consolidated 

N/A
 
 N/A
 
 N/A
 
 N/A

Bank 

As of December 31, 2021 

Total Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

Consolidated 

N/A
 
 N/A
 
 N/A
 
 N/A

Bank 

Tier I Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

Consolidated 

N/A
 
 N/A
 
 N/A
 
 N/A

Bank 

Common Equity Tier I Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

Consolidated 

N/A
 
 N/A
 
 N/A
 
 N/A

Bank 

Tier I Capital to Average Assets 

Consolidated 

N/A
 
 N/A
 
 N/A
 
 N/A

Bank 

million, plus an additional amount equal to the Corporation s net profits for 2023, up to the date of any such dividend declaration. 

88 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Advances 

Repayments 

Other changes 

Balance, end of year 

as of December 31, 2022,
and as of December 31, 2021. 

million; unused lines of credit totaled million; and open letters of credit totaled million.
The sum of these commitments, million, represents total exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by customers with
respect to these financial instruments; however the vast majority of these commitments are typically not drawn upon. The same credit policies
for on-balance sheet instruments apply for making commitments and conditional obligations and the actual credit losses that could arise
from the exercise of these commitments is expected to compare favorably with the loan loss experience on the loan portfolio taken as a
whole. Commitments to extend credit on December 31, 2021, totaled million, representing firm loan commitments of million,
unused lines of credit of million, and open letters of credit totaling million. 

of the Bank s risk-based capital, less the allowance for credit losses. The Corporation s
lending policy further restricts the amount to of the legal lending limit. As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation s legal
lending limit was , and the Corporation s lending policy internal limit was . This compared to a legal lending
limit of , and lending policy limit of as of 

89 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million, or , of the million gross loans outstanding as of December 31, 2022. This compares to million, or ,
of the million of gross loans outstanding as of December 31, 2021. Residential real estate consists of first mortgages and home
equity loans. A concentration in commercial real estate of , or million, also exists; however, within that category there
is not a concentration by specific industry type. 

of gross loans as of December 31, 2022, compared to 
as of December 31, 2021; however these agricultural mortgages are spread over several broader types of agricultural purpose loans. More
specifically within these larger purpose categories, management monitors on a quarterly basis the largest concentrations of non-consumer
credit based on the North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS). As of December 31, 2022, the largest specific industry type
categories were dairy cattle and milk production loans of million, or of gross loans, non-residential real estate investment
loans of million, or of gross loans, and residential real estate investment loans with a balance of million, or 
of gross loans. 

million of loans designated as commercial and
industrial for the Uniform Bank Performance Reports, the largest concentration within that area is million of loans to political
subdivisions, which account for of gross loans outstanding. For the Corporation, these loans consisted of tax-free loans to local
municipalities. 

of its portfolio invested in Pennsylvania municipals, in California, and in Texas. As of December 31, 2022, no municipal
bonds were below an A credit rating. 

million of corporate bonds based on amortized
cost as of December 31, 2022. Out of the million of total corporate securities, million is domestic and million is foreign-issued
debt. Most of the Corporation s foreign-issued debt is from the United Kingdom, Australia, and Switzerland. In addition, million,
or , of the corporate bonds held are invested in national or foreign banks, bank holding companies, brokerage firms, or finance companies. 

90 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Lease Liabilities 

Operating lease liabilties 
 Other Liabilities 

years 
 years 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate 

Operating leases 

and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As the Corporation elected, for all classes of underlying assets, not to
separate lease and non-lease components and instead to account for them as a single lease component, the variable lease cost primarily
represents variable payments such as common area maintenance and utilities. 

December 31, 2024 

December 31, 2025 

December 31, 2026 

December 31, 2027 

Thereafter 

Total Future Minimum Lease Payments 

Amounts Representing Interests 

Present Value of Net Future Minimum Lease Payments 

91 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

U.S. government agencies 

U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities 

U. S. agency collateralized mortgage obligations 

Non-agency MBS/CMO 

Asset-backed securities 

Corporate bonds 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

Marketable equity securities 

Total securities 

92 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

U.S. government agencies 

U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities 

U. S. agency collateralized mortgage obligations 

Asset-backed securities 

Corporate bonds 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

Marketable equity securities 

Total securities 

Total 

of impaired
loans as of December 31, 2022, with no specific allocation against these loans. As of December 31, 2021, the Corporation had a total
of of impaired loans with of specific allocation against these loans. The value of impaired loans is generally determined
through independent appraisals of the underlying collateral. 

93 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(1) 
 Appraisal adjustments (2) 
 to - (-20 

Liquidation expenses (2) 
 to - (-10 

(1) 
 Appraisal adjustments (2) 
 to - (-20 

Liquidation expenses (2) 
 to - (-10 

94 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Regulatory stock 

Loans held for sale 

Loans, net of allowance 

Mortgage servicing assets 

Accrued interest receivable 

Bank owned life insurance 

Financial Liabilities: 

Demand deposits 

Interest-bearing demand deposits 

NOW accounts 

Money market deposit accounts 

Savings accounts 

Time deposits 

Total deposits 

Short-term debt 

Long-term debt 

Subordinated debt 

Accrued interest payable 

95 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Regulatory stock 

Loans held for sale 

Loans, net of allowance 

Mortgage servicing assets 

Accrued interest receivable 

Bank owned life insurance 

Financial Liabilities: 

Demand deposits 

Interest-bearing demand deposits 

NOW accounts 

Money market deposit accounts 

Savings accounts 

Time deposits 

Total deposits 

Long-term debt 

Subordinated debt 

Accrued interest payable 

96 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications 

Amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Period change 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Balance at January 1, 2021 

Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications 

Amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Period change 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Related income tax expense 

Net effect on accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the period 

Total reclassifications for the period 

97 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Equity securities 

Equity in bank subsidiary 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Subordinated debt 

Other Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders' Equity 

Common stock 

Capital surplus 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax 

Treasury stock 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

Gains (losses) on equity securities, net 

Dividend income 

Undistributed earnings of bank subsidiary 

Total income 

Expense 

Subordinated debt interest expense 

Shareholder expenses 

Other expenses 

Total expense 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

Net Income 

Comprehensive (Loss) Income 

98 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries 

Losses (gains) on equity securities, net 

Net amortization of subordinated debt fees 

Net increase in other assets 

Net decrease in other liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Proceeds from sales of equity securities 

Purchases of equity securities 

Net cash used for investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of treasury stock 

Proceeds from issuance of subordinated debt 

Dividend to bank subsidiary 

Treasury stock purchased 

Dividends paid 

Net cash used for financing activities 

Cash and Cash Equivalents: 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

99 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

None 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

Management carried out an evaluation, under the supervision
and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer), of
the effectiveness of the design and the operation of the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15. Based upon that
evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) along with the Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) concluded
that the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, are effective in timely alerting them to material
information relating to the Corporation required to be in the Corporation s periodic filings under the Exchange Act. 

(b) Changes in Internal Controls. 

There have been no changes in the Corporation s internal
controls over financial reporting that occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting. 

(c) Report on Management s Assessment of Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

The Corporation is responsible for the preparation, integrity,
and fair presentation of the financial statements included in this annual report. The financial statements and notes included in this
annual report have been prepared in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles and necessarily include some
amounts that are based on management's best estimates and judgments. 

Management of the Corporation is responsible for establishing
and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting that is designed to produce reliable financial statements in conformity
with United States generally accepted accounting principles. The system of internal control over financial reporting as it relates to
the financial statements is evaluated for effectiveness by management and tested for reliability through a program of internal audits.
Actions are taken to correct potential deficiencies as they are identified. Any system of internal control, no matter how well designed,
has inherent limitations, including the possibility that a control can be circumvented or overridden and misstatements due to error or
fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, because of changes in conditions, internal control effectiveness may vary over time. Accordingly,
even an effective system of internal control will provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. 

Management assessed the Corporation s system of internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, in relation to criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting
as described in "Internal Control - Integrated Framework," issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Based on this assessment, management concludes that, as of December 31, 2022, its system of internal control over financial
reporting is effective and meets the criteria of the "Internal Control Integrated Framework. 

This annual report does not include an attestation report of
the Corporation s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report
was not subject to attestation by the Corporation s registered public accounting firm pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act exemption rules
of the SEC that permit the Corporation to provide only Management s report in this annual report. 

100 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

/s/ Jeffrey S. Stauffer 
 /s/ Rachel G. Bitner 
 
 Jeffrey S. Stauffer 
 Rachel G. Bitner 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 Treasurer 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Ephrata, PA 

March 20, 2023 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None 

Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections 

Not Applicable 

101 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

Part III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 

The information required by this Item, relating to directors, executive
officers, and control persons is set forth under the captions, Election of Directors, Information and Qualifications
of Nominees for Director and Continuing Directors, Meetings and Committees of the Board of Directors Audit Committee, 
 Executive Officers, Audit Committee Report, and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, of the Corporation s
definitive Proxy Statement to be used in connection with the Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be held on May 9, 2023, which is incorporated
herein by reference. 

The Corporation has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to directors,
officers, and employees of the Corporation and the Bank. The Code of Ethics is attached as Exhibit 14 to this Form 10-K. 

There were no material changes to the procedures by which security holders
may recommend nominees to the Corporation s Board of Directors during the fourth quarter of 2022. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The information required by this Item, relating to executive compensation,
is set forth under the captions, Board Compensation and Plan Information, Executive Compensation, Retirement
Plans, and Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control, in the Summary Compensation Table, Defined Contribution
Profit Sharing Plan Table, and the 401(k) Savings Plan Match Data Table of the Corporation s definitive Proxy Statement
to be used in connection with the Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be held on May 9, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required by this Item, related to beneficial ownership
of the Corporation s common stock, is set forth under the caption, Share Ownership of the Corporation s definitive
Proxy Statement to be used in connection with the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 9, 2023, which is incorporated herein
by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence 

The information required by this Item related to transactions with management
and others, certain business relationships, and indebtedness of management, is set forth under the caption, Transactions with Related
Persons, and Governance of the Company of the Corporation s definitive Proxy Statement to be used in connection
with the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 9, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The information required by this Item related to fees and the audit committees 
pre-approved policies are set forth under the captions, Audit Committee Report and Proposal No. 2: To Ratify the
Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm of the Corporation s definitive Proxy Statement to be used in
connection with the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 9, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference . 

102 

Table of Contents 
 ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 1. Financial Statements. 

The following financial statements are included
by reference in Part II, Item 8 hereof: 

Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

Consolidated Statements of Income 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. The financial statement schedules required by this Item are omitted because the information is either inapplicable, not required,
or is shown in the respective consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 

3. The Exhibits filed herewith or incorporated by reference as a part of this Annual Report, are set forth in (b), below. 

(b) EXHIBITS 

3 (i) 
 Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, as amended. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Corporation s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 7, 2019.) 

3 (ii) 
 Bylaws of the Registrant, as amended. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Corporation s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 21, 2021.) 

10.1 Form of Deferred Income Agreement. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Corporation s Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 13, 2008.) 

10.2 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to the Corporation s Definitive Proxy Statement, filed with the SEC on April 4, 2022.) 

10.3 2020 Non-Employee Directors Stock Plan (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Corporation s Form S-8 filed with the SEC on June 3, 2020.) 

10.4 Employment Agreement by and among ENB Financial Corp, The Ephrata National Bank and Chad E. Neiss dated as of October 28, 2022. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Corporation s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 1, 2022.) 

10.5 Employment Agreement by and among ENB Financial Corp, The Ephrata National Bank and Jeffrey S. Stauffer dated as of October 28, 2022. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Corporation s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 1, 2022.) 

10.6 Employment Agreement by and among ENB Financial Corp, The Ephrata National Bank and Rachel G. Bitner dated as of October 28, 2022. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Corporation s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 1, 2022.) 

14 Code of Ethics Policy of Registrant as amended March 11, 2009. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 14 of the Corporation s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 12, 2009.) 

21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

103 

Table of Contents ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

31.1 Section 302 Chief Executive Officer Certification (Required by Rule 13a-14(a)/15a-14(a)). 

31.2 Section 302 Principal Financial Officer Certification (Required by Rule 13a-14(a)/15a-14(a)). 

32.1 Section 1350 Chief Executive Officer Certification (Required by Rule 13a-14(b)). 

32.2 Section 1350 Principal Financial Officer Certification (Required by Rule 13a-14(b)). 

101 Interactive Data File 

(c) NOT APPLICABLE. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

By: 
 /s/ Jeffrey S. Stauffer 

Jeffrey S. Stauffer, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ 
 Jeffrey S. Stauffer 
 Chairman of the Board, 
 March 20, 2023 

(Jeffrey S. Stauffer) 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ 
 Rachel G. Bitner 
 Treasurer 
 March 20, 2023 

(Rachel G. Bitner) 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ 
 Joshua E. Hoffman 
 Director 
 March 20, 2023 

(Joshua E. Hoffman) 

/s/ 
 Willis R. Lefever 
 Director 
 March 20, 2023 

(Willis R. Lefever) 

/s/ 
 Jay S. Martin 
 Director 
 March 20, 2023 

(Jay S. Martin) 

/s/ 
 Susan Young Nicholas, Esq. 
 Director 
 March 20, 2023 

(Susan Young Nicholas) 

/s/ 
 Dr. Brian K. Reed 
 Director 
 March 20, 2023 

(Dr. Brian K. Reed) 

/s/ 
 J. Daniel Stoltzfus 
 Director 
 March 20, 2023 

(J. Daniel Stoltzfus) 

104 

Table of Contents 

/s/ 
 Mark C. Wagner 
 Director 
 March 20, 2023 

(Mark C. Wagner) 

/s/ 
 Judith A. Weaver 
 Director 
 March 20, 2023 

(Judith A. Weaver) 

/s/ 
 Roger L. Zimmerman 
 Director 
 March 20, 2023 

(Roger L. Zimmerman) 

105 

<EX-21>
 2
 ex21.htm
 EX-21

ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

Exhibit 21 

Subsidiaries of ENB Financial Corp 

Subsidiary 
 Incorporation 

Ephrata National Bank 
 National Banking Association 

106 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 ex23.htm
 EX-23

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent
to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements File No. 333-152212, File No. 333-182412, File No. 333-238920, and File No.
333-249211 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement File No. 333-152211 on Form S-3 of ENB Financial Corp of our report dated March 20,
2023, relating to our audit of the consolidated financial statements, which appears in the Annual Report to Stockholders, which is incorporated
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ENB Financial Corp for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

S.R.
Snodgrass, P.C. 
King of Prussia, Pennsylvania 

 March 20, 2023 

107 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm
 EX-31.1

ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Jeffrey S. Stauffer , certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of ENB Financial Corp ; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 20, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jeffrey S. Stauffer 

Jeffrey S. Stauffer 

Chairman of the Board 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

108 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm
 EX-31.2

ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Rachel G. Bitner, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of ENB Financial Corp ; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure control and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 20, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Rachel G. Bitnerr 

Rachel G. Bitner 

Treasurer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

109 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm
 EX-32.1

ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADDED BY 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of ENB Financial Corp
(the Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ),
I, Jeffrey S. Stauffer, Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer), of the Corporation, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as added by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Corporation as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 20, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jeffrey S. Stauffer 

Jeffrey S. Stauffer 

Chairman of the Board 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

110 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm
 EX-32.2

ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADDED BY 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of ENB Financial Corp
(the Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ),
I, Rachel G. Bitner, Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer), of the Corporation, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as added
by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Corporation as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 20, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Rachel G. Bitnerr 

Rachel G. Bitner 

Treasurer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

111 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 enbp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 enbp-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 enbp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 enbp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 enbp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

