<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230309_10-K_edgar_data_1709164_0001709164-23-000015.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10900170</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>210116</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1702669</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3661953</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2708870</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2420299</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001709164-23-000015.hdr.sgml : 20230309
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230309162640
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001709164-23-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		102
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230309
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230309

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001709164
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC HOUSEWARES & FANS [3634]
		IRS NUMBER:				311236686
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38214
		FILM NUMBER:		23720094

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4421 WATERFRONT DRIVE
		CITY:			GLEN ALLEN
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23060
		BUSINESS PHONE:		804-273-9777

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4421 WATERFRONT DRIVE
		CITY:			GLEN ALLEN
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23060

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001709164-23-000015.txt : 20230309

10-K
 1
 hbb-20221231.htm
 10-K

hbb-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to . 
 
 Commission File No. 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Class B Common Stock, Par Value 0.01 Per Share 
 (Title of class) 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes No 
 
 Aggregate market value of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter): 
 
 Number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding at March 3, 2023: 
 Number of shares of Class B Common Stock outstanding at March 3, 2023: 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PAGE PART I. 
 Item 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 5 
 Item 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 13 
 Item 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 13 
 Item 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 13 
 Item 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 13 
 PART II. 
 Item 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 13 
 Item 6. 
 RESERVED 
 14 
 Item 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 15 
 Item 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 22 
 Item 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 22 
 Item 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 22 
 Item 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 23 
 Item 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 23 
 Item 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 23 
 PART III. 
 Item 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 23 
 Item 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 23 
 Item 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 24 
 Item 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 24 
 Item 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 24 
 PART IV. 
 Item 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 24 
 SIGNATURES 
 28 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 F- 1 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. BUSINESS 
 
 General 
 
 Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company Hamilton Beach Holding or the Company is a holding company and operates through its wholly-owned subsidiary Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc. HBB ). HBB is the Company's single reportable segment. 
 
 The only material assets held by Hamilton Beach Holding is the investment in its consolidated subsidiary. Substantially all of its cash flows are provided by dividends paid or distributions made by its subsidiary. Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company has not guaranteed any obligations of its subsidiary. 
 
 The Company also previously operated through its former wholly-owned subsidiary, The Kitchen Collection, LLC ("KC"), which is reported as discontinued operations in all periods presented herein. KC completed its dissolution on April 3, 2020 with a pro-rata distribution of its remaining assets to creditors, at which time the KC legal entity ceased to exist. 
 
 HBB is a leading designer, marketer, and distributor of a wide range of branded small electric household and specialty housewares appliances, as well as commercial products for restaurants, fast food chains, bars, and hotels. HBB operates in the consumer, commercial and specialty small appliance markets. 
 
 On September 29, 2017, NACCO Industries, Inc. ("NACCO"), Hamilton Beach Holding's former parent company, spun-off the Company to NACCO stockholders. In the spin-off, NACCO stockholders, in addition to retaining their shares of NACCO common stock, received one share of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company Class A common stock ("Class A Common") and one share of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company Class B common stock ("Class B Common") for each share of NACCO Class A or Class B common stock. In accordance with applicable authoritative accounting guidance, the Company accounted for the spin-off from NACCO based on the historical carrying value of assets and liabilities. 
 
 The Company makes its annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports available, free of charge, through its website, www.hamiltonbeachbrands.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The content of our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our website is intended to be inactive textual references only. 

Sales and Marketing 
 
 HBB designs, markets and distributes a wide range of branded, small electric household and specialty housewares appliances, including air fryers, blenders, coffee makers, food processors, indoor electric grills, irons, juicers, mixers, slow cookers, toasters and toaster ovens. HBB also designs, markets and distributes commercial products for restaurants, fast food chains, bars and hotels. HBB generally markets its good and better consumer products under the Hamilton Beach and Proctor Silex brands. HBB participates in the premium market with its owned brands Hamilton Beach Professional and Weston farm-to-table and field-to-table food processing equipment. Additionally, the Company participates in the premium market through multiyear licensing agreements to market and distribute a line of countertop appliances under the Wolf Gourmet brand, a line of premium garment care products under the CHI brand and the Bartesian premium cocktail delivery system. The Company continues to expand in the home, health and wellness market, selling air purifiers under the Clorox and TrueAir brands, Hamilton Beach Health smart Injection Care Management Systems, and Brita water filtration systems. HBB markets its commercial products under the Hamilton Beach Commercial and the Proctor Silex Commercial brands. HBB supplies private label products on a limited basis. HBB also licenses certain of its trademarks to various licensees in categories such as microwave ovens, among others. Sales promotion activities are supported through print and digital marketing vehicles. HBB promotes certain of its innovative products primarily through the use of digital and print advertising. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Customers 
 
 Sales in North America are generated predominantly by a network of inside sales employees to mass merchandisers, ecommerce retailers, national department stores, variety store chains, drug store chains, specialty home retailers, distributors, restaurants, bars, hotels and other retail outlets. Walmart Inc. and its global subsidiaries accounted for approximately 26 , 28 and 35 of HBB s revenue in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amazon.com, Inc. and its subsidiaries accounted for approximately 23 , 22 and 16 of HBB's revenue in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. HBB s five largest customers accounted for approximately 61 , 61 , and 64 of HBB s revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Product Warranty 
 
 HBB's warranty program to the consumer consists generally of an assurance-type limited warranty lasting for varying periods of up to ten years for electric appliances, with the majority of products having a warranty of one to three years. There is no guarantee to the consumer as HBB may repair or replace, at its option, those products returned under warranty. 
 
 Working Capital 
 
 The market for small electric household and specialty housewares appliances is highly seasonal in nature. The majority of HBB's revenue and operating profit typically occurs in the second half of the year due to the fall holiday-selling season. Due to the seasonality of purchases of its products, HBB generally uses a substantial amount of cash or borrowings under our revolving credit facility to finance inventory in anticipation of the fall holiday-selling season. 
 
 Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights and Licenses 
 
 HBB holds patents and trademarks registered in the United States ("U.S.") and foreign countries for various products. HBB believes its business is not dependent upon any individual patent, copyright or license, but that the Hamilton Beach , Proctor Silex , Hamilton Beach Professional, and Weston trademarks are material to its business. 
 
 Product Design and Development 
 
 HBB incurred 11.8 million, 8.6 million and 10.0 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, on product design and development activities. 
 
 Key Suppliers and Raw Material 
 
 HBB s products are produced to its specifications by third-party suppliers. HBB does not maintain long-term purchase contracts with suppliers and operates mainly on a purchase order basis. HBB negotiates the purchases from its foreign suppliers in U.S. dollars. 
 
 During 2022, HBB purchased substantially all of its finished products from suppliers in China. HBB purchases its inventory from approximately 65 suppliers, one of which represented more than 10 of purchases during the year ended December 31, 2022. HBB believes the loss of any one supplier would not have a long-term material adverse effect on its business because there are adequate supplier choices available that can meet HBB s production and quality requirements. However, the loss of a supplier could, in the short term, adversely affect HBB s business until alternative supply arrangements are secured. 
 
 The principal raw materials used by HBB s third-party suppliers to manufacture its products are plastic, glass, steel, copper, aluminum and packaging materials. HBB believes adequate quantities of raw materials are available from various suppliers. 
 
 Competition 
 
 HBB believes the principal areas of competition with respect to its products are product design and innovation, quality, price, product features, supply chain excellence, merchandising, promotion and warranty. HBB competes with many manufacturers and distributors of housewares products. As brick and mortar retailers generally purchase a limited selection of branded, small electric appliances, HBB competes with other suppliers for retail shelf space. In the ecommerce channel, HBB must compete with a broad list of competitors for brand reputation through compelling content, strong ratings and reviews from consumers. 

2 

Table of Contents 

 To meet these competitive challenges, the Company has focused on continued innovation in its leading brands as well as expanding into new categories using existing core competencies. HBB s presence in a significant number of product categories across various price points allows the Company to meet the needs of a wide range of retailers and consumers. Based on publicly available information about the industry, HBB is one of the largest full-line distributors and marketers of small electric household and specialty housewares appliances in North America, including the U.S., Canada, Mexico and Latin America, based on key product categories. Hamilton Beach is the #1 small kitchen appliance brand in the US, in brick-and-mortar and ecommerce channels, based on units sold. 
 
 To a lesser degree, HBB retail product lines compete outside of North America. HBB's commercial products compete globally and have generated a strong position in these markets. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 HBB is subject to numerous federal and state health, safety and environmental regulations. HBB believes the impact of expenditures to comply with such laws will not have a material adverse effect on HBB. 
 
 As a marketer and distributor of consumer products, HBB is subject to the Consumer Products Safety Act and the Federal Hazardous Substances Act, which empower the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission CPSC to seek to exclude products that are found to be unsafe or hazardous from the market. Under certain circumstances, the CPSC could require HBB to repair, replace or refund the purchase price of one or more of HBB s products, or HBB may voluntarily do so. 
 
 Throughout the world, electrical appliances are subject to various mandatory and voluntary standards, including requirements in some jurisdictions that products be listed by Underwriters Laboratories, Inc. UL or other similar recognized laboratories. HBB also uses Intertek Testing Services for certification and testing of compliance with UL standards, as well as other national and industry specific standards. HBB endeavors to design its products to meet the certification requirements of, and to be certified in, each of the jurisdictions in which they are sold. 
 
 Section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the "Dodd-Frank Act") requires public companies to disclose whether certain minerals, commonly known as "conflict minerals," are necessary to the functionality or production of a product manufactured by those companies and if those minerals originated in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ("DRC") or an adjoining country. HBB conducts supply-chain due diligence investigations required by the conflict minerals rules and makes disclosures required by the Dodd Frank Act. Our compliance with these investigation and disclosure requirements could adversely affect our ability to sell products to customers that HBB is unable to designate as "DRC conflict free." 
 
 Transactions with Related Parties 
 
 Mr. Alfred M. Rankin is the former executive chairman of the Company and current non-executive chairman of the Board of the Company. Mr. Rankin provides consulting services to the Company under the terms of a consulting agreement pursuant to which Mr. Rankin supports the president and chief executive officer of the Company upon request. Fees for consulting services rendered by Mr. Rankin were 0.5 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Human Capital Resources 
 
 Our business is dependent upon, and focused on, people our employees, our customers and the consumers who enjoy our appliances, and the communities in which we live. Our culture is built on and centered around Good Thinking , which incorporates teamwork, service and inspired thinking into all areas of our business. We believe that this values-based culture is a core strength that provides the foundation for our working environment and our employees. Good Thinking is more than developing new products; it inspires everything we do. 
 
 Within this culture, our people are our most valuable resource, and we expect them to remain the key to our success for decades to come. We strive to create an environment that attracts, engages and develops the talent necessary to enable our performance and growth, including by offering competitive compensation and benefits, providing attractive professional growth opportunities, and insisting that everyone be treated with dignity and respect and be afforded equal opportunity. We also recognize the basic human need to feel a sense of inclusion, belonging, and meaning. So, we strive to foster an environment in which our people are passionate about our business and our Good Thinking culture, have a seat at the table, and genuinely believe that they are doing meaningful work. We believe that employees with diverse backgrounds, experiences and viewpoints bring value to our Company, especially when coupled with a strong culture of trust in which competing ideas are not only allowed but encouraged to emerge. We strongly believe that this type of environment drives discretionary effort, morale, creativity, initiative and retention and, in turn, long-term competitive advantage and value creation. Within the framework of our Good Thinking culture, we operate as One Team and strive to enrich the lives of our customers and consumers by delivering innovative solutions that improve everyday living, all while having a positive, lasting impact on our people and the communities in which we operate. 
 
 We are committed to achieving the highest standards of legal and ethical conduct, including by protecting the human rights and fair treatment of our employees. Our policies and programs including our Code of Corporate Conduct and other compliance policies, our employment-related policies, and our Human Rights Policy are designed to support this effort. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company employed approximately 700 employees in four countries Canada, China, Mexico, and the United States, of which approximately 95 were full time and the remaining were part time. Approximately 3 of our workforce is covered by collective bargaining agreements, all of whom are based in Canada or Mexico. There are approximately 500 employees in the United States with about half of those based at the Company s headquarters in Richmond, Virginia, which is home to the Company s product design, development and marketing teams as well as its state-of-the-art test kitchen and UL-certified test laboratory. Most of the remaining employees in the United States support the operation of our Byhalia, Mississippi distribution centers. We consider employee relations to be good. 
 
 Occupational Health and Safety 
 One of our top priorities is protecting the health and safety of our workforce. We are committed to maintaining a safe work environment and operating in a safe, secure and responsible manner. We require all Company personnel to perform their work in a manner that complies with legal requirements protecting the safety and health of all persons from unreasonable risks. In addition to maintaining property and equipment in safe operating conditions, our occupational health and safety framework includes certain safety training programs and safety-related processes and procedures as we strive to ensure the health and safety of our workforce. Employees are encouraged to initiate safety improvements, participate in safety committees, and always reinforce safe behaviors. 
 
 Talent Acquisition, Development and Retention 
 The long-term success and growth of our business depend in large part on our ability to execute an effective talent strategy that attracts, engages and grows a highly talented and committed workforce capable of enabling and leading our performance. To meet our talent objectives, we utilize key strategies and processes related to recruitment while we remain focused on continuing to strengthen our onboarding and ongoing learning development. We monitor market compensation and benefits to be able to attract, retain and promote employees and reduce turnover and its associated costs. Through our total rewards programs, we strive to offer competitive compensation, benefits and services to our full-time employees including, incentive plans, recognition plans, defined contribution plans, healthcare benefits, tax-advantaged spending accounts, employee assistance programs and other programs such as sick leave and paid vacation and holidays. 
 
 We are a learning organization committed to the goal of continuous improvement and the development of our workforce. To empower our employees to reach their full potential, we offer certain training, learning experiences and resources, such as Hamilton Beach University an ongoing, cross-functional learning program designed not only to help employees learn about our Company, our products and our industry but also to stay abreast of emerging trends and to develop job-specific skills. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Diversity and Inclusion 
 As an equal opportunity employer, we make decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. We strive to cultivate diversity of perspective in our workforce and believe teammates with diverse backgrounds, experiences and viewpoints bring value to our organization and improve our Good Thinking and, in turn, our decision-making. We strive to create a workplace in which employee differences are embraced and competing perspectives are encouraged to emerge, allowing robust collaboration and teamwork to drive better decision making and more favorable results for all stakeholders. All employees participate in training intended to enhance our awareness of the benefits of a diverse and inclusive workforce, to encourage more meaningful collaboration, and to strengthen team effectiveness. 
 
 COVID-19 
 Throughout the pandemic we have monitored the changing landscape of local requirements and guidelines for all locations and have made changes to our workplace protocols as necessary. We continue to monitor diligently the developments related to COVID-19 and to adjust as needed to perform our business requirements while providing a safe environment for our workforce. 
 
 We have been impressed by the resiliency and adaptability demonstrated by our employees throughout the pandemic. We believe that their ability to remain flexible and to work productively and collaboratively and, in many cases, remotely during such stressful and unpredictable times is a testament to the strength of our Good Thinking culture. We also believe that the pandemic-related challenges have strengthened us and that we now are better positioned to adjust work locations and patterns if other disruptive events were to occur. 
 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 There exists no arrangement or understanding between any executive officer and any other person pursuant to which such executive officer was selected. 
 The following tables set forth, as of March 9, 2023, the name, age, current position and principal occupation and employment during the past five years of the Company s executive officers. 
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY 
 Name Age Current Position Other Positions Gregory H. Trepp 61 President and Chief Executive Officer of Hamilton Beach Holding (from September 2017); President and Chief Executive Officer of HBB (from prior to 2017) 
 Chief Executive Officer of KC (from prior to 2017 to April 2020) 
 R. Scott Tidey 58 Senior Vice President, Global Sales of HBB (from January 2023) 
 Senior Vice President, Consumer Sales Marketing of HBB (from March 2021 to January 2023), Senior Vice President, North America Sales and Marketing of HBB (from prior to 2017 to March 2021) 
 Linda Woermer 62 Senior Director, Controller of HBB (from April 2020) 
 Director of Fahrenheit Advisors, LLC (from April 2019 to March 2020), Senior Manager of Financial Planning and Analysis, Global Commercial Operations of Indivior, Inc. (from September 2017 to March 2019) 
 Lawrence K. Workman, Jr. 53 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Hamilton Beach Holding (from July 2021) 
 Vice President, Business Development and Corporate Counsel of Coca-Cola Consolidated, Inc. (from prior to 2017 to July 2021) 
 
 Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Industry Risks 
 
 HBB s business is sensitive to the strength of the North American consumer markets and weakness in these markets could adversely affect its business. 
 
 The strength of the economy in the U.S., and to a lesser degree in Canada and Mexico, has a significant impact on HBB s performance. Weakness in consumer confidence and poor financial performance by mass merchandisers, ecommerce retailers, warehouse clubs, department stores or any of HBB s other customers could result in reduced revenue and profitability. A general slowdown in the consumer sector could result in additional pricing and marketing support pressures on HBB. Additionally, in periods of uncertain economic conditions, such as inflation, rising interest rates, recessions or economic slowdowns, HBB's customers may purchase less of our products as they manage their inventory levels to adjust to changes in consumers spending habits in response to such economic conditions. These circumstances could adversely impact our revenue and profitability. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

HBB is dependent on key customers and the loss of, or significant decline in business from, one or more of its key customers could materially reduce its revenue and profitability and its ability to sustain or grow its business. 
 
 HBB relies on several key customers. Although HBB has long-established relationships with many customers, it does not have any long-term supply contracts with these customers, and purchases are generally made using individual purchase orders. A loss of or significant reduction in sales to any key customer could result in significant decreases in HBB s revenue and profitability and an inability to sustain or grow its business. 
 
 HBB must receive a continuous flow of new orders from its large, high-volume retail customers; however, it may be unable to continually meet the needs of those customers. In addition, failure to obtain anticipated orders or delays or cancellations of orders or significant pressure to reduce prices from key customers could impair its ability to sustain or grow its business. 
 
 As a result of dependence on its key customers, HBB could experience a material adverse effect on its revenue and profitability if any of the following were to occur: 
 the insolvency or bankruptcy of any key customer; 
 a declining market in which customers materially reduce orders or demand lower prices; or 
 a strike or work stoppage at a key customer facility, which could affect both its suppliers and customers. 
 If HBB were to lose, or experience a significant decline in business from any major customer, or if any major customers were to go bankrupt, HBB might be unable to find alternate distribution outlets. 
 
 The increasing concentration of HBB s branded small electric household and specialty housewares appliance sales among a few retailers and the trend toward private label brands could materially reduce revenue and profitability. 
 
 With the growing trend towards the concentration of the industry and HBB s branded small electric household and specialty housewares appliance sales among fewer retailers, HBB is increasingly dependent upon fewer customers whose bargaining strength is growing as a result of this concentration. HBB sells a substantial quantity of products to mass merchandisers, ecommerce retailers, national department stores, variety store chains, drug store chains, specialty home retailers and other retail outlets. As a result, these retailers generally have a large selection of small electric household and specialty housewares appliance suppliers from which to choose. In addition, certain of HBB s larger customers use their own private label brands on household appliances that compete directly with some of HBB s products. As the retailers in the small electric household appliance industry become more concentrated, competition for sales to these retailers may increase, which could materially reduce our revenue and profitability. 
 
 If HBB is unable to continue to enhance existing products, as well as develop and market new products that respond to customer needs and preferences and achieve market acceptance, we may experience a decrease in demand for our products, which could materially reduce revenue and profitability, which have historically benefited from sales of new products. 
 
 HBB may not be able to compete as effectively with competitors, and ultimately satisfy the needs and preferences of customers, unless HBB can continue to enhance existing products and develop new innovative products for the markets in which HBB competes. Product development requires significant financial, technological, and other resources. Product improvements and new product introductions also require significant research, planning, design, development, engineering, and testing at the technological and product process levels and HBB may not be able to timely develop and introduce product improvements or new products. Competitors new products may beat HBB s products to market, be higher quality or more reliable, be more effective with more features, obtain better market acceptance, or render HBB s products obsolete. Any new products that HBB develops may not receive market acceptance or otherwise generate any meaningful revenue or profit relative to our expectations based on, among other things, commitments to fund advertising, marketing, promotional programs and development. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 HBB s inability to compete effectively with competitors in its industry could result in lost market share and decreased revenue. 
 
 The small electric household, specialty housewares appliances and commercial appliance industry does not have substantial entry barriers. As a result, HBB competes with many manufacturers and distributors of housewares products. Additional competitors may also enter this market and cause competition to intensify. For example, some of HBB s customers have expressed interest in sourcing, or expanding the extent of sourcing, small electric household and commercial appliances directly from manufacturers in Asia. We believe competition is based upon several factors, including product design and innovation, quality, price, product features, merchandising, promotion and warranty. If HBB fails to compete effectively with these manufacturers and distributors, it could lose market share and experience a decrease in revenue, which would adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 HBB also competes with established companies, a number of which have substantially greater facilities, personnel, financial and other resources. In addition, HBB competes with its own retail customers, who use their own private label brands, and importers and foreign manufacturers of unbranded products. Some competitors may be willing to reduce prices and accept lower profit margins to compete. As a result of this competition, HBB could lose market share and revenue. 
 
 Changes in consumer shopping trends and changes in distribution channels could result in lost market share and decreased revenue and profitability. 
 
 Traditional brick-and-mortar retail channels have experienced low growth or declines in recent years, while the ecommerce channel has experienced significant growth. Consumer shopping preferences have shifted, and may continue to shift in the future, to distribution channels other than traditional brick-and-mortar retail channels. Success in the ecommerce channel requires providing products at the right price, products that earn strong ratings and reviews and meaningful engagement with online shoppers. HBB has invested in industry leading selling and marketing capabilities, while maintaining its presence in traditional brick-and-mortar retail channels. However, if we are not successful in utilizing ecommerce channels that consumers may prefer, we may experience a loss in market share and decreased revenue and profitability. 
 
 HBB s business involves the potential for product recalls, which could affect HBB s revenue and profitability. 
 
 As a marketer and distributor of consumer products, HBB is subject to the Consumer Products Safety Act and the Federal Hazardous Substances Act, which empower the CPSC to seek to exclude from the market those products that are found to be unsafe or hazardous. Under certain circumstances, the CPSC could require HBB to repair, replace or refund the purchase price of one or more of our products, or HBB may voluntarily do so. Electrical appliances are subject to various mandatory and voluntary standards. Any repurchases or recalls of our products could be costly to us and could damage our reputation or the value of our brands. If HBB is required to remove, or HBB voluntarily removes our products from the market, our reputation or brands could be tarnished, and HBB might have large quantities of finished products that could not be sold. Furthermore, failure to timely notify the CPSC of a potential safety hazard can result in fines being assessed against HBB. Additionally, laws regulating certain consumer products exist in some states, as well as in other countries in which HBB sells our products, and more restrictive laws and regulations may be adopted in the future. HBB s results of operations are also susceptible to adverse publicity regarding the quality and safety of our products. In particular, product recalls may result in a decline in sales for a particular product. 
 
 The markets for HBB's products are highly seasonal and dependent on consumer spending, which could result in significant variations in revenue and profitability. 
 
 Sales of HBB products are related to consumer spending, including general economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income such as unemployment rates, business conditions, interest rates, levels of consumer confidence, energy prices, mortgage rates, the level of consumer debt and taxation. Declines in consumer spending or a shift in consumer spending away from small electric household and specialty housewares appliances may significantly reduce demand for our products and reduce orders from retailers for our products, which could lead to increased inventories. Additionally, this may result in lower sales volume, higher price concessions, and lower gross margins. 
 
 In addition, the retail market for small electric household and specialty housewares appliances is highly seasonal in nature. Accordingly, HBB generally recognizes a substantial portion of our revenue in the second half of the year as sales increase significantly with the fall holiday-selling season. Accordingly, quarter-to-quarter comparisons of past operating results of HBB are meaningful only when comparing equivalent time periods, if at all. 

7 

Table of Contents 

 Business Risks 
 
 Uncertain or unfavorable global economic conditions may have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Our business has in the past been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by changes in global economic conditions including inflation, rising interest rates, consumer spending rates, availability and costs of raw materials, and availability of capital markets. Further, the negative impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic and its downstream impacts, as well as the ongoing war in Ukraine could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Inflationary pressures negatively impacted our net revenues, operating margin and net income in fiscal year 2022. 
 
 Factors that are largely beyond HBB's control, such as inflation and commodity prices for the raw materials needed by suppliers of HBB s products, may affect the cost of products. While, historically, the costs of our products have fluctuated, we experienced higher than expected product costs during 2022, largely due to cost pressures resulting from economic conditions. As an example, HBB s products require a substantial amount of plastic. Because the primary resource used in plastic is petroleum, the cost and availability of plastic varies to a great extent with the price of petroleum. When the prices of petroleum, as well as steel, aluminum and copper, increase significantly, supplier price increases may materially reduce our profitability. In addition, due to ongoing global supply chain challenges, the Company experienced increased transportation costs which have negatively impacted our results in 2022, and could continue to adversely affect our operating results in the future. 
 
 Although we take measures to mitigate the impact of increased product and transportation costs through pricing, if inflationary pressures are sustained, or if pricing strategies are ineffective or are not implemented in a timely manner, we may only be able to recover a portion of our increased costs in future periods which may have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our ability to raise prices to reflect increased costs may also be limited by competitive conditions in the market for our products. Conversely, because our sales are at prices that are based upon product and transportation costs, our operating profit may be negatively impacted during periods of product cost deflation even though our gross profit as a percentage of net sales may remain relatively constant. If these pressures continue, our revenue, operating margins and net income may continue to be negatively impacted in fiscal year 2023. 
 
 HBB is subject to foreign currency exchange risk. 
 
 HBB s products are supplied by third-party suppliers located primarily in China. HBB generally negotiates the purchases from its foreign suppliers in U.S. dollars. A weakening of the U.S. dollar against local currencies could result in certain non-U.S. manufacturers increasing the U.S. dollar prices for future product purchases. 
 
 As a result of our international operations, we are exposed to foreign currency risks that arise from our normal business operations, including risks in connection with our transactions that are denominated in foreign currencies. In addition, we translate sales and other results denominated in foreign currencies into U.S. dollars for purposes of our consolidated financial statements. As a result, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against these foreign currencies generally will have a negative impact on our reported revenues and profitability, while depreciation of the U.S. dollar against these foreign currencies will generally have a positive effect on reported revenues and profitability. 
 
 Any hedging activities HBB engages in may only offset a portion of the adverse financial impact resulting from unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates. HBB cannot predict with any certainty changes in foreign currency exchange rates or the degree to which HBB can mitigate these risks. 
 
 To the extent that HBB relies on newly acquired businesses or new product lines to expand its business, these acquisitions or new product lines may not contribute positively to HBB s earnings because anticipated sales volumes and synergies may not materialize, cost savings may be less than expected or acquired businesses may carry unexpected liabilities. 
 
 HBB may acquire partial or full ownership in businesses or may acquire rights to market and distribute particular products or lines of products. The acquisition of a business or of the rights to market specific products or use specific product names may involve a financial commitment by HBB, either in the form of cash or stock consideration. HBB may not be able to acquire businesses and develop products that will contribute positively to HBB s earnings. Anticipated synergies may not materialize, cost savings may be less than expected, sales of products may not meet expectations or acquired businesses may carry unexpected liabilities. 

8 

Table of Contents 

 HBB depends on third-party suppliers for all of our products, which subjects the Company to risks, including unanticipated increases in expenses, decreases in revenue and disruptions in the supply chain. 
 
 HBB is dependent on third-party suppliers for the manufacturing and distribution of our products. Our ability to select reliable suppliers that provide timely deliveries of quality products will impact our success in meeting customer demand. Any supplier's inability to timely deliver products that meet desired specifications or any unanticipated changes in suppliers could be disruptive and costly. Any significant failure by HBB to obtain quality products, in sufficient quantities, on a timely basis, and at an affordable cost or any significant delays or interruptions of supply would have a material adverse effect on revenue and profitability. As a majority of suppliers are based in China, international operations are subject to additional risks including, among others: 
 
 currency fluctuations; 
 labor unrest; 
 potential political, economic and social instability, including the repercussions of the conflict in Ukraine; 
 restrictions on transfers of funds; 
 import and export duties and quotas; 
 changes in domestic and international customs and tariffs, including embargoes and customs restrictions; 
 uncertainties involving the costs to transport products; 
 long distance shipping routes dependent upon a small group of shipping and rail carriers and import facilities; 
 unexpected changes in regulatory environments; 
 regulatory issues involved in dealing with foreign suppliers and in exporting and importing products; 
 protection of intellectual property; 
 difficulty in complying with a variety of foreign laws; 
 difficulty in obtaining distribution and administrative support; 
 natural or human induced disasters such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, hurricanes, typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions, power or water shortages, telecommunications failures, and medical epidemics or pandemics, including potential consequences from the coronavirus; and 
 potentially adverse tax consequences, including significant changes in tax law. 
 The foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on our ability to maintain or increase the supply of products, which may result in material increases in expenses and decreases in revenue and profitability. 
 
 Our financial results may be negatively impacted by transportation constraints on shipping capabilities. 
 
 Our ability to meet customers demands depends, in part, on our ability to obtain the timely and adequate shipment of our products. Certain transportation industry vendors may experience capacity constraints due to increases in volume. If our transportation industry vendors become capacity constrained, then we may have to identify new vendors or explore alternative order fulfillment methods to ensure we have sufficient shipping capabilities. We have experienced and could again experience significant delays in shipping our products to customers and incur additional costs to establish alternative shipping sources if existing vendors are unable to sufficiently handle our shipping volume. We cannot predict if we will be able to obtain alternative shipping sources within the time frames that we require and at a comparable cost. 
 
 The Company is dependent on key personnel and the loss of these key personnel could significantly reduce its consolidated profitability. 
 
 The Company is highly dependent on the skills, experience and services of its and its subsidiaries key personnel and the loss of key personnel could have a material adverse effect on its consolidated business, operating results and financial condition. Employment and retention of qualified personnel is important to the successful conduct of our business. Therefore, the Company's success also depends upon its ability to recruit, hire, train and retain current and additional skilled and experienced management personnel. The Company's inability to hire and retain personnel with the requisite skills could impair its ability to manage and operate its consolidated business effectively and could significantly reduce its consolidated profitability. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s business could suffer if information technology systems are disrupted, cease to operate effectively or become subject to a security breach. 
 
 The Company relies heavily on information technology systems to operate websites; record and process transactions; respond to customer inquiries; manage inventory; purchase, sell and ship merchandise on a timely basis; and maintain cost-efficient operations. Given the significant number of transactions that are completed annually, it is vital to maintain constant operation of computer hardware and software systems and maintain cybersecurity. In addition, we collect, store, have access to and otherwise process certain confidential or sensitive data. 
 
 Cyber-attacks are becoming more sophisticated and include computer viruses or other malicious codes, attacks to gain unauthorized access to data, and other security breaches that could lead to the loss of valuable business data, misappropriation of our consumers or employees personal information, or a disruption of our critical systems. The Audit Review Committee of the Company is regularly briefed on cybersecurity matters, however despite our security efforts, if unauthorized access does occur, we could become the subject of regulatory action or litigation from our customers, employees, suppliers, and shareholders, which could damage our reputation, require significant expenditures of capital, and cause us to lose business and revenue. Additionally, unauthorized access could also cause interruptions in our operations and might require us to spend significant management time and other resources investigating the event and dealing with local and federal law enforcement. While we have not experienced any material impacts from a cyber-attack, any one or more future cyber-attacks could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our information technology systems may be vulnerable from time to time to damage and other technical malfunctions. If our systems are damaged, or fail to function properly, we may have to make monetary investments to repair or replace the systems and could endure delays in operations. Any material disruption or slowdown of our systems, including our failure to successfully upgrade systems, could cause information, including data related to customer orders, to be lost or delayed. Such a loss or delay could reduce demand and cause our sales and/or profitability to decline. 
 
 Failure to maintain data privacy could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Company is subject to certain laws, rules and regulations enacted to protect businesses and personal data Privacy Laws ), which may include the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR and the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), as well as industry self-regulatory codes that create new compliance obligations. The administration, enforcement and regulation of Privacy Laws are quickly evolving and subject to changes in interpretation. Future changes in Privacy Laws may require the Company to incur additional and unexpected expenses and may subject the Company to additional compliance risk. Any failure to comply with Privacy Laws could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Financial Risks 
 
 The financing arrangement of HBB contains various restrictions that could limit operating flexibility. 
 
 HBB s credit facility contains covenants and other restrictions that, among other things, require HBB to satisfy certain financial tests, maintain certain financial ratios and restrict HBB s ability to incur additional indebtedness. The restrictions and covenants in HBB s credit facility, and other future financing arrangements may limit HBB s ability to respond to market conditions, provide for capital investment needs, pay dividends or take advantage of business opportunities by limiting the amount of additional borrowings HBB may incur. Additionally, our exposure to rising interest rates subjects us to increased debt obligations with respect to existing floating rate debt during periods where such rates are in effect, particularly in light of the significant increase in interest rates during 2022. 
 
 Regulatory Risks 
 
 HBB may become subject to claims under foreign laws and regulations, which may be expensive, time-consuming and distracting. 
 
 Because HBB has employees, property and business operations outside of the U.S., HBB is subject to the laws and the court systems of many jurisdictions. HBB may become subject to claims outside the U.S. for violations or alleged violations of laws with respect to the current or future foreign operations of HBB. In addition, these laws may be changed or new laws may be enacted in the future. International litigation is often expensive, time-consuming and distracting. As a result, any of these risks could significantly reduce HBB s profitability and its ability to operate its businesses effectively. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 HBB s obligations relating to environmental matters may exceed our expectations. 
 
 HBB is subject to laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing the management and disposal of hazardous substances. HBB is investigating or remediating historical contamination at some current and former sites related to HBB s prior manufacturing operations or the operations of businesses HBB acquired. The costs of investigating and remediating historical contamination may increase based on the findings of investigations and the effectiveness of remediation methods. In addition, the discovery of additional contamination at these or other sites could result in significant cleanup costs that could have a material adverse effect on HBB s financial conditions and results of operations. Future changes to environmental laws could require HBB to incur significant additional expense. 
 
 HBB could, under some circumstances, also be held financially liable for or suffer other adverse effects due to environmental violations or contamination caused by prior owners of businesses HBB has acquired. In certain circumstances, HBB s financial liability for cleanup costs takes into account agreements with an unrelated third party. HBB s liability for these costs could increase if the unrelated third party does not, or cannot, perform its obligations under those agreements. In addition, under some of the agreements through which HBB has sold real estate, HBB has retained responsibility for certain contingent environmental liabilities arising from pre-closing operations. These liabilities may not arise, if at all, until years after HBB sold these operations and could require us to incur significant additional expenses, which could materially adversely affect HBB s results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The Company is subject to litigation risk which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 
 From time to time we are subject to claims involving product liability, infringement of intellectual property and patent rights of third parties and other matters. Any such claims, with or without merit, could be time consuming and expensive, and may require the Company to incur substantial costs and divert the resources of management. Due to the uncertainties of litigation, unfavorable rulings could occur. If an unfavorable ruling were to occur, there exists the possibility of an adverse impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the period in which the ruling occurs, or in future periods. 
 
 HBB s business subjects it to product liability claims, which could affect the reputation, revenue and profitability of HBB. 
 
 HBB faces exposure to product liability claims if one of our products is alleged to have caused property damage, bodily injury or other adverse effects up to a defined self-insured loss limit per claim and maintains product liability insurance for claims above this self-insured level. If a product liability claim is brought against HBB, our revenue and profitability could be affected adversely as a result of negative publicity related to the claim, costs associated with any replacement of the product or expenses related to defending these claims. This could be true even if the claims themselves are ultimately settled for immaterial amounts. In addition, HBB may not be able to maintain product liability insurance on terms acceptable to HBB in the future. If the number of product liability claims HBB experiences exceeds historical amounts, if HBB is unable to maintain product liability insurance or if HBB s product liability claims exceed the amount of our insurance coverage, HBB s results of operations and financial condition could be affected adversely. 
 
 Government regulations could impose costly requirements on HBB. 
 
 The SEC adopted conflict mineral rules under Section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank Act on August 22, 2012. The rules require disclosure of the use of certain minerals, commonly known as conflict minerals, which are mined from the DRC and adjoining countries. Since HBB s supply chain is complex, ultimately it may not be able to designate all products as DRC conflict free which may adversely affect its reputation with certain customers. In such event, HBB may also face difficulties in satisfying customers who require products purchased from HBB to be DRC conflict free . If HBB is not able to meet such requirements, customers may choose not to purchase HBB products, which could adversely affect sales and the value of portions of HBB s inventory. 
 
 HBB is subject in the ordinary course of its business, in the U.S. and elsewhere, to many statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations that, if violated by HBB or its affiliates, partners or vendors, could have a material adverse effect on HBB s business. HBB is required to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA and similar anti-bribery, anti-corruption and anti-kickback laws adopted in many of the countries in which HBB does business which prohibit HBB from engaging in bribery or making other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business and also require maintenance of adequate record-keeping and internal accounting practices to accurately reflect transactions. Under the FCPA, companies operating in the U.S. may be held liable for actions taken by their strategic or local partners or representatives. If HBB does not properly implement and maintain practices and controls with respect to compliance with applicable anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws, or if HBB fails to enforce those practices and controls properly, 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 HBB may be held responsible for their actions and may become subject to regulatory sanctions, including administrative costs related to governmental and internal investigations, civil and criminal penalties, injunctions and restrictions on HBB s business and capital raising activities, any of which could materially and adversely affect HBB s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 U.S. government trade actions could have a material adverse effect on Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company s subsidiaries, financial position, and results of operation. 
 
 Over the past several years, the U.S. government has taken a number of trade actions that impact or could impact our operations, including imposing tariffs on certain goods imported into the United States. In addition, several governments, including the European Union, China and India, have imposed tariffs on certain goods imported from the United States. As the majority of our products are imported into the United States from China, many of our product lines are subject to the tariffs imposed under Section 301 of U.S. trade law that have been applied to separate lists of Chinese goods imported into the United States, beginning during the Trump Administration and continuing in the Biden Administration. The Section 301 tariffs on goods covered by lists 1, 2, 3 and 4a affect approximately 25 of total HBB purchases on an annualized basis. In December 2019, the United States Trade Representative (USTR) announced a Phase One agreement with China pursuant to which the U.S. government agreed to suspend the 15 tariffs on List 4b products. In January 2020, USTR issued a Federal Register notice reducing the rate of Section 301 tariffs on List 4a products to 7.5 , effective in February 2020. A number of lawsuits and other legal challenges with respect to the Section 301 tariff actions have been filed and remain pending, which could result in changes to the tariffs. To date, the Biden Administration has effectively maintained and has continued to defend and to enforce these particular trade actions. We are continually evaluating the impact of the current and any possible new tariffs on our supply chain, costs, sales and profitability and are considering strategies to mitigate such impact, including reviewing sourcing options, filing requests for exclusion from the tariffs for certain product lines and working with our suppliers and customers. We can provide no assurance that any strategies we implement to mitigate the impact of such tariffs or other trade actions will be successful. Given the uncertainty regarding the scope and duration of these trade actions by the U.S. government or other countries, as well as the potential for additional trade actions, the impact on our operations and results remains uncertain. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 
 The amount and frequency of dividend payments made on Hamilton Beach Holding s common stock could change. 
 
 The Company's Board has the power to determine the amount and frequency of the payment of dividends. Decisions regarding whether or not to pay dividends and the amount of any dividends are based on earnings, capital, and future expense requirements, financial conditions, contractual limitations and other factors our Board may consider. Accordingly, holders of our common stock should not rely on past payment of dividends in a particular amount as an indication of the amount of dividends, if any, that will be paid in the future. 
 
 Certain members of the Company's extended founding family own a substantial amount of Class A Common and Class B Common, and if they were to act in concert, could control the outcome of director elections and other stockholder votes on significant actions. 
 
 Hamilton Beach Holding has two classes of common stock: Class A Common and Class B Common. Holders of Class A Common will be entitled to cast one vote per share and, as of December 31, 2022, accounted for approximately 20.70 of the voting power of Hamilton Beach Holding. Holders of Class B Common are entitled to cast ten votes per share and, as of December 31, 2022, accounted for the remaining voting power of Hamilton Beach Holding. As of December 31, 2022, certain members of the Company's extended founding family held approximately 32.72 of Class A Common and 87.47 of Class B Common. On the basis of this common stock ownership, certain members of the Company's extended founding family could exercise 76.13 of the Company's total voting power. Although there is no voting agreement among such family members, in writing or otherwise, if they were to act in concert, they would exert significant control over the outcome of director elections and other stockholder votes on significant actions, such as certain amendments to the Company's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and sale of the Company or substantially all of its assets. Because such family members could prevent other stockholders from exercising significant influence over significant corporate actions, the Company may be a less attractive takeover target, which could adversely affect the market price of its common stock. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

Item 2. PROPERTIES 
 The following table presents the principal distribution and office facilities owned or leased: 
 Owned/ Facility Location Leased Function(s) (3) 
 Glen Allen, Virginia Leased Corporate headquarters Geel, Belgium (1) Distribution center Shenzhen, People's Republic of China (1) Distribution centers Mexico City, Mexico Leased Mexico sales and administrative headquarters Belleville, Ontario, Canada Leased Distribution center Southern Pines, North Carolina Owned Service center for customer returns; parts distribution center; call center Shenzhen, People's Republic of China Leased Administrative office Markham, Ontario, Canada Leased Canada sales and administration headquarters Shanghai, People's Republic of China Leased Sales office Tultitlan, Mexico (1) Distribution center Byhalia, Mississippi Leased Distribution centers (2) 
 (1) This facility is not owned or leased by HBB. This facility is managed by a third-party distribution provider. 
 (2) The Company leases two distribution facilities in Byhalia, Mississippi 
 (3) Sales offices are also leased in several cities in the U.S., Canada, China and Mexico. 

Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 The information required by this Item 3 is set forth in Note 11 "Contingencies" included in our Financial Statements and Supplementary Data contained in Part IV of this Form 10-K and is hereby incorporated herein by reference to such information. 

Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 None. 

PART II 

Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 The Company's Class A Common is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol HBB. Because of transfer restrictions, no trading market has developed, or is expected to develop, for the Company's Class B Common. The Class B Common is convertible into Class A Common on a one-for-one basis. 
 The declaration of future dividends, record dates and payout dates for such future dividends will be at the discretion of the Board and will depend on various factors then existing, including earnings, financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, level of indebtedness, contractual restrictions with respect to the payment of dividends, restrictions imposed by applicable law, general business conditions and other factors that the Board deems relevant. 
 At March 3, 2023, there were 727 Class A Common stockholders of record and 771 Class B Common stockholders of record. 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 
 In February 2022, the Company's Board approved a stock repurchase program for the purchase of up to 25 million of the Company's Class A Common outstanding starting February 22, 2022 and ending December 31, 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 261,049 shares for an aggregate purchase price of 3.0 million. There were no share repurchases during the fourth quarter of 2022. There were no share repurchases during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. RESERVED 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

 Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our historical financial statements and related notes thereto and the other disclosures contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion and analysis focuses on our financial results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and year-to-year comparisons between these years. A discussion of our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 is included in Part II, Item 7 "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 
 The Company's discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based upon the Company's consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities (if any). Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 
 The Company believes the following critical accounting policies affect its more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of its consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Revenue Recognition: Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to the Company's customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. Sales taxes are excluded from revenue. At contract inception, the Company assesses the goods and services promised in its contracts with customers and identifies a performance obligation for each promised good or service that is distinct. The Company has elected to account for shipping and handling activities performed after a customer obtains control of the goods as activities to fulfill the promise to transfer the goods, and therefore these activities are not assessed as a separate service to customers. The amount of revenue recognized varies primarily with price concessions and changes in returns. The Company offers price concessions to our customers for incentive offerings, special pricing agreements, price competition, promotions or other volume-based arrangements. We determine whether price concessions offered to our customers are a reduction of the transaction price and revenue or are advertising expense, depending on whether we receive a distinct good or service from our customers and, if so, whether we can reasonably estimate the fair value of that distinct good or service. We evaluated such agreements with our customers and determined they should be accounted for as variable consideration. 
 
 To estimate variable consideration, the Company applies both the expected value method and most likely amount method based on the form of variable consideration, according to which method would provide the better prediction. The expected value method involves a probability weighted determination of the expected amount, whereas the most likely amount method identifies the single most likely outcome in a range of possible amounts. 
 
 The Company monitors its estimates of variable consideration, which includes returns and price concessions, and periodically makes adjustments to the carrying amounts as appropriate. During 2022, there were no material adjustments to the aforesaid estimates and the Company's past results of operations have not been materially affected by a change in these estimates. Although there can be no assurances, the Company is not aware of any circumstances that would be reasonably likely to materially change these estimates in the future. 
 
 Retirement Benefit Plans: The Company maintains two defined benefit pension plans that provide benefits based on years of service and average compensation during certain periods. The Company's policy is to periodically make contributions to fund the defined benefit pension plans within the range allowed by applicable regulations. The defined benefit pension plan assets consist primarily of government and corporate bonds. There is no guarantee the actual return on the plans assets will equal the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets or that the plans will not incur investment losses. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

 Historically, the Company employed a total return on investment approach whereby a mix of equities and fixed income investments were used to maximize the long-term return of plan assets for a prudent level of risk. During the second quarter of 2022, the Board of Directors of HBB approved the termination of the Company's U.S. defined benefit pension plan (the "Plan") with an effective date of September 30, 2022. In light of the Plan termination process, volatility in the market, and the funding status, the Plan transferred a significant portion of its assets to lower risk investments in 2022 to move towards a liability driven investing strategy whereby the assets are primarily fixed income investments. The fixed income investments that were chosen under this strategy, while not precisely the same, are meant to parallel the investments selected in determining the discount rate used to calculate the Company s pension liability. 
 
 For the Non-U.S. Plan, the expected long-term rate of return on defined benefit plan assets reflects the Company's expectations of long-term rates of return on funds invested to provide for benefits included in the projected benefit obligations. In establishing the expected long-term rate of return assumption for plan assets, the Company considers the historical rates of return over a period of time that is consistent with the long-term nature of the underlying obligations of these plans as well as a forward-looking rate of return. The historical and forward-looking rates of return are used to determine the Company's estimated rate of return assumption. 
 
 Expected returns for the U.S. pension plan are based on a calculated market-related value for U.S. pension plan assets. Expected returns for the non-U.S. pension plan are based on fair market value for non-U.S. pension plan assets. Under this methodology, asset gains and losses resulting from actual returns that differ from the Company's expected returns which are recognized ratably in the market-related value of assets over three years. 
 
 The basis for the selection of the discount rate for each plan is determined by matching the timing of the payment of the expected obligations under the defined benefit plans against the corresponding yield of high-quality corporate bonds of equivalent maturities. 
 
 Changes to the estimate of any of these factors could result in a material change to the Company's pension obligation causing a related increase or decrease in reported net operating results in the period of change in the estimate. Because the 2022 assumptions are used to calculate 2023 pension expense amounts, a one percentage-point change in the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets would result in a change in pension expense for 2023 of approximately 0.3 million for the plans. A one percentage-point change in the discount rate would result in a change in pension expense for 2023 of less than 0.1 million. A one percentage-point increase in the discount rate would have lowered the plans projected benefit obligation as of the end of 2022 by approximately 1.0 million; while a one percentage-point decrease in the discount rate would have raised the plans projected benefit obligation as of the end of 2022 by approximately 1.1 million. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The results of operations for Hamilton Beach Holding were as follows for the years ended December 31: 
 
 2022 Compared with 2021 
 Year Ended December 31 2022 of Revenue 2021 of Revenue Change Change Revenue 640,949 100.0 658,394 100.0 (17,445) (2.6) Cost of sales 511,835 79.9 521,892 79.3 (10,057) (1.9) Gross profit 129,114 20.1 136,502 20.7 (7,388) (5.4) Selling, general and administrative expenses 90,120 14.1 104,763 15.9 (14,643) (14.0) Amortization of intangible assets 200 200 Operating profit (loss) 38,794 6.1 31,539 4.8 7,255 23.0 Interest expense, net 4,589 0.7 2,854 0.4 1,735 60.8 Other expense (income), net 1,776 0.3 (272) 2,048 (752.9) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 32,429 5.1 28,957 4.4 3,472 12.0 Income tax expense 7,162 1.1 7,651 1.2 (489) (6.4) Net income from continuing operations 25,267 3.9 21,306 3.2 3,961 18.6 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax Net income 25,267 4.1 21,306 3.2 3,961 18.6 
 Effective income tax rate on continuing operations 22.1 26.4 
 
 The following table identifies the components of the change in revenue for 2022 compared with 2021: 
 Revenue 2021 658,394 (Decrease) increase from: Unit volume and product mix (58,530) Foreign currency (1,777) Average sales price 42,862 2022 640,949 
 
 Revenue - Revenue decreased 17.4 million, or 2.6 over the prior year due primarily to lower unit volume in the US, Canadian and Latin American markets. Price increases and favorable product mix partially offset these volume decreases. Additionally, revenue decreased compared to the prior year due to the Company's decision to move to a licensing model from a company-managed model for its consumer business in Brazil and China. Partially offsetting these decreases was a 20.5 million, or 50.0 increase in revenue in the Global Commercial market compared to the prior year due to the continued rebound of customer demand from pandemic-driven softness. The Mexican Consumer market had an increase in sales volume and revenue compared to the prior year. 
 
 Gross profit - Gross profit margin was 20.1 in the current year compared to 20.7 in the prior year. Price increases implemented during 2022 partially offset the higher product and transportation costs. Additionally, in 2022 there was a reduction in carrier storage charges as compared to 2021. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

 Selling, general and administrative expenses - Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 14.6 million due primarily to the 10.0 million insurance recovery recognized during the first quarter of 2022. Compared to the prior year, outside services decreased, and incremental expenses incurred during the relocation to the Company's new distribution center did not recur. 
 
 Interest expense - Interest expense, net increased 1.7 million due primarily to rising interest rates, as well as increased average borrowings outstanding under HBB's revolving credit facility. 
 
 Other expense (income), net - Other expense (income), net in 2022 includes currency losses of 1.9 million in the current year compared to currency losses of 0.6 million in 2021. This increase is driven by the liquidation of the Brazilian subsidiary, which resulted in 2.1 million of accumulated other comprehensive losses being released into other expense (income), net during the first quarter of 2022. Additionally, during 2022, the Company recorded a 0.3 million pension settlement charge. 
 
 Income tax expense - The effective tax rate on income from continuing operations was 22.1 and 26.4 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effective tax rate was higher for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 due to the inclusion of interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits as a discrete expense item. The interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits were reversed during the second quarter of 2022 due to a change in the Company's position on an unresolved Mexico tax matter, favorably impacting the effective tax rate for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, partially offset by a valuation allowance on certain foreign deferred tax assets related to the Brazil liquidation. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company cash flows are provided by dividends paid or distributions made by its subsidiary. The only material assets held by it are the investment in its consolidated subsidiary. As a result, certain statutory limitations or regulatory or financing agreements could affect the levels of distributions allowed to be made by its subsidiary. Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company has not guaranteed any of the obligations of its subsidiary. 
 
 HBB's principal sources of cash to fund liquidity needs are: (i) cash generated from operations and (ii) borrowings available under the revolving credit facility, as defined below. HBB's primary use of funds consists of working capital requirements, operating expenses, capital expenditures, and payments of principal and interest on debt. At December 31, 2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents for continuing operations of 0.9 million, compared to 1.1 million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 The following table presents selected cash flow information from continuing operations: 
 Year Ended December 31 (In thousands) 2022 2021 Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities from continuing operations (3,418) 17,857 Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities from continuing operations (2,279) (11,844) Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities from continuing operations 5,575 (7,266) 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

 December 31, 2022 Compared with December 31, 2021 
 
 Operating activities - Net cash used for operating activities was 3.4 million compared to cash provided by operating activities of 17.9 million in 2021 primarily due to net working capital which was a use of cash of 39.0 million in 2022 compared to a use of cash of 1.5 million in 2021. In 2022, trade receivables provided net cash of 4.5 million compared to net cash provided of 27.6 million in the prior year due to the timing of collections. Net cash used for inventory and accounts payable combined was 43.5 million in 2022 compared to 29.1 million in 2021. The Company significantly reduced inventory levels compared to the prior year. This cash inflow was offset by a larger cash outflow related to accounts payable due to the timing of payments. 
 
 Investing activities - Net cash used for investing activities decreased in 2022 compared to 2021 due to capital spending for the Company's new leased distribution center facility in 2021 that did not recur. 
 
 Financing activities - Net cash provided by financing activities was 5.6 million in 2022 compared to cash used by financing activities of 7.3 million. The change is due to an increase in HBB's net borrowing activity on the revolving credit facility to fund net working capital. 
 
 Capital Resources 
 
 HBB has a 150.0 million senior secured floating-rate revolving credit facility (the HBB Facility that expires in June 2025. The Company expects to continue to borrow against the facility and make voluntary repayments within the next twelve months. Repayment of the credit facility is due on June 30, 2025, therefore all borrowings are classified as long term debt as of December 31, 2022. The obligations under the HBB Facility are secured by substantially all of HBB's assets. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the borrowing base under the HBB Facility w as 149.2 million a nd borrowings outstanding were 110.9 million. A t December 31, 2022, the excess availability under the HBB Facility was 38.3 million. 
 
 The maximum availability under the HBB Facility is governed by a borrowing base derived from advance rates against eligible trade receivables, inventory and trademarks of the borrowers, as defined in the HBB Facility. Borrowings bear interest at a floating rate, which can be a base rate, Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") or bankers' acceptance rate, as defined in the HBB Facility, plus an applicable margin. T he applicable margins, effective December 31, 2022, for base rate loans and SOFR loans denominated in U.S. dollars were 0.00 and 2.05 , respectively. The applicable margins, effective December 31, 2022, for base rate loans and bankers' acceptance loans denominated in Canadian dollars were 0.00 and 2.05 , respectively. The HBB Facility also requires a fee of 0.25 per annum on the unused commitment. The margins and unused com mitment fee under the HBB Facility are subject to quarterly adjustment based on average excess availability. The weighted average interest rate applicable to the HBB Facility for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 3.49 , includi ng the floating rate margin and the effect of the interest rate swap agreements described below. 
 
 To reduce the exposure to changes in the market rate of interest, HBB has entered into interest rate swap agreements for a portion of the HBB Facility. Terms of the interest rate swap agreements require HBB to receive a variable interest rate and pay a fixed interest rate. HBB has interest rate swaps with notional values totaling 50.0 million at December 31, 2022 at an average fixed interest rate of 0.9 . HBB also entered into delayed-start interest rate swaps. These swaps have notional values totaling 50.0 million as of December 31, 2022, with an average fixed interest rate of 1.6 . 
 
 The HBB Facility includes restrictive covenants, which, among other things, limit the payment of dividends to Hamilton Beach Holding, subject to achieving availability thresholds. Dividends to Hamilton Beach Holding are not to exceed 7.0 million during any calendar year to the extent that for the thirty days prior to the dividend payment date, and after giving effect to the dividend payment, HBB maintains excess availability of not less than 18.0 million. Dividends to Hamilton Beach Holding are discretionary to the extent that for the thirty days prior to the dividend payment date, and after giving effect to the dividend payment, HBB maintains excess availability of not less than 30.0 million. The HBB Facility also requires HBB to achieve a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio in certain circumstances, as defined in the HBB Facility. As of December 31, 2022, HBB was in compliance with all financial covenants in the HBB Facility. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

 The Company maintains an arrangement with a financial institution to sell certain U.S. trade receivables on a non-recourse basis. The Company utilizes this arrangement as an integral part of financing working capital. 
 
 HBB believes funds available from cash on hand, the HBB Facility and operating cash flows will provide sufficient liquidity to meet its operating needs and commitments arising during the next twelve months and until the expiration of the HBB Facility. 
 
 Contractual Obligations, Contingent Liabilities and Commitments 
 
 Following is a table which summarizes the contractual obligations of Hamilton Beach Holding as of December 31, 2022: 
 Payments Due by Period Contractual Obligations Total 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Revolving credit agreements 110,895 110,895 Variable interest payments on HBB Facility 11,277 5,645 3,878 1,754 Purchase and other obligations 172,737 172,574 61 51 51 Operating lease obligations 66,952 8,265 8,010 6,235 5,701 5,509 33,232 Total contractual cash obligations 361,861 186,484 11,949 118,935 5,752 5,509 33,232 
 
 HBB s variable interest payments are calculated based upon HBB's anticipated payment schedule and the December 31, 2022 base rate and applicable margins, as defined in the HBB Facility. A 0.25 increase in the base rate would increase HBB s estimated total annual interest payments on the HBB Facility by approximately 0.2 million. 
 
 HBB's purchase and other obligations are primarily for accounts payable, open purchase orders and accrued payroll and incentive compensation. 
 
 An event of default, as defined in the HBB Facility and in HBB's operating lease agreements, could cause an acceleration of the payment schedule. No such event of default for HBB has occurred or is anticipated to occur. 
 
 Given the funded status of the two defined benefit pension plans, HBB does not expect to contribute to its pension plans in 2023. Pension benefit payments are made from assets of the pension plans. 
 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 The Company has not entered into any off balance sheet financing arrangements. 
 
 Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Standards 
 
 Refer to Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for discussion of recently issued and adopted accounting standards. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 The statements contained in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward looking statements are made subject to certain risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those presented. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly revise these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date hereof. Such risks and uncertainties include, without limitation: (1) the Company s ability to source and ship products to meet anticipated demand, (2) the Company s ability to successfully manage constraints throughout the global transportation supply chain, (3) uncertain or unfavorable global economic conditions, including those resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and its downstream impacts and the ongoing conflict in Ukraine; (4) changes in the sales prices, product mix or levels of consumer purchases of small electric and specialty housewares appliances, (5) changes in consumer retail and credit markets, including the increasing volume of transactions made through third-party internet sellers, (6) bankruptcy of or loss of major retail customers or suppliers, (7) changes in costs, including transportation costs, of sourced products, (8) delays in delivery of sourced products, (9) changes in or unavailability of quality or cost effective suppliers, (10) exchange rate fluctuations, changes in the import tariffs and monetary policies and other changes in the regulatory climate in the countries in which the Company operates or buys and/or sells products, (11) the impact of tariffs on customer purchasing patterns, (12) product liability, regulatory actions or other litigation, warranty claims or returns of products, (13) customer acceptance of, changes in costs of, or delays in the development of new products, (14) increased competition, including consolidation within the industry, (15) shifts in consumer shopping patterns, gasoline prices, weather conditions, the level of consumer confidence and disposable income as a result of economic conditions, unemployment rates or other events or conditions that may adversely affect the level of customer purchases of HBB products, (16) changes mandated by federal, state and other regulation, including tax, health, safety or environmental legislation, and (17) other risk factors, including those described in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, but not limited to, the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. Furthermore, the future impact of unfavorable economic conditions, including inflation, rising interest rates, availability of capital markets, consumer spending rates, negative impacts resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and its downstream impacts and the ongoing conflict in Ukraine remain uncertain. In uncertain economic environments, the Company cannot predict whether or when such circumstances may improve or worsen, or what impact, if any, such circumstances could have on its business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position. 

21 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 INTEREST RATE RISK 
 
 HBB enters into certain financing arrangements that require interest payments based on floating interest rates. As such, the Company's financial results are subject to changes in the market rate of interest. There is an inherent rollover risk for borrowings as they mature and are renewed at current market rates. The extent of this risk is not quantifiable or predictable because of the variability of future interest rates and business financing requirements. To reduce the exposure to changes in the market rate of interest, HBB has entered into interest rate swap agreements for a portion of its floating rate financing arrangements. The Company does not enter into interest rate swap agreements for trading purposes. Terms of the interest rate swap agreements require HBB to receive a variable interest rate and pay a fixed interest rate. 
 
 For purposes of risk analysis, the Company uses sensitivity analysis to measure the potential loss in fair value of financial instruments sensitive to changes in interest rates. The Company assumes that a loss in fair value is an increase to its liabilities. The fair value of the Company's interest rate swap agreements was a receivable of 5.4 million at December 31, 2022. A hypothetical 10 relative decrease in interest rates would cause a decrease of 0.3 million in the fair value of interest rate swap agreements and the resulting fair value would be a receivable of 5.1 million. Additionally, a hypothetical 10 relative increase in interest rates would cause an increase of 0.3 million in the fair value of interest rate swap agreements and the resulting fair value would be a receivable of 5.7 million. Neither would have a material impact to the Company's interest expense, net of 4.6 million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE RISK 
 
 HBB operates internationally and enters into transactions denominated in foreign currencies, principally the Canadian dollar, the Mexican peso and, to a lesser extent, the Chinese yuan and Brazilian real. As such, HBB's financial results are subject to the variability that arises from exchange rate movements. The fluctuation in the value of the U.S. dollar against other currencies affects the reported amounts of revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities. The potential impact of currency fluctuation increases as international expansion increases. 
 
 HBB uses forward foreign currency exchange contracts to partially reduce risks related to transactions denominated in foreign currencies and not for trading purposes. These contracts generally mature within twelve months and require HBB to buy or sell the functional currency in which the applicable subsidiary operates and buy or sell U.S. dollars at rates agreed to at the inception of the contracts. 
 
 For purposes of risk analysis, the Company uses sensitivity analysis to measure the potential loss in fair value of financial instruments sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company assumes that a loss in fair value is either a decrease to its assets or an increase to its liabilities. The fair value of the Company's foreign currency exchange contracts was a net receivable of 0.1 million at December 31, 2022. Assuming a hypothetical 10 weakening of the U.S. dollar at December 31, 2022, the fair value of foreign currency-sensitive financial instruments, which represents forward foreign currency exchange contracts, would be decreased by 1.2 million compared with its fair value at December 31, 2022. 

Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 The information required by this Item 8 is set forth in the Financial Statements and Supplementary Data contained in Part IV of this Form 10-K and is hereby incorporated herein by reference to such information. 

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 There were no disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure for the two-year period ended December 31, 2022 that would require disclosure pursuant to this Item 9. 

22 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9A . CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures: As required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b), our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Principal Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting: Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Interim Principal Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework). Based on this evaluation, management concluded that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The Company's effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report, which is included in Item 15 of this Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting: There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting identified during the fourth quarter of 2022, in connection with the evaluation by the Company s management required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B . OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Information with respect to Directors of the Company will be set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the subheadings Part II Proposals To Be Voted On At The 2023 Annual Meeting Proposal 1 Election of Directors Director Nominee Information, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Information with respect to the audit review committee and the audit review committee financial expert will be set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the subheadings Part I Corporate Governance Information Board Committees, and Part I Corporate Governance Information Description of Committees, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Information with respect to compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by the Company's Directors, executive officers and holders of more than ten percent of the Company's equity securities will be set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the subheading Part IV Other Important Information Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Information regarding the executive officers of the Company is included in this Form 10-K under the subheading Information about our Executive Officers of Part I. 
 
 The Company has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics applicable to all Company personnel, including the principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or other persons performing similar functions. The code of business conduct and ethics, entitled the Code of Corporate Conduct, is posted on the Company's website at www.hamiltonbeachbrands.com/investors/corporate-governance .If we make any amendments to, or grant any waiver from, the code that are required to be disclosed pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we will make such disclosure on our website. 

23 

Table of Contents 

 Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Information with respect to executive compensation will be set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the headings Part III Executive Compensation Information which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED 
 STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Information with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management will be set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the subheading Part IV Other Important Information Beneficial Ownership of Class A Common and Class B Common, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Information with respect to certain relationships and related transactions will be set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the subheadings Part I Corporate Governance Information Review and Approval of Related Person Transactions, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Information with respect to principal accountant fees and services will be set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the heading Part II Proposals To Be Voted On At The 2023 Annual Meeting Proposal 4 Ratification of the Appointment of Ernst Young LLP as the Company's Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2023, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

PART IV 

Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a)(1) Documents that are filed as part of this report 
 The response to Item 15(a)(1) is set forth beginning at page F-1 of this Form 10-K. 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 The response to Item 15(a)(2) is set forth beginning at page F-36 of this Form 10-K. 
 (a)(3) and (b) Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K 
 
 The response to Item 15(a)(3) and (b) is set forth as follows: 
 
 (3) Articles of Incorporation and By-laws. 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company Registration Statement on Form 8-A, filed by Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company on September 22, 2017, Commission File Number 000-55845). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company Registration Statement on Form 8-A, filed by Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company on September 22, 2017, Commission File Number 000-55845). 
 
 (4) Instruments defining the rights of security holders, including indentures. 
 4.1 Specimen of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company Class A Common Stock certificate, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Amendment No. 2 of the Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company s S-1 Registration Statement filed on September 18, 2017. 
 4.2 Specimen of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company Class B Common Stock certificate, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Amendment No. 2 of the Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company s S-1 Registration Statement filed on September 18, 2017. 
 4.3 Description of Registrant's Securities is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.3. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

(10) Material Contracts. 
 10.1 Stockholders' Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2017, among Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company, the other signatories thereto and Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company, as depository, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 4, 2017. 
 10.2 Amendment to Stockholder's Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2020, among the depository, Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company, the new Participating Stockholder signatories thereto and the Participating Stockholders is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K/A, filed on July 24, 2020. 
 10.3 Amendment to Stockholders Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2020, by and between the Depository, the Issuer, the new Participating Stockholders and the Participating Stockholders is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19 to the Participating Stockholders Schedule 13D/A, filed by the Participating Stockholders on February 12, 2021, Commission File Number 005-90132. 
 10.4 Amendment to Stockholders' Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2022, by and among the Depository, Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company, the new Participating Stockholder signatories thereto and the Participating Stockholders is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 18 to the Participating Stockholders Schedule 13D/A, filed by the Participating Stockholders on February 11, 2022, Commission File Number 005-90132. 
 10.5 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, Wells Fargo Capital Finance, LLC, as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Lead Book runner , the Lenders that are Parties thereto as the Lenders, Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc. (as US Borrower), and Hamilton Beach Brands Canada, Inc. (as Canadian Borrower), as Borrowers, dated as of May 31, 2012 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to NACCO Industries, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by NACCO Industries, Inc. on June 6, 2012, Commission File Number 1-9172. 
 10.6 Amended and Restated Guaranty and Security Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2012, among Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc. and Hamilton Beach, Inc., as Grantors, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the NACCO Industries, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by NACCO Industries, Inc. on June 6, 2012, Commission File Number 1-9172. 
 10.7 Amended and Restated Canadian Guarantee and Security Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2012, among Hamilton Beach Brands Canada, Inc., as Grantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the NACCO Industries, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by NACCO Industries, Inc. on June 6, 2012, Commission File Number 1-9172. 
 10.8 Amendment No.1 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, the Lenders that are Parties Hereto as the Lenders, Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc. (as US Borrower), and Hamilton Beach Brands Canada, Inc. (as Canadian Borrower), as Borrowers, dated as of July 29, 2014 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the NACCO Industries, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed by NACCO Industries, Inc. on July 30, 2014, Commission File Number 1-9172. 
 10.9 Amendment No.2 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, the Lenders that are Parties Hereto as the Lenders, Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc. (as US Borrower), and Hamilton Beach Brands Canada, Inc. (as Canadian Borrower), as Borrowers, dated as of November 20, 2014 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.66 to NACCO Industries, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014, Commission File Number 1-9172. 
 10.10 Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, the Lenders that are Parties Hereto as the Lenders, Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc. (as Parent), and Weston Brands, LLC (as Weston) (collectively referred to as US Borrowers), and Hamilton Beach Brands Canada, Inc. (as Canadian Borrower), dated December 23, 2015 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.72 to the NACCO Industries, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, Commission File 1-9172. 
 10.11 Amendment No. 4 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, the Lenders that are Parties Hereto as the Lenders, Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc. (as Parent), and Weston Brands, LLC (as Weston) (collectively referred to as US Borrowers), and Hamilton Beach Brands Canada, Inc. (as Canadian Borrower), dated June 30, 2016 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to NACCO Industries, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, file by NACCO Industries, Inc. on August 2, 2016, Commission File Number I-9172. 
 10.12 Amendment No. 5 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, the Lenders that are Parties Hereto as the Lenders, Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc. (as Parent), and Weston Brands, LLC (as Weston) (collectively referred to as US Borrowers), and Hamilton Beach Brands Canada, Inc. (as Canadian Borrower), dated September 13, 2017, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 of Amendment No. 2 of the Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company s S-1 Registration Statement filed on September 18, 2017. 
 10.13 Amendment No. 6 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, the Lenders that are Parties Hereto as the Lenders, Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc., as Parent, and Weston Brands, LLC, as US Borrowers, and Hamilton Beach Brands Canada, Inc., as Canadian Borrower, dated May 14, 2018, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 1, 2018. 
 10.14 Amendment No. 7 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, the Lenders that are Parties Hereto as the Lenders, Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc. (as US Borrower), and Hamilton Beach Brands Canada, Inc. (as Canadian Borrower), as Borrowers, dated as of May 15, 2020, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on July 24, 2020. 
 10.15 Amendment No. 8 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, the Lenders that are Parties Hereto as the Lenders, Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc., as Parent and U.S. Borrower, and Hamilton Beach Brands Canada, Inc., as Canadian Borrower, dated November 23, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 22, 2021. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 10.16 Amendment No. 9 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, the Lenders that are Parties Hereto as the Lenders, Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc., as Parent and U.S. Borrower, and Hamilton Beach Brands Canada, Inc., as Canadian Borrower, dated April 9, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 5, 2021. 
 10.17 Amendment No. 10 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, the Lenders that are Parties thereto as the Lenders, Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc., as U.S. Borrower, and Hamilton Beach Brands Canada, Inc., as Canadian Borrower, dated September 17, 2021 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on November 3, 2021. 
 10.18 Amendment No. 11 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, the Lenders that are Parties thereto as the Lenders, Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc., as U.S. Borrower, and Hamilton Beach Brands Canada, Inc., as Canadian Borrower, dated June 28, 2022 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 3, 2022. 
 10.19 Amendment No. 12 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, the Lenders that are Parties thereto as the Lenders, Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc., as U.S. Borrower, and Hamilton Beach Brands Canada, Inc., as Canadian Borrower, dated August 15, 2022 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 18, 2022. 
 10.20 Consent regarding the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, the Lenders that are Parties thereto as the Lenders, Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc., as U.S. Borrower, and Hamilton Beach Brands Canada, Inc., as Canadian Borrower, dated November 15, 2022 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 15, 2022. 
 10.21 The Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc. Annual Incentive Compensation Plan (Effective January 1, 2014) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the NACCO Industries, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by NACCO Industries, Inc. on May 9, 2014, Commission File Number 1-9172). 
 10.22 Amendment No. 1 The Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc. Annual Incentive Compensation Plan (Effective January 1, 2014), is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 of Amendment No. 2 of the Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company s S-1 Registration Statement filed on September 18, 2017. 
 10.23 Amendment No. 2 to the Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc. Annual Incentive Compensation Plan, dated as of March 1, 2014, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on October 30, 2018. 
 10.24 Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (Amended and Restated Effective March 1, 2015) is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to NACCO Industries, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by NACCO Industries, Inc. on May 18, 2015, Commission File Number 1-9172. 
 10.25 Amendment No. 1 to Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (Amended and Restated Effective March 1, 2015), is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 of Amendment No. 2 of the Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company s S-1 Registration Statement filed on September 18, 2017. 
 10.26 Amendment No. 2 to the Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan, dated as of March 1, 2015, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on October 30, 2018. 
 10.27 Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company Executive Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan (Effective September 29, 2017), is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 of Amendment No. 2 of the Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company s S-1 Registration Statement filed on September 18, 2017. 
 10.28 Form of Cashless Exercise Award Agreement for the Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company Executive Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 of Amendment No. 2 of the Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company s S-1 Registration Statement filed on September 18, 2017. 
 10.29 Form of Non-Cashless Exercise Award Agreement for the Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company Executive Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 of Amendment No. 2 of the Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company s S-1 Registration Statement filed on September 18, 2017. 
 10.30 Amendment No. 1 to the Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company Executive Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan, dated as of September 29, 2017, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on October 30, 2018. 
 10.31 Amended and Restated Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company Executive Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan, dated as of March 1, 2020, is incorporated by reference to Appendix A of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company's Proxy Statement, filed on March 26, 2020. 
 10.32 Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company Executive Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan, amended and restated effective March 1, 2022 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-265031) filed on May 18, 2022. 
 10.33 Form of Cashless Exercise Award Agreement for the Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company Executive Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 5, 2021. 
 10.34 Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company Supplemental Executive Long-Term Incentive Bonus Plan (Effective September 29, 2017), is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 of Amendment No. 2 of the Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company s S-1 Registration Statement filed on September 18, 2017. 
 10.35 Form of Award Agreement for the Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company Supplemental Executive Long-Term Incentive Bonus Plan, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 of Amendment No. 2 of the Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company s S-1 Registration Statement filed on September 18, 2017. 
 10.36 Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company Non-Employee Director s Equity Compensation Plan (Effective September 29, 2017), is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 of Amendment No. 2 of the Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company s S-1 Registration Statement filed on September 18, 2017. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 10.37 Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company Non-Employee Directors Equity Compensation Plan (Amended and Restated Effective May 18, 2021 , incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 4, 2021. 
 10.38 The Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc. Excess Retirement Plan (As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2015) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.71 to the NACCO Industries, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014, Commission File Number 1-9172). 
 10.39 Amendment No.1 to The Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc. Excess Retirement Plan (As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2015) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.77 to the NACCO Industries, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, Commission File Number 1-9172). 
 10.40 Amendment No.2 to The Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc. Excess Retirement Plan (As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2015), is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 of Amendment No. 2 of the Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company s S-1 Registration Statement filed on September 18, 2017. 
 10.41 Consulting Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2018 between Alfred M. Rankin, Jr. and Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company, effective January 1, 2019, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 28, 2018. 

(21) Subsidiaries of the registrant. 
 21.1 A list of the subsidiaries of the Company is attached hereto as Exhibit 21. 

(23) Consents of experts and counsel. 
 23.1 Consents of experts and counsel. 

(31) Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications. 
 31(i)(1) Certification of Gregory H. Trepp pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act is attached hereto as Exhibit 31(i)(1). 
 31(i)(2) Certification of Linda Woermer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act is attached hereto as Exhibit 31(i)(2). 
 
 (32) Certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, signed and dated by Gregory H. Trepp and Linda Woermer 
 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Management contract or compensation plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit pursuant to Item 15(b) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company (Registrant) Signature Title Date By: /s/ Gregory H. Trepp President and Chief Executive Officer, Director March 9, 2023 Gregory H. Trepp 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned director of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company hereby appoints Gregory H. Trepp as the true and lawful attorney or attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and revocation, for the undersigned and in the name, place and stead of the undersigned, to sign on behalf of the undersigned as director of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company, a Delaware corporation, any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting to said attorney or attorney-in-fact full power and authority to do so and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney or attorney-in-fact substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Gregory H. Trepp Gregory H. Trepp President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), Director March 9, 2023 /s/ Linda Woermer Linda Woermer Senior Director, Controller of Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc. (Interim Principal Financial Officer)/(Interim Principal Accounting Officer) March 9, 2023 /s/ Mark R. Belgya Mark R. Belgya Director March 9, 2023 /s/ J.C. Butler, Jr. J.C. Butler, Jr. Director March 9, 2023 /s/ Paul D. Furlow Paul D. Furlow Director March 9, 2023 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Signature Title Date /s/ John P. Jumper John P. Jumper Director March 9, 2023 /s/ Dennis W. LaBarre Dennis W. LaBarre Director March 9, 2023 /s/ Michael S. Miller Michael S. Miller Director March 9, 2023 /s/ Alfred M. Rankin, Jr. Alfred M. Rankin, Jr. Director March 9, 2023 /s/ Thomas T. Rankin Thomas T. Rankin Director March 9, 2023 /s/ James A. Ratner James A. Ratner Director March 9, 2023 /s/ Clara R. Williams Clara R. Williams Director March 9, 2023 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 ITEM 8, ITEM 15(a)(1) AND (2) 
 LIST OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 
 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 GLEN ALLEN, VIRGINIA 
 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

 FORM 10-K 
 ITEM 15(a)(1) AND (2) 
 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 LIST OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 
 The following consolidated financial statements of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company are incorporated by reference in Item 8: 
 Reports of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F- 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 F- 10 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 11 
 
 The following consolidated financial statement schedule of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company is included in Item 15(a)(2): 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 
 All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulation of the SEC are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable, or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements, and therefore have been omitted. 
 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows and equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and Financial Statement Schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated March 9, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Adoption of ASU No. 2016-02 
 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for leases in 2022 due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), and the related amendments. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 Valuation of customer price concession accrual Description of the matter As described in Notes 1 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company offers price concessions to certain of its customers, which results in variable consideration. The Company recognizes a reduction to revenue and a corresponding accrual for price concessions as the related products are sold based on the estimated amount of customer sales incentives to be deducted by trade customers. This estimate is made by applying either the expected value method or most likely amount method according to which method would provide the better prediction. Auditing the valuation of the customer price concession accrual was complex and involved especially challenging judgment because the calculation involves subjective management assumptions about estimates of expected price concessions. For example, the adjustment to the customer price concession accrual reflects management's assumptions about future deductions to be taken by customers which is subjective in nature as it relies upon retrospective analysis of price concessions claimed by customers and management s knowledge of its customer base, and changes in those assumptions can have a material effect on the customer price concession accrual. How we addressed the matter in our audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the Company s controls that address the risk of material misstatement relating to the valuation of the customer price concession accrual. For example, we tested controls over management s review of adjustments to the customer price concession accrual, as well as their review of significant assumptions such as the amount of future deductions to be taken by customers. We also tested controls over the completeness and accuracy of data underlying the accrual including the validation of third-party sales data. Our audit procedures included, among others, testing a sample of the underlying data used by management in development of the customer price concession accrual, testing a sample of credit memos issued subsequent to year-end, evaluated the significant assumptions made by management by performing a hindsight analysis, and performing inquiries of executives within the Company responsible for the respective customer relationships. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

March 9, 2023 

F-4 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated March 9, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Cleveland, Ohio 
 March 9, 2023 

F-5 

Table of Contents 

 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands, except per share data) Revenue Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Amortization of intangible assets Operating profit (loss) Interest expense, net Other expense (income), net ) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes Income tax expense (benefit) Net income (loss) from continuing operations Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax Net income (loss) Basic earnings (loss) per share: Continuing operations Discontinued operations Basic earnings (loss) per share Diluted earnings (loss) per share: Continuing operations Discontinued operations Diluted earnings (loss) per share Basic weighted average shares outstanding Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Gain (loss) on long-term intra-entity foreign currency transactions ) ) Cash flow hedging activity ) Reclassification of foreign currency adjustments into earnings Reclassification of hedging activities into earnings ) Pension plan adjustment ) Reclassification of pension adjustments into earnings Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive income (loss) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31 2022 2021 (In thousands) Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Trade receivables, net Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Right-of-use lease assets Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets Deferred costs Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders' equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued compensation Accrued product returns Lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Revolving credit agreements Lease liabilities, non-current Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders equity Preferred stock, par value per share 
 Class A Common stock, par value per share; and shares issued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Class B Common stock, par value per share, convertible into Class A on a -for- basis; and shares issued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Capital in excess of par value Treasury stock ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Operating activities Net income (loss) from continuing operations Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) from continuing operations to net cash provided by (used for) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes ) Stock compensation expense Brazil foreign currency loss Other ) Net changes in operating assets and liabilities: Affiliate payable ) Trade receivables ) Inventory ) ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided (used for) by operating activities from continuing operations ) ) Investing activities Expenditures for property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Other ) Net cash (used for) provided by investing activities from continuing operations ) ) ) Financing activities Net additions (reductions) to revolving credit agreements ) Purchase of treasury stock ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Financing fees paid ) ) ) Other financing ) Net cash (used for) provided by financing activities from continuing operations ) Cash flows from discontinued operations Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities from discontinued operations ) Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities from discontinued operations Cash (used for) provided by discontinued operations ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Increase (decrease) for the period from continuing operations ) ) Increase (decrease) for the year from discontinued operations ) Balance at the beginning of the year Balance at the end of the year Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash included in prepaid expenses and other current assets Restricted cash included in other non-current assets Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 

 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Capital in Excess of Par Value Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders' Equity (In thousands, except per share data) Balance, January 1, 2020 ) ) Net income (loss) Issuance of common stock, net of conversions ) Stock compensation expense Cash dividends, per share 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Reclassification adjustment to net income Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income (loss) Issuance of common stock, net of conversions ) ) Stock compensation expense Cash dividends, per share 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Reclassification adjustment to net income (loss) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income (loss) Issuance of common stock, net of conversions ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Stock compensation expense Cash dividends, per share 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Reclassification adjustment to net income (loss) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

NOTE 1 - 
 
 share of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company Class A common stock ("Class A Common") and share of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company Class B common stock ("Class B Common") for each share of NACCO Class A or Class B common stock. In accordance with applicable authoritative accounting guidance, the Company accounted for the spin-off from NACCO based on the historical carrying value of assets and liabilities. NACCO did not receive any proceeds from the spin-off. 
 
 Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation 

reportable segment, all required financial segment information can be found in the consolidated financial statements. 

F-11 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, receivables from HBB s five largest customers represented and , respectively, of HBB's net trade receivables. HBB s significant credit concentration is uncollateralized; however, historically, minimal credit losses have been incurred. 
 
 million, million , and million of trade receivables during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The losses incurred on sold receivables in the consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were not material. The Company does not carry any servicing assets or liabilities. Cash proceeds from this arrangement are reflected as operating activities. 

million of accumulated other comprehensive losses were released into other expense (income), net in the consolidated results of operations during the three months ended March 31, 2022. 

F-12 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

years, and for machinery, equipment and furniture and fixtures range from three to . Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful life or the term of the lease. The units-of-production method is used to amortize certain tooling for sourced products. Costs incurred to develop software for internal use are capitalized and amortized over the estimated useful life of the software. Gains or losses from the sale of assets are included in selling, general and administrative expenses. Repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. Interest is capitalized for qualifying long-term capital asset projects as a part of the historical cost of acquiring the asset. 

impairment has been recognized for identifiable intangible assets or goodwill for any period presented. 
 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

These costs, included in selling, general and administrative expenses, amounted to million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

F-14 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

from the award date or at the earliest of (i) after the participant's retirement date, or (ii) the participant's death or permanent disability. The Company issued , , and shares of Class A Common in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. After the issuance of these shares, there were shares of Class A Common available for issuance under this plan. Stock compensation expense related to the Executive Plan was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and was based on the fair value of Class A Common on the grant date. 

F-15 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

for the Chairman of the non-employee director's annual retainer of for the Chairman) wa s paid in transfer-restricted shares of Class A Common. For the year ended December 31, 2021, for the Chairman) of the non-employee director's annual retainer of for the Chairman) was paid in transfer-restricted shares of Class A Common. Shares awarded under the plan are fully vested and entitle the stockholder to all rights of common stock ownership exce pt that shares may not be assigned, pledged or otherwise transferred during the restriction period. In general, the transfer restriction period ends at the earliest of (i) after the Quarter Date with respect to which such Required Shares were issued or transferred, (ii) the date of the director's death or date the director terminates service as a director due to permanent disability, (ii i) (or earlier with the approval of the Board of Directors) after the director's date of retirement from the Board of Directors, or (iv) the date the director has both retired from the Board of Directors and has reached age 7 0. Pursuant to this plan, the Company issued , , and shares in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. I n addition to the mandatory retainer fee received in transfer-restricted stock, directors may elect to receive shares of Class A Common in lieu of cash for up to of the balance of their ann ual retainer, committee retainer and any committee chairman's fees. These voluntary shares are not subject to any restrictions. There were shares issued under voluntary elections in 2022. Total shares issued under voluntary elections were and in 2021 and 2020, respectively. After the issuance of these shares, there were shares of Class A Common available for issuance under this plan. Stock compensation expense related to these awards was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Stock compensation expense represents fair value based on the market price of the shares of Class A Common on the grant date. 

F-16 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

Insurance Recovery 
 
 In the first quarter of 2022, the Company recognized million of insurance recovery associated with unauthorized transactions by former employees at our Mexican subsidiaries, which were identified in the quarter ended March 31, 2020. The Company maintains fidelity insurance and filed a claim to recover losses incurred up to the policy maximum of million. The insurance recovery was received during the second quarter of 2022, and the benefit was recognized as a reduction to selling, general and administrative expenses in our Consolidated Statement of Operations during the first quarter of 2022. 
 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

million of right-of-use lease assets and million of lease liabilities within the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The adoption of the standard did not have a material impact to the Consolidated Statements of Operations or Cash Flows. 
 
 In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. The new accounting rules reduce complexity by removing specific exceptions to general principles related to intraperiod tax allocations, ownership changes in foreign investments, and interim period income tax accounting for year-to-date losses that exceed anticipated losses. The new accounting rules also simplify accounting for franchise taxes that are partially based on income, transactions with a government that result in a step up in the tax basis of goodwill, separate financial statements of legal entities that are not subject to tax, and enacted changes in tax laws in interim periods. The Company adopted ASU 2019-12 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and the adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326)," which requires an entity to recognize credit losses as an allowance rather than as a write-down. For nonpublic entities and smaller reporting companies, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is planning to adopt ASU 2016-13 for its year beginning January 1, 2023 and subsequent interim periods. Although the assessment is ongoing, the Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

NOTE 2 - 

Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Adjustment of lease termination liability (1) 
 ) Adjustment of other current liabilities (2) 
 ) Operating profit (loss) Interest expense Other expense, net Income (loss) from discontinued operations before income taxes Income tax expense (benefit) Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax 
 (1) For the year ended December 31, 2020, represents an adjustment to the lease termination obligation based on the final distribution of KC's remaining assets on April 3, 2020. 
 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

NOTE 3 - 
 
 Furniture and fixtures Building and improvements Machinery and equipment Internal-use capitalized software Construction in progress, including internal-use capitalized software not yet in service Property, plant and equipment, at cost Less allowances for depreciation and amortization 

NOTE 4 - 
 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Trademarks ) ) 
 
 Amortization expense for intangible assets was million i n 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Expected annual amortization expense of intangible assets for the next five years is million. The remaining useful life of the trademark intangible asset is approximately years. 

F-19 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

NOTE 5 - 
 
 Total outstanding borrowings Total available borrowings, net of limitations, under revolving credit agreements Unused available borrowings Weighted average stated interest rate on total borrowings Weighted average effective interest rate on total borrowings (including interest rate swap agreements) 
 
 Including swap settlements, interest paid on total debt was million, million, and million during 2022 , 2021 , and 2020, respectively. Interest capitalized was material in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 HBB has a million senior secured floating-rate revolving credit facility (the HBB Facility that expires in June 2025. Repayment of the credit facility is due on June 30, 2025, therefore all borrowings are classified as long-term debt as of December 31, 2022. The obligations under the HBB Facility are secured by substantially all of HBB's assets. The HBB Facility also requires HBB to achieve a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio in certain circumstances, as defined in the HBB Facility. As of December 31, 2022, HBB was in compliance with all financial covenants in the HBB Facility. 
 
 The maximum availability under the HBB Facility is governed by a borrowing base derived from advance rates against eligible trade receivables, inven tory and trademarks of the borrowers, as defined in the HBB Facility. Borrowings bear interest at a floating rate, which can be a base rate, SOFR, or bankers' acceptance rate, as defined in the HBB Facility, plus an applicable margin. The applicable margins, effective December 31, 2022, for base rate loans and SOFR loans denominated in U.S. dollars were and , respectively. The applicable margins, effective December 31, 2022, for base rate loans and bankers' acceptance loans denominated in Canadian dollars were and , respectively. The HBB Facility also requires a fee of per annum on the unused commitment. The margins and unused commitment fee under the HBB Facility are subject to quarterly adjustment based on average excess availability. 
 
 To reduce the exposure to changes in the market rate of interest, HBB has entered into interest rate swap agreements for a portion of the HBB Facility. Terms of the interest rate swap agreements require HBB to receive a variable interest rate and pay a fixed interest rate. HBB has interest rate swaps with notional values totaling million at December 31, 2022 at an average fixed interest rate of . HBB also entered into delayed-start interest rate swaps during 2021. These swaps have notional values totaling million as of December 31, 2022, with an average fixed interest rate of . 
 
 million during any calendar year to the extent that for the prior to the dividend payment date, and after giving effect to the dividend payment, HBB maintains excess availability of not less than million. Dividends to Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company are discretionary to the extent that for the prior to the dividend payment date, and after giving effect to the dividend payment, HBB maintains excess availability of not less than million. 

F-20 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

NOTE 6 - 
 
 million of assets held for sale during the year ended December 31, 2020. These assets were transferred out of Level 3 during the year ended December 31, 2021. There were transfers into or out of Level 3 during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

NOTE 7 - 
 
 million and million at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, denominated primarily in Canadian dollars and Mexican pesos. The fair value of these contracts approximated a receivable of million at December 31, 2022 and a receivable of less than million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Forward foreign currency exchange contracts that qualify for hedge accounting are used to hedge transactions expected to occur within the next twelve months. The mark-to-market effect of forward foreign currency exchange contracts that are considered effective as hedges has been included in AOCI. 
 
 Interest Rate Derivatives 
 
 HBB has interest rate swaps that hedge interest payments on its one-month SOFR borrowings. All swaps have been designated as cash flow hedges. 
 
 Extending to January 2024 Delayed start interest rate swaps Extending to January 2029 
 The fair value of HBB's interest rate swap agreements was a receivable of million at December 31, 2022 and a payable of million at December 31, 2021. The mark-to-market effect of interest rate swap agreements that are considered effective as hedges has been included in AOCI. The interest rate swap agreements held by HBB on December 31, 2022 are expected to continue to be effective as hedges. 

F-21 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

Other current liabilities Long-term Other non-current assets Other long-term liabilities Foreign currency exchange contracts Current Prepaid expenses and other current assets Other current liabilities Total derivatives 

NOTE 8 - 
 
 to years, some of which include options to extend the leases for up to 5 years. The renewal option is included in the lease term if it is concluded that it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. 
 
 The assets associated with the Company s operating leases primarily consist of real estate and equipment. Real estate leases are comprised of warehouses, corporate headquarters and sales offices. Equipment leases include office and warehouse equipment as well as Company specific tooling used by third-party suppliers in the production process. Payments under these lease arrangements may be fixed or variable. 
 
 Lease costs associated with fixed payments on the Company s operating leases were million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Variable lease costs, which are primarily related to production specific tooling assets provided by third-party suppliers, are included in product purchases which consisted of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Short-term lease costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 were million. 
 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations non-cash activity 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: impact of discounting Present value of lease payments 
 
 The weighted average remaining lease term and discount rate related to the Company s lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022 is years and respectively. The discount rates used to present value the operating lease liabilities are based on estimates of the Company s incremental borrowing rate. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any additional material operating or finance leases that had not yet commenced. 
 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Subsequent to 2026 
 Total minimum lease payments 
 
 Rental expense from continuing operations net of sublease rental income for all operating leases was million in 2021 and million in 2020. 

NOTE 9 - 

F-23 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

vote on all matters submitted to stockholders, and each share of the Company's Class B Common will entitle the holder of the share to votes on all such matters. Subject to the rights of the preferred stockholders, each share of Class A Common and Class B Common will be equal in respect of rights to dividends, except that in the case of dividends payable in stock, only Class A Common will be distributed with respect to Class A Common and only Class B Common will be distributed with respect to Class B Common. As the liquidation and dividend rights are identical, any distribution of earnings would be allocated to Class A and Class B stockholders on a proportionate basis, and accordingly the net income per share for each class of common stock is identical. 
 
 per share 
 Preferred stock authorized Preferred stock outstanding Class A Common stock, par value per share 
 Class A Common authorized Class A Common issued (1)(2) 
 Treasury Stock Class B Common stock, par value per share, convertible into Class A on a -for- basis 
 Class B Common authorized Class B Common issued (1) 
 
 (1) Class B Common converted to Class A Common were shares during 2022 and shares 2021. 
 (2) The Company issued Class A Common of during 2022 and during 2021 related to the Company's stock compensation plan. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 
 In February 2022, the Company's Board approved a stock repurchase program for the purchase of up to million of the Company's Class A Common outstanding starting February 22, 2022 and ending December 31, 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased shares for an aggregate purchase price of million. There were share repurchases during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Reclassification adjustment to net income (loss) ) Tax effects ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Reclassification adjustment to net income (loss) Tax effects ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Reclassification adjustment to net income (loss) Tax effects ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 
 Earnings per share 
 
 Dilutive effect of share-based compensation awards Diluted weighted average shares outstanding Basic earnings (loss) per share: Continuing operations Discontinued operations Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share Diluted earnings (loss) per share: Continuing operations Discontinued operations Diluted earnings (loss) per share 
 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

NOTE 10 - 
 
 for electric appliances, with the majority of products having a warranty of one to . There is no guarantee to the customer as HBB may repair or replace, at its option, those products returned under warranty. Accordingly, the Company determined that no separate performance obligation exists. 
 
 HBB products are not sold with a general right of return. However, based on historical experience, a portion of products sold are estimated to be returned due to reasons such as product failure and excess inventory stocked by the customer, which, subject to certain terms and conditions, HBB will agree to accept. Product returns, customer programs and incentive offerings, including special pricing agreements, price competition, promotions, and other volume-based incentives are accounted for as variable consideration. 
 
 A description of revenue sources and performance obligations for HBB are as follows: 
 
 Consumer and Commercial product revenue 
 Transactions with both consumer and commercial customers generally originate upon the receipt of a purchase order from the customer, which in some cases are governed by master sales agreements, specifying product(s) that the customer desires. Contracts for product revenue have an original duration of one year or less, and payment terms are generally standard and based on customer creditworthiness. Revenue from product sales is recognized at the point in time when control transfers to the customer, which is either when a product is shipped from the Company's facility, or delivered to customers, depending on the shipping terms. The amount of revenue recognized varies primarily with price concessions and changes in returns. The Company offers price concessions to our customers for incentive offerings, special pricing agreements, price competition, promotions or other volume-based arrangements. The Company evaluated such agreements with our customers and determined returns and price concessions should be accounted for as variable consideration. 
 
 Consumer product revenue consists of sales of small electric household and specialty housewares appliances to traditional brick and mortar and ecommerce retailers, distributors and directly to the end consumer. A majority of this revenue is in North America. 
 
 Commercial product revenue consists of sales of products for restaurants, fast-food chains, bars and hotels. Approximately one-half of our commercial sales is in the U.S. and the other half is in markets across the globe. 
 
 License revenue 
 From time to time, the Company enters into exclusive and non-exclusive licensing agreements which grant the right to use certain of HBB s intellectual property ("IP") in connection with designing, manufacturing, distributing, advertising, promoting and selling the licensees products during the term of the agreement. The IP that is licensed generally consists of trademarks, trade names, patents, trade dress, logos and/or products (the Licensed IP ). In exchange for granting the right to use the Licensed IP, HBB receives a royalty payment, which is a function of (1) the total net sales of products that use the Licensed IP and (2) the royalty percentage that is stated in the licensing agreement. HBB recognizes revenue at the later of when the subsequent sales occur or satisfying the performance obligation (over time). 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

Commercial products Licensing Total revenues 
 
 Walmart Inc. and its global subsidiaries accounted for approximately , , and of HBB s revenue in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Amazon.com, Inc. and its subsidiaries accounted for approximately , , and of HBB's revenue in 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. HBB s five largest customers accounted for approximately , , and of HBB s revenue in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

NOTE 11 - 

F-27 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

million and million respectively, for environmental investigation and remediation activities. The decrease in the amount accrued at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 is due to a change in the expected type and extent of investigation and remediation activities associated with one of the sites. HBB estimates that it is reasonably possible that it may incur additional expenses in the range of to million related to the environmental investigation and remediation at these sites. As of December 31, 2022, HBB has million, classified as restricted cash, associated with reimbursement of environmental investigation and remediation costs from a responsible party in exchange for release from all future obligations for one site. Additionally, HBB has a million asset associated with the reimbursement of costs associated with two sites. 

NOTE 12 - 
 
 Foreign ) Income tax expense (benefit) within continuing operations Current income tax expense (benefit): Federal State Foreign ) Total current Deferred income tax expense (benefit): Federal ) ) State ) ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred ) 
 The Company made million and million federal income tax payments during 2022 and 2021, respectively, to the IRS. federal income tax payments were made during 2020. The Company made foreign and state income tax payments of million, million, and million during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Income tax refunds totaled million in 2022 and million in 2020. income tax refunds were received in 2021. 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

Statutory taxes at 
 State and local income taxes Valuation allowances Other non-deductible expenses Credits ) ) ) ) ) ) Effect of foreign operations ) ) ) ) Loss on Kitchen Collection dissolution Unrecognized tax benefits ) ) Other, net ) ) ) ) Income tax provision 
 
 Inventory Accrued expenses and reserves Other employee benefits Other Total deferred tax assets Less: Valuation allowances ) ) Deferred tax liabilities Inventory Accrued pension benefits Depreciation and amortization Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax asset 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, HBB maintained valuation allowances with respect to certain deferred tax assets relating primarily to operating losses in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions that HBB believes are not likely to be realized. 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

2023 - Indefinite 
 
 December 31, 2021 Net deferred tax asset Valuation allowance Carryforwards expire during: Non-U.S. net operating loss 2022 - Indefinite 
 Based upon the review of historical earnings and the relevant expiration of carryforwards, the Company believes the valuation allowances are appropriate and does not expect to release valuation allowances within the next twelve months that would have a significant effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the cumulative unremitted earnings of the Company's foreign subsidiaries are approximately million. The Company has recorded the tax impact for the unremitted earnings as allowed under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "Tax Act"), a portion of which is classified in other long-term liabilities as the Company has elected to make payments over eight years. The Company continues to conclude all material entities foreign earnings will be indefinitely reinvested in its foreign operations and will remain offshore in order to meet the capital and business needs outside of the U.S. As a result, the Company does not provide a deferred tax liability with respect to the cumulative unremitted earnings. It is not practicable to determine the deferred tax liability associated with these undistributed earnings due to the availability of foreign tax credits and the complexity of the rules governing the utilization of such credits under the new rules under the Tax Act. The Company recognizes any tax impacts of global intangible low-taxed income (GILTI) as period costs similar to other special deductions, and not as deferred taxes for basis differences. 
 million, million, and million of these gross amounts as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, relate to permanent items that, if recognized, would impact the effective income tax rate. This amount differs from the gross unrecognized tax benefits presented in the table below due to the decrease in U.S. federal income taxes which would occur upon the recognition of the state tax benefits included herein. 
 The balances in the table below as of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021 include unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, related to an unresolved Mexico tax matter. The interest and penalties on these unrecognized tax benefits were reversed during the second quarter of 2022 due to a change in the Company's position on the matter. 
 2022 2021 2020 Balance at January 1 Additions (reductions) based on tax positions related to prior years ) ) ) Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Reductions for lapse of statute of limitations ) ) Reductions due to settlements with taxing authorities ) Balance at December 31 
 
 The Company records interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions as a component of the income tax provision. The Company recognized income of million related to the reversal of interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and expense of million and million related to interest and penalties as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total amount of interest and penalties accrued was million and million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There were accruals for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022. 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

NOTE 13 - 
 
 defined benefit pension plans that provide benefits based on years of service and average compensation during certain periods. The Company's U.S. plan was frozen, effective December 31, 1996, for participation and benefit accrual purposes (except cash balance interest credits required by law). Similarly, the Company s non-U.S. plan was frozen, effective December 31, 2008. 
 
 During the second quarter of 2022, the Board of Directors of HBB approved the termination of the Company's U.S. defined benefit pension plan (the "Plan") with an effective date of September 30, 2022. The Plan was previously frozen, effective December 31, 1996, for participation and benefit accrual purposes (except cash balance interest credits required by law). The Company has started the process to terminate and settle the Plan, which could take up to an estimated months to complete. Benefit obligations under the Plan will be settled through a combination of lump sum payments to eligible plan participants and the purchase of a group annuity contract, under which future benefit obligations will be transferred to a third-party insurance company. We currently expect that all surplus assets remaining after the Plan termination will be transferred to a qualified replacement plan. 
 Discount rate for net periodic benefit (income) expense Expected long-term rate of return on assets for net periodic pension (income) expense Non-U.S. Plan Discount rate for pension benefit obligation Discount rate for net periodic benefit (income) expense Expected long-term rate of return on assets for net periodic pension (income) expense 
 
 In the third quarter of 2022, the Company remeasured the Plan which was triggered by the level of lump sum distributions from the Plans' assets exceeding the Plan's service and interest cost threshold. The discount rate for net periodic benefit (income) expense used during the period January 1, 2022 to September 30, 2022 was . Due to the remeasurement in the third quarter, the discount rate used for the settlement charge and for the net periodic benefit (income) expense for the period October 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 period was . A discount rate of was used for the fourth quarter 2022 settlement charge. The expected long-term rate of return on assets used for the net periodic benefit (income) expense used during the period January 1, 2022 to September 30, 2022 was . The expected long-term rate of return on assets used for the net periodic benefit (income) expense for the period October 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 period was . For determining our U.S. plan and non-U.S. plan 2023 pension net periodic benefit (income) expense, our expected rate of return assumptions are and , respectively. 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial loss Settlement loss Net periodic pension (income) expense ) ) ) Non-U.S. Plan Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial loss (gain) ) Net periodic pension (income) expense ) ) ) 
 
 ) ) Settlement loss ) Amortization of actuarial loss ) ) ) Total recognized in other comprehensive loss (income) ) ) Non-U.S. Plan Current year actuarial loss (gain) ) ) Amortization of actuarial (loss) gain ) ) Total recognized in other comprehensive loss (income) ) ) 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Settlements ) Foreign currency exchange rate changes ) Projected benefit obligation at end of year Accumulated benefit obligation at end of year Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Settlements ) Other ) Foreign currency exchange rate changes ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status at end of year Amounts recognized in the balance sheets consist of: Deferred costs Components of accumulated other comprehensive loss consist of: Actuarial loss ) ) ) ) Deferred taxes ) ) ) ) 
 During 2022, the Company recognized a pre-tax pension settlement loss in Other expense (income), net of million, triggered by the level of lump sum distributions from the Plans' assets exceeding the Plan's service and interest cost threshold. The actuarial loss included in accumulated other comprehensive loss expected to be recognized in net periodic pension (income) expense in 2023 is million. 
 The Company recognizes as a component of benefit cost (income), as of the measurement date, any unrecognized actuarial net gains or losses that exceed 10 of the larger of the projected benefit obligations or the plan assets, defined as the "corridor." Amounts outside the corridor are amortized over the average expected remaining lifetime of inactive participants for the pension plans. The gain (loss) amounts recognized in AOCI are not expected to be fully recognized until the plan is terminated or as settlements occur, which would trigger accelerated recognition. 
 The Company's policy is to make contributions to fund its pension plans within the range allowed by applicable regulations. The Company does not expect to contribute to its U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans in 2023. 
 Pension benefit payments are made from assets of the pension plans. 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 Historically, the Company employed a total return on investment approach whereby a mix of equities and fixed income investments were used to maximize the long-term return of plan assets for a prudent level of risk. In light of the Plan termination process, volatility in the market, and the Plan's funding status, the Plan transferred a significant portion of its assets to lower risk investments in 2022 to move towards a liability driven investing strategy whereby the assets are primarily fixed income investments. The fixed income investments that were chosen under this strategy, while not precisely the same, are meant to parallel the investments selected in determining the discount rate used to calculate the Company s pension liability. 
 For the Non-U.S. Plan, the expected long-term rate of return on defined benefit plan assets reflects the Company's expectations of long-term rates of return on funds invested to provide for benefits included in the projected benefit obligations. In establishing the expected long-term rate of return assumption for plan assets, the Company considers the historical rates of return over a period of time that is consistent with the long-term nature of the underlying obligations of these plans as well as a forward-looking rate of return. The historical and forward-looking rates of return are used to determine the Company's estimated rate of return assumption were based upon the rates of return earned or expected to be earned by investments in the equivalent benchmark market indices for each of the asset classes. 
 Expected returns for U.S. pension plans are based on a calculated market-related value for U.S. pension plan assets. Under this methodology, asset gains and losses resulting from actual returns that differ from the Company's expected returns are recognized in the market-related value of assets ratably over three years. Expected returns for non-U.S. pension plans are based on fair market value for non-U.S. pension plan assets. 
 The pension plans maintain investment policies that, among other things, establish a portfolio asset allocation methodology with percentage allocation bands for individual asset classes. The investment policies provide that investments are reallocated between asset classes as balances exceed or fall below the appropriate allocation bands. 
 - 
 Non-U.S. equity securities - 
 Fixed income securities - 
 Money market - 
 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Tabular Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share and Percentage Data) 

- 
 Non-Canadian equity securities - 
 Fixed income securities - 
 Money market - 
 
 The fair value of each major category of the Company's U.S. pension plan assets are valued using quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets, or Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of each major category of the Company's Non-U.S. pension plan assets are valued using observable inputs, either directly or indirectly, other than quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets. 
 Non-U.S. equity securities Fixed income securities Money market Total 
 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 
 HBB maintains a defined contribution (401(k)) plan for substantially all U.S. employees and similar plans for employees outside of the U.S. The Company's U.S. plan provides employer safe harbor contributions based on plan provisions and both defined contribution retirement plans provide for a separate employer contribution. These plans permit additional profit-sharing contributions, determined annually, that are based on a formula that includes (i) the effect of actual operating profit results compared with targeted operating profit results and (ii) the age and/or compensation of the participants. Total costs, including Company contributions, for these plans were million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 

NOTE 14 - 
 Property, plant and equipment, net 2021 Revenue from unaffiliated customers Property, plant and equipment, net 2020 Revenue from unaffiliated customers Property, plant and equipment, net 
 No single country outside of the U.S. comprised 10 or more of HBB's revenue from unaffiliated customers. 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 

 ) (A) Deferred tax valuation allowances (C) 2021 Reserves deducted from asset accounts: Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) (A) Deferred tax valuation allowances (C) 2020 Reserves deducted from asset accounts: Allowance for doubtful accounts (A) Deferred tax valuation allowances (C,D) 
 
 (A) Write-offs, net of recoveries and foreign exchange rate adjustments. 
 (B) Balances which are not required to be presented and those which are immaterial have been omitted. 
 (C) Foreign exchange rate adjustments and utilization of foreign entity losses. 
 (D) Utilization of Kitchen Collection losses. 

F-36 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 a43descofregisteredsecurit.htm
 EX-4.3

Document 

Exhibit 4.3 
 
 Description of HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY s Securities Registered Pursuant To Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act Of 1934 
 
 The following description sets forth certain material terms and provisions of the securities of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company we, us or our that are registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. This description also summarizes relevant provisions of Delaware law. The following summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by, the provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, copies of which are filed as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.3 is a part, and by the applicable provisions of Delaware law. 
 
 As of the date of this filing, we are authorized to issue up to 100 million shares of common stock (comprised of 70 million shares of our Class A Common and 30 million shares of our Class B Common), par value 0.01 per share, and 5 million shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock, each share of our Class A Common entitles the holder of the share to one vote on all matters submitted to our stockholders, and each share of our Class B Common entitles the holder of the share to ten votes on all such matters. 
 
 Dividends and Other Distributions 
 
 Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock, each share of our Class A Common and our Class B Common is equal in respect of rights to dividends and other distributions in our cash, stock or property, except that in the case of dividends or other distributions payable in our stock, including distributions pursuant to split-ups or divisions of our stock, only our Class A Common is distributed with respect to our Class A Common and only our Class B Common is distributed with respect to our Class B Common. In the event of a future spin-off of one of our subsidiaries, the Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company amended and restated certificate of incorporation permits the Company to elect to distribute to each holder of our Class A Common shares of the Class A common stock of such subsidiary and to each holder of our Class B Common shares of the Class B common stock of such subsidiary. In the case of any consolidation, merger or sale of all, or substantially all, of our assets as a result of which our stockholders will be entitled to receive cash, stock other securities or other property with respect to or in exchange for their shares of our stock, each holder of our Class A Common and our Class B Common will be entitled to receive an equal amount of consideration for each share of our Class A Common or our Class B Common held by such holder. 
 
 Restrictions on Transfer of Class B Common Convertibility of Class B Common into Class A Common. 
 
 Our Class B Common generally is not transferable by a stockholder except to or among such holder s spouse, certain relatives of such holder, and spouses of such relatives, certain trusts established for their or another permitted transferee s benefit, certain corporations, limited liability companies and partnerships owned by them and certain charitable organizations. 
 
 Our Class B Common is, however, convertible at all times, and without cost to the stockholder, into our Class A Common on a share-for-share basis. Therefore, stockholders desiring to sell the equity interest in us represented by their shares of our Class B Common may convert those shares into an equal number of shares of our Class A Common and sell the shares of our Class A Common. A stockholder who does not wish to complete the 

conversion process before a sale may effect a sale of our Class A Common into which such stockholder s shares of our Class B Common is convertible. 
 
 Other than pursuant to conversions into our Class A Common as described above, a holder of shares of our Class B Common may transfer such shares (whether by sale, assignment, gift, bequest, appointment or otherwise) only to a permitted transferee, which is defined generally as follows 
 
 1. to the extent such person is a natural person, any of the lineal descendants of a great, great, great, great grandparent of such holder of our Class B Common, including children adopted before age 18 or any spouse (including a widow or widower) of such lineal descendant, any of the spouses of a lineal descendant of a great, great, great, great grandparent of such Class B stockholder s spouse, any lineal descendant of any spouse of a lineal descendant of a great, great, great, great grandparent of such Class B stockholder (such persons, including such holder of our Class B Common, are hereinafter referred to as such Class B stockholder s family members 
 
 2. a trust for the benefit of such Class B stockholder s family members and certain charitable organizations 
 
 3. certain charitable organizations established by such Class B stockholder s family members and 
 
 4. a corporation whose stockholders, a partnership whose partners or a limited liability company whose members, are made up exclusively of such Class B stockholder s family members, any trust described in (2) above or any other permitted transferees. 
 
 In the case of a corporation or limited liability company, shares of our Class B Common also may be transferred to a successor by merger or consolidation, provided that each stockholder of each other corporation or member of each other limited liability company, as applicable, which is a party to such merger or consolidation is, at the time of such transaction, a stockholder of such corporation or a permitted transferee of at least one stockholder of such corporation or a member of such limited liability company or a permitted transferee of at least one member of such limited liability company. Class B Common shares being beneficially held pursuant to a trust may be transferred to (i) any person, as of the record date, to whom or for whose benefit principal may be distributed under the terms of the trust, (ii) the person or persons who established such trust, and (iii) permitted transferees of any such person described in subclause (i) or (ii). Shares beneficially held by certain charitable organizations may be transferred to the Class B stockholder who or that transferred such shares to the charitable organization and to such holder s permitted transferees. 
 
 The restrictions on the transferability of our Class B Common are set forth in full in Section 3 of Article IV of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Each certificate representing shares of our Class B Common will bear a legend indicating that the shares of our Class B Common are subject to restrictions on the transfer and registration of transfer thereof. 
 
 Any purported transfer of shares of our Class B Common not permitted under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will be void and of no effect and the purported transferee will have no rights as our stockholder and no other rights against or with respect to us. We may, as a condition to the transfer or registration of transfer of shares of our Class B Common to a permitted transferee, require the furnishing of such affidavits or other proof as we deem necessary to establish that such transferee is a permitted transferee. 
 
 Additional shares of our Class B Common will not be issued without an affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting stock, except in connection with stock splits and stock dividends. All shares of our Class B Common received by us when stockholders convert them into our Class A Common or that are otherwise acquired by us will be retired and not reissued. 

Other Provisions 
 
 Neither our Class A Common nor our Class B Common carry any preemptive rights enabling a holder to subscribe for or receive shares of our stock of any class or any other securities convertible into shares of our stock. 
 
 Listing 
 
 Our Class A Common is quoted on the NYSE under the symbol HBB. Our Class B Common is not listed on the NYSE or any other stock exchange. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Our Board is authorized to issue one or more series of up to 5 million shares of preferred stock. With respect to each series of the preferred stock, our Board has the authority, consistent with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, to determine the following terms 
 
 1. the number of shares and the designation of any series 
 
 2. the voting powers, if any, of the shares of such series and whether such voting powers are full or limited 
 
 3. the redemption provisions, if any, applicable to such series, including the redemption price or prices to be paid 
 
 4. whether dividends, if any, will be cumulative or noncumulative, the dividend rate or rates of such series and the dates and preferences of dividends of such series 
 
 5. the rights of such series upon our voluntary or involuntary dissolution, or upon any distribution of our assets 
 
 6. whether the shares are convertible into, or exchangeable for, any of our other stock, the price or rate of conversion or exchange and the applicable terms and conditions 
 
 7. the right, if any, to subscribe for or to purchase any of our securities or of any other corporation or other entity 
 
 8. the provisions, if any, of any sinking fund applicable to such series and 
 
 9. any other relative, participating, optional or other powers, preferences or rights, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions, of such series 
 
 The issuance of preferred stock may adversely affect the voting rights and other rights of the holders of common stock. 
 
 Provisions That May Have an Anti-Takeover Effect 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that may make the acquisition of control of us by means of a tender offer, open market purchase, proxy fight or otherwise more difficult. Our amended and restated bylaws also contain provisions that could have an anti-takeover effect. 

These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws are designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate the terms with our Board. We believe that, as a general rule, the interests of our stockholders are best served if any change in control results from negotiations with our Board based upon careful consideration of the proposed terms, such as the price to be paid to stockholders, the form of consideration to be paid and the anticipated tax effects of the transaction. Stockholders are not generally permitted to call a special meeting of stockholders. However, in the future, preferred stock may be designated that permits the holders of such preferred stock to call a special meeting of the holders of such class of preferred stock. Subject to the rights of holders of our preferred stock, our directors must be nominated in accordance with Section 3 of Article II of our amended and restated bylaws, which provides that nominations for election as directors at an annual meeting of our stockholders may only be made (i) by or at the direction of our Board or a committee thereof or (ii) by any stockholder who is entitled to vote at such annual meeting and who complies with the additional requirements of such section. 
 
 The provisions could, however, have the effect of discouraging a prospective acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. To the extent that these provisions discourage takeover attempts, they could deprive stockholders of opportunities to realize takeover premiums for their shares. Moreover, these provisions could discourage accumulations of large blocks of shares of our Class A Common, thus depriving stockholders of any advantages that large accumulations of stock might provide. Set forth below is a summary of the relevant provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws and certain applicable sections of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ). This summary may not contain all of the information that is important to you and is subject to, and is qualified by reference to, all of the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws and the DGCL. 
 
 Restrictions on Certain Transactions with Interested Persons 
 
 We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, which prohibits certain business combinations and transactions between a corporation and an interested stockholder for at least three years after the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, unless 
 
 before the interested stockholder s share acquisition date, the board approved either the business combination or the purchase of shares by the interested stockholder 
 
 upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) those shares owned (i) by persons who are directors and also officers and (ii) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer or 
 
 the transaction is approved by the board and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 3 of the outstanding voting stock, after excluding shares controlled by the interested stockholder. 
 
 An interested stockholder is any person that (i) is the owner of 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock, or (ii) is our affiliate or associate and was the owner of 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock at any time within the 3-year period immediately before the date on which it is sought to be determined whether such person is an interested stockholder, and the affiliates and associates of such person. 

Special Vote Required for Certain Amendments to Organizational Documents 
 
 Certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, such as those set forth in Article V (election and removal of directors), Article VI (amendment of bylaws) and Article IX (rights to indemnification), may not be amended or repealed except by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 80 of the voting power of our outstanding voting stock, voting together as a single class. Such 80 vote is also required to adopt any provisions inconsistent with any of the provisions of Article I, Sections 1 (time and place of meetings of stockholders), 3 (special meetings of stockholders) and 8 (order of business at meetings of stockholders), Article II, Sections 1 (number and term of office of directors), 2 (vacancies and new directorships), 3 (nominations and election of directors) and 4 (powers of directors) and Article VII (amendments to bylaws) of our amended and restated bylaws. 
 
 Other Provisions 
 
 Certain other provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws may also tend to discourage attempts to acquire control of us. These include advance notice requirements for director nominations and stockholder proposals and provisions that prohibit stockholder action being effected by written consent. 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 a211subsidiariesofhbbhc2022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS HOLDING COMPANY 
 
 The following is a list of active subsidiaries as of the date of the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the Annual Report on Form 10 K to which this is an Exhibit. Except as noted, all of these subsidiaries are wholly-owned, directly or indirectly. 
 Name Incorporation Altoona Services, Inc. Pennsylvania Grupo HB PS S.A. de C.V. Mexico (99.98 Hamilton Beach Brands Canada, Inc. Canada Hamilton Beach Brands Do Brasil Comercializacao de Produtos Electricos Ltda Brazil (99.9 Hamilton Beach Brands, (HK) Limited Hong Kong (PRC) Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc. Delaware Hamilton Beach Electrical Appliances (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd. China Hamilton Beach, Inc. Delaware Weston Brands, LLC Ohio 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 a231eyconsent2022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-221358) pertaining to the Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company Executive Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan, 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-221359) pertaining to the Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company Non-Employee Directors' Equity Compensation Plan, 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-221360) pertaining to the Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company Supplemental Executive Long-Term Incentive Bonus Plan, and 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-256361) pertaining to the Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company Non-Employee Directors' Equity Compensation Plan 
 (5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-265031) pertaining to the Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company Executive Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 of our reports dated March 9, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Cleveland, Ohio 
 March 9, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 a31i1certifications-gtrepp.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31(i)(1) 
 
 Certifications 
 
 I, Gregory H. Trepp, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 9, 2023 s Gregory H. Trepp Gregory H. Trepp President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 a31i2certifications-lwoerm.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31(i)(2) 
 
 Certifications 
 
 I, Linda Woermer, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 9, 2023 s Linda Woermer Linda Woermer Senior Director, Controller of Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc. (Interim Principal Financial Officer) (Interim Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 a32certificationpursuantto.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Hamilton Beach Holding Company (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer's knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 
 
 Date March 9, 2023 s Gregory H. Trepp Gregory H. Trepp President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date March 9, 2023 s Linda Woermer Linda Woermer Senior Director, Controller of Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc. (Interim Principal Financial Officer) (Interim Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 hbb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 hbb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 hbb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 hbb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 hbb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

