<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230216_10-K_edgar_data_790051_0000790051-23-000044.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19021679</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>243753</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3173255</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7147786</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4274851</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3833149</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000790051-23-000044.hdr.sgml : 20230216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230216142143
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000790051-23-000044
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		115
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CARLISLE COMPANIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000790051
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FABRICATED RUBBER PRODUCTS, NEC [3060]
		IRS NUMBER:				311168055
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09278
		FILM NUMBER:		23638010

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16430 N. SCOTTSDALE RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85254
		BUSINESS PHONE:		480-781-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16430 N. SCOTTSDALE RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85254

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000790051-23-000044.txt : 20230216

10-K
 1
 csl-20221231.htm
 10-K

csl-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2022 

www.carlisle.com 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer I.D. No) 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive office, including zip code) 
 ) 
 (Telephone) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered n/a 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the shares of common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates was approximately billion based upon the closing price of the common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022. 
 As of February 9, 2023, shares of common stock of the registrant were outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Part I 
 3 
 Item 1. Business. 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 11 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 16 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 16 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 16 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 16 
 Part II 
 16 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 16 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 17 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 18 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 34 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 36 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 36 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
 39 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 40 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 41 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 42 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 43 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 75 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 75 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 76 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 77 
 Part III 
 77 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 77 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 77 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 77 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 78 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 78 
 Part IV 
 78 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 78 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 80 
 Signatures 
 81 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Overview 
 Carlisle Companies Incorporated Carlisle , the Company , we , us or our is a leading manufacturer and supplier of innovative building envelope products and solutions that enable greater energy efficiency in buildings. Through our family of leading brands in our building products businesses, we provide labor-reducing and environmentally responsible solutions to contractors and building owners with a keen focus on delivering the best-in-class Carlisle Experience to all channel partners. We are also a leading provider of products to the aerospace, medical technologies and general industrial markets. 
 Our Company website is www.carlisle.com , through which we make available, free of charge, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after these reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Information on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference and should not be considered part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All references to "Notes" refer to our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Business Strategy 
 We strive to be a leading manufacturer of highly engineered products in the various markets we serve. Introduced in early 2018, Vision 2025 set the tone for a returns-focused capital deployment strategy intended to create sustained value for all of our stakeholders, with an intermediate-term goal of achieving 15 of earnings per share by 2025. With the successful implementation of our strategy, Carlisle achieved this level of earnings three years early. 
 Key pillars of this strategic plan, which remain well-ingrained today throughout the Company to guide our value-creating strategy going forward, include (1) dedication to driving above market organic revenue growth through continued investment in innovation, and maintaining best-in-class production, service, and delivery capabilities, (2) utilizing the Carlisle Operating System COS ), an operating structure and strategy deployment system based on lean enterprise and six sigma principles, consistently to drive efficiencies and operating leverage, (3) building scale with synergistic acquisitions, (4) continuing to invest in and develop exceptional talent, and (5) maintaining a balanced, returns-focused approach to capital deployment which includes returning excess capital to stockholders. 
 We utilize COS to drive improving operational performance. COS is a continuous improvement process that defines the way we do business and is deeply embedded in our culture throughout Carlisle s operations. Waste is eliminated and efficiencies are improved enterprise-wide, driving both improvements to our sustainability efforts by reducing our carbon footprint, and increasing profitability. These efforts expand beyond production areas, as COS drives new product innovation, engineering, supply chain management, warranty and product rationalization. 
 With accelerating demand for energy-efficient solutions for sustainable buildings of the future, we will continue to seek ways to improve our manufacturing processes to lower carbon emissions through COS. Importantly, we will continue to emphasize the development of products that help reduce carbon emissions with energy-efficient systems and solutions on building rooftops and throughout the building envelope as a natural offset to the current built environment, which is estimated to contribute as much as 30 of annual greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions. 
 We intend to continue to seek synergistic acquisitions that will enhance our ability to service our customers with a broader set of energy-efficient solutions, while also seeking to divest businesses that no longer fit well into the strategic direction of Carlisle. Refer to Notes 3 and 4 for further discussion of acquisitions made during the past three years and our discontinued operations. 
 While supply chain challenges, pervasive and persistent inflation, and labor shortages have been material headwinds to our operations, we believe our proactive approach to continuous improvement initiatives and focus on delivering the Carlisle Experience to our customers drove laudable resilience and collectively accelerated achieving our Vision 2025 earnings goal three years early, recording record financial results in 2022. We remain focused on continuing our value-creating journey with the proven foundational pillars of Vision 2025 very well ingrained in our Carlisle culture of continuous improvement and returns-focused capital deployment. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Description of Business by Segment 
 Carlisle Construction Materials CCM 
 Products, Markets and Locations 
 The CCM segment has evolved from a supplier of the first single-ply ethylene propylene diene monomer EPDM roofing membranes in the early 1960s to today, where we deliver innovative, easy-to-install and energy-efficient solutions through the Carlisle Experience for customers who are creating the sustainable building of the future. CCM is a diversified manufacturer and supplier of premium roofing products and related technologies primarily for the commercial construction market. CCM offers high-performance, single-ply roofing solutions that include EPDM, thermoplastic polyolefin TPO ), polyvinyl chloride PVC ), architectural metal and roof garden systems. 
 EPDM, TPO and PVC membrane and polyisocyanurate ("polyiso") insulation are sold together in warranted systems or separately in non-warranted systems to the new construction, re-roofing and maintenance, general construction and industrial markets. These products are primarily sold under the Carlisle SynTec, Versico, Weatherbond and Hunter Panels brands in the United States of America U.S. or United States and throughout the world, and EPDM membranes under the Resitrix and Hertalan brands primarily in Europe. 
 CCM operates manufacturing facilities located throughout the United States, its primary market, and in Canada, Germany, the Netherlands, United Kingdom ("U.K.") and Romania. The majority of CCM s products are sold through a network of authorized sales representatives and distributors in North America and Europe. 
 Key Raw Materials 
 Key raw materials for this segment include methylene diphenyl diisocyanate MDI ), polyol, EPDM polymer, TPO polymer, carbon black and coated steel. These raw materials generally have at least two vendor sources. The vendor typically has multiple processing facilities for key raw materials that are single sourced. 
 Seasonality 
 Revenues and earnings for CCM have historically been higher in the second and third quarters due to increased construction activity during those periods from favorable weather conditions. 
 Market Factors 
 CCM serves a large and diverse customer base; however, in 2022 CCM's two largest customers represented 21.9 of the Company s consolidated revenues. The loss of either of these customers could have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated revenues and operating income. Both of these customers' business is covered under a number of independent local agreements. 
 Demand for CCM s energy-efficient roofing solutions is primarily driven by the need to replace older, existing roofs on non-residential structures, and to a lesser extent, new construction. Notably, CCM s backlog of orders is not a significant factor for the segment, and thus not a reliable indicator of intermediate-term revenue as most products have relatively short order-to-delivery periods. 
 This segment faces competition from several competitors that produce roofing systems predominantly for commercial and building applications. The level of competition within this market varies by product line and region. As one of four major manufacturers in the single-ply industry, CCM competes through innovative products, long-term warranties and customer service. CCM offers separately priced extended warranty contracts on certain of its products ranging from five to 40 years, the most significant being those offered on its installed single-ply roofing systems primarily in the United States, subject to certain exclusions, that covers leaks in the roofing system attributable to a problem with the particular product or the installation of the product. 
 Strategy 
 Our strategy for the CCM segment is to: 
 Capture significant aftermarket opportunities as buildings in the U.S. approach re-roofing vintage; 
 Continue to support its above average margin profile; 
 Further expand our offering of innovative solutions to U.S. commercial roofing markets, including broadening our product breadth and geographic reach into architectural metals; and 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Expand internationally, especially into Europe, where there is a market to upgrade traditional asphalt roofing with EPDM, TPO and other single-ply roofing solutions. 
 Key growth initiatives include: 
 Grow operating income through the creation of value, based on labor and energy efficiency; 
 Continue to drive and leverage the Carlisle Experience to be the manufacturer of choice to our customers; 
 Drive innovation through enhanced focus on research and development to continue to introduce proprietary, differentiated value-add products and solutions; 
 Continue to invest in training employees and customers to drive a culture of continuous learning that creates brand loyalty; and 
 Focus mergers and acquisitions on synergistic building envelope opportunities. 
 Carlisle Weatherproofing Technologies CWT 
 Products, Markets and Locations 
 The CWT segment was created in early 2022 to incorporate our acquisition of ASP Henry Holdings ("Henry") and align our segments around our products and applications for the building envelope. CWT is a leading provider of high-performance waterproofing and moisture protection products, protective roofing underlayments, integrated air/vapor barriers, spray polyurethane foam and coating systems, and block-molded expanded polystyrene insulation for the building envelope. CWT is a leading North American building products manufacturer offering an enhanced set of solutions and systems to aid in the design of efficient building envelope construction projects, backed by industry-leading product innovations and a focus on environmentally responsible principles. 
 CWT operates manufacturing facilities and distribution locations throughout the United States and Canada, its primary markets. The majority of CWT s products are sold through distribution, and to a much lesser extent, retail outlets throughout North America. 
 Key Raw Materials 
 Key raw materials for this segment include MDI, silicone polymer, asphalt, rubber, glass mat and expanded polystyrene insulation bead. These raw materials generally have at least two vendor sources. The vendor typically has multiple processing facilities for key raw materials that are single sourced. 
 Seasonality 
 Revenues and earnings for CWT have historically been higher in the second and third quarters due to increased construction activity during those periods from favorable weather conditions. 
 Market Factors 
 The segment faces competition from numerous, usually local or regional competitors, that typically produce a subset of CWT s broader suite of weatherproofing technologies used in both commercial and residential markets. The level of competition within this market varies by product line, region and end-market. As a market-leader in air and vapor barriers, waterproofing, spray foam and other insulation solutions, CWT competes through innovative products, long-term warranties and customer service. CWT's backlog of orders is not a significant factor for the segment, and thus not a reliable indicator of intermediate-term revenue as most products have relatively short order-to-delivery periods. The warranties offered on CWT products vary by solution. 
 Strategy 
 Our strategy for the CWT segment is to: 
 Further expand our value proposition to building owners, contractors and home builders with our comprehensive suite of energy-efficient building products; 
 Capture significant aftermarket opportunities as both residential and non-residential buildings are in need of both repair and energy-efficiency upgrades; 
 Continue to identify and realize synergies following the Henry acquisition and future tuck-in acquisitions; 
 Drive strong incremental margins to expand segment margins over time; and 
 Further expand our presence in niche high-growth and high-margin opportunities including spray foam insulation, air, water, and vapor barriers, and other building envelope adjacencies; 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Key growth initiatives include: 
 Drive sales and commercial excellence using system and bundle sales to leverage enhanced product breadth and the best-in-class Carlisle Experience; 
 Grow operating income through the creation of value, based on labor and energy efficiency, and leveraging COS throughout CWT s manufacturing footprint; 
 Continued development of proprietary, differentiated products; 
 Utilize training to drive a culture of continuous learning that creates brand loyalty; and 
 Focus mergers and acquisitions on synergistic building envelope opportunities. 
 Carlisle Interconnect Technologies CIT 
 Products, Markets and Locations 
 The CIT segment designs and manufactures high-performance wire and cable, including optical fiber, for the commercial aerospace, military and defense electronics, medical device, industrial, and test and measurement markets. CIT's product portfolio also includes sensors, connectors, contacts, cable assemblies, complex harnesses, racks, trays and installation kits, in addition to engineering and certification services. Offering both turnkey and custom solutions, CIT is also known as a single-source global provider for innovative medical device solutions and electromechanical technology. Leveraging our global presence, CIT continues to deliver a growing line of advanced solutions for emerging applications worldwide. 
 The aerospace and defense electronics products are primarily sold under the Carlisle, Thermax and Tri-Star brand names, with the medical products primarily sold under the Carlisle, LHi Technology and Providien brand names. This segment primarily operates manufacturing facilities in the United States, China and Mexico, with the United States, Europe and China being the primary target regions for sales. Sales are made by direct sales personnel and independent sales representatives. 
 Key Raw Materials 
 Key raw materials for this segment include gold, copper conductors that are plated with tin, nickel or silver, polyimide tapes, polytetrafluoroethylene PTFE tapes, PTFE fine powder resin, thermoplastic resins, stainless steel, beryllium copper rod, machined metals, plastic parts, and various marking and identification materials. These raw materials are typically sourced worldwide and generally have at least two supplier sources, except when prohibited by customer contracts, which represented less than 10 of purchases in 2022. 
 Market Factors 
 Backlog orders were 525.8 million and 404.2 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Of the 525.8 million in backlog orders as of December 31, 2022, 41.7 million is not reasonably expected to be filled in 2023. 
 The CIT segment faces competition from numerous competitors within each of the markets it serves. While product specifications, certifications and life cycles vary by market, the CIT segment primarily positions itself to gain design specification for customer platforms or products with long life cycles and high barriers to entry, such as in the aerospace and medical markets. These markets generally have high standards for product certification as deemed by the Federal Aviation Administration FAA and European Union Aviation Safety Agency ("EASA"), and Food and Drug Administration FDA ), respectively. The CIT segment competes primarily on the basis of its product performance and its ability to meet its customers highly specified design, engineering and delivery needs on a timely basis. The market demand and resulting build rates of new aircraft and capital expenditures by medical facilities has a large and direct influence on the demand for CIT's products. 
 Strategy 
 Our strategy for the CIT segment is to focus on highly regulated industries that have the characteristics of high-performance, mission-critical products designed to operate in harsh environments with significant barriers to entry and attractive margins. The primary industries currently include commercial aerospace, defense, industrial and medical devices. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Our strategy for the CIT segment is to: 
 Increase its status as the wire and cable supplier of choice by meeting increased data and electrification needs within aircraft; 
 Broaden its breadth of product and geographic reach within aerospace and medical primarily through new product development and operational excellence; 
 Capitalize on increased investment in medical equipment and technology; and 
 Leverage core technologies to diversify into attractive, adjacent markets. 
 Key growth initiatives include: 
 Increase content per aircraft across all product groups; 
 Build out and convert medical original equipment manufacturers ("OEM") project pipeline; 
 Increase market share on defense electronics and space programs; 
 Emphasize market-focused organizational alignment and best-in-class manufacturing capabilities to drive accelerated organic growth and enhance leverage to sustained cyclical tailwinds within both aerospace and medical technology end markets; and 
 Leverage vertically integrated capabilities to support the medical device OEM strategy of consolidating supply chains across strategic end markets. 
 Carlisle Fluid Technologies CFT 
 Products, Markets and Locations 
 The CFT segment designs, manufactures and sells highly engineered liquid, powder, sealants and adhesives and high pressure foam equipment and integrated system solutions for spraying, pumping, mixing, metering and curing a variety of coatings used primarily in the automotive manufacture, general industrial, transportation, wood, protective coating, insulation, specialty and automotive refinish markets. This segment also incorporates custom designed and commercially available electric and electronic components in a number of its metering and control products. The CFT segment manufactures and sells products that are sold under the brand names of Binks , DeVilbiss , Ransburg , BGK and MS Powder . The segment operates manufacturing facilities primarily in the United States, the U.K. and Switzerland, and assembly and distribution facilities in China, Japan and South Korea, with approximately 54 of its revenues outside the United States. The majority of sales into CFT's industries are made through a worldwide network of distributors, integrators and some direct to end-user sales. These business relationships are managed primarily through direct sales personnel worldwide. 
 Key Raw Materials 
 Key raw materials for this segment include carbon steel and various grades of stainless steel, brass, aluminum, copper, machined metals, carbide, machined plastic parts and PTFE. These raw materials, machined parts and assemblies are typically sourced worldwide and have at least two vendor sources. 
 Seasonality 
 Approximately 16 of CFT s annual revenues are for the development, and in some cases assembly, of large fluid handling or other application systems projects. Timing of these system sales can result in revenues that are higher in certain quarters versus other quarters within the same calendar year, particularly the fourth quarter. 
 Market Factors 
 The CFT segment competes against both regional and international manufacturers. Major competitive factors include innovative designs, the ability to provide customers with lower cost of ownership, dependable performance and high quality at a competitive price. CFT s products' ability to spray, mix or deliver a wide range of coatings, applied uniformly in exact increments, is critical to the functionality and overall appearance of the applied coatings. The segment s installed base of global customers is supported by a worldwide distribution network with the ability to deliver critical spare parts and other services. Brands that are well recognized and respected internationally, combined with a diverse base of customers, applications and industries served, positions the CFT segment to continue designing patented, innovative equipment and solutions for customers across the globe. Industrial and automotive capital expenditure levels have a direct influence on the demand for CFT products. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Strategy 
 Our strategy for the CFT segment is to: 
 Focus on key end markets of automotive and automotive refinish, transportation, general industrial, and agricultural and construction equipment; 
 Grow sales of core spray guns by capitalizing on strong brand recognition and solid customer advocacy among key automotive and industrial OEMs; 
 Further expand in mixing, metering, spraying and dispensing polyurethane foam, viscous liquids or powder coating equipment through our energy efficient pumps and better controls, leveraging the equipment to support core spray gun sales and expanding in adjacent markets; 
 Launch innovative new products including embedded technology and IIoT-enabled platforms that connect equipment on the shop floor; 
 Expand pump sales in the attractive reciprocating pumps market; and 
 Further penetrate the fast-set applications market, including spray foam insulation. 
 Key growth initiatives include: 
 Expand global distribution network by developing partners in growing regions and markets; 
 Expand product portfolio by launching new products in adjacent markets and filling gaps in existing product portfolio; 
 Increase market share by driving deep customer relationships and operational excellence; and 
 Drive higher aftermarket sales servicing our growing installed base of equipment. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We own or hold the right to use a variety of patents, trademarks, licenses, inventions, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights. We have adopted a variety of measures and programs to maintain the continued validity and enforceability of our various intellectual property rights. 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development activities include the development of new product lines, the modification of existing product lines to comply with regulatory changes, and the research of cost efficiencies through raw material substitution and process improvements. Our research and development expenses were 50.8 million, 49.9 million and 45.4 million, representing 0.8 , 1.0 and 1.1 of revenues in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Compliance with Government Regulations 
 We are subject to various government regulations, including environmental regulations. To date, our costs of complying with these regulations have not had a material effect on our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position or that of any business segment. We do not expect to incur any material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities for the current fiscal year or any other subsequent period. 
 Environmental, Social, and Governance ("ESG") 
 Our mission is help deliver a more sustainable future by supplying innovative and energy efficient products while reducing our operational GHG emissions and the amount of construction materials in landfills. 
 Our drive to increase the content of energy-efficient products in our portfolio was a key factor in our decision to purchase Henry in 2021. Henry's building envelope systems keep moisture out of buildings to reduce energy consumption and keep waste out of landfills, helping to protect and enhance the environments in which we live and work. We also made significant progress in the construction of our ninth polyiso facility in Sikeston, Missouri, which is expected to be operational by the summer of 2023. This new facility is being constructed with the latest advancements in Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design ("LEED") building standards and environmentally responsible building principles, and will manufacture energy efficient polyiso insulation, which reduces cooling and heating costs for buildings and, in turn, reduces a building's carbon footprint. 
 During 2022, we began production of the commercial roofing industry's first 16-foot-wide TPO membrane manufacturing line, which results in less packaging waste. Also in 2022, we installed photovoltaic solar panels on our plant in Waltershausen, Germany. This photovoltaic system is expected to generate approximately 30 of the site's electricity and reduce GHG emissions by nearly 250 metric tons per year. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

As we continue our ESG journey, we continue to rely on the tenants of the Carlisle Environmental Sustainability Policy, which specifies the collection of detailed ESG data from our facilities across the globe. Through evaluating the data, we can measure factors, like GHG emissions, which we will use to monitor our progress towards achieving our established targets. The policy further establishes a process to engage our supply chain and monitor compliance with Carlisle policies for fair labor practices and our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Finally, the policy formalizes our commitment to certify all our manufacturing facilities to the ISO 14001 Environmental Management System by the end of 2025. 
 The Chair, President, and Chief Executive Officer reviews and approves the strategic direction for Carlisle s sustainability approach. Carlisle s sustainability approach is guided to execution through the Vice President of Sustainability and the ESG Steering Committee. The Vice President of Sustainability, reporting to the Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer, leads the ESG Steering Committee, which is composed of key executives in the areas of human resources, COS, legal and finance. The ESG Steering Committee develops strategy, provides oversight, and monitors accountability in our ESG and climate-related initiatives through the deployment of the Carlisle Environmental Sustainability Policy. On a periodic basis, Carlisle's Board of Directors (the "Board") reviews the status of the Company's ESG initiatives. The Vice President of Sustainability and members of the ESG Steering Committee work with senior leadership within Carlisle s business units to deploy and accelerate Carlisle s sustainability strategy. 
 Our environmental sustainability initiatives and strategy are discussed further in our 2021 Corporate Sustainability Report, which can be found on our website at www.carlisle.com ; this report is not incorporated by reference and should not be considered part of this Form 10-K. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 Investing in Our People 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 12,100 people, excluding approximately 400 contractors. 
 We believe that talent attraction and retention are critical to our ability to achieve our strategy and that a trained, diverse and inspired workforce is integral to delivering value to our stakeholders. We begin with a recruiting process that reaches a wide array of potential employees and includes the engagement of specialized, diverse recruiting firms such as The Standard Diversity Network, Jobs4Women.net, Asian American Jobsite, African American Jobsite and many others. 
 We also partner with universities in the U.S. and outside the U.S., recruiting for functional talent in management, sales, finance, information technology and other functions from the communities in which we work. In addition, we engage certain of these universities in collaborative research and development, and training efforts. Each business segment works with high schools and trade schools in their respective locations to educate young people about and attract them to manufacturing careers. 
 We offer several training programs for current employees intended to develop talent, including: 
 The Carlisle Leadership Summit is intended to identify and prepare high-performing employees for senior leadership roles and to recognize and continue to develop our most seasoned employees. 
 The Carlisle Leadership Program, developed in association with the Kelley School of Business, is a program for senior manager or director level employees who are leading teams and demonstrating future potential for senior leadership roles. This program develops business and leadership skills in both applied and classroom environments. 
 The Carlisle Leadership Foundation is a program designed for skilled functional or technical individual contributors who have recently advanced, or are expected to advance, to their first leadership roles. This program helps these employees to define their own leadership skills to enable their future success. 
 The Carlisle Management Development Program was established with several university MBA programs and is a one-year post-MBA rotational program designed to give an expedited experience for participants within business segments across functional areas. 
 Diversity, Equity Inclusion 
 Carlisle has pledged to take action to cultivate a workplace where diverse perspectives and experiences are welcomed and respected. In May 2018, Carlisle joined the CEO Action for Diversity Inclusion , a coalition of nearly 2,000 CEOs pledging to advance diversity and inclusion in the workplace. By signing on to this commitment, 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Carlisle is pledging to take action to cultivate a workplace where diverse perspectives and experiences are welcomed and respected. CEO Action for Diversity Inclusion is cultivating a new type of ecosystem centered around collaboration and sharing. 
 Carlisle s commitment to diversity and inclusion in the workforce includes a policy of non-discriminatory treatment and respect of human rights for all current and prospective employees. Discrimination on the basis of an individual s race, religion, creed, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, national origin or veteran s status is not permitted by Carlisle and is illegal in many jurisdictions. Carlisle respects the human rights of all employees and strives to treat them with dignity consistent with standards and practices recognized by the international community. Carlisle is committed to respecting all human rights, as articulated in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, and the International Labor Organization s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. 
 In addition to policies for fair treatment, Carlisle also works to address unconscious bias in the workplace. Unconscious bias training is a key component of Carlisle s leadership development programs. This training helps inform leaders of biases and provides a forum for them to explore how Carlisle can strengthen our culture of inclusion by addressing and breaking down biases. This has contributed to an effort to gain equal diversity representation throughout Carlisle. 
 As of the end of 2021, we achieved gender and race pay equity across our U.S. workforce. This means compensating employees the same when they perform the same job duties, while accounting for other factors, such as their experience level, job performance and tenure with the Company. Carlisle's minimum starting wage is 15 per hour for our entire U.S. workforce. 
 Below is a summary of our global employee diversity as of December 31, 2022 by gender and age: 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Health and Safety 
 Through COS, we have launched Path to Zero, an initiative to drive our incident rate to zero. At Carlisle, safety is everyone s responsibility. This includes our own employees, as well as contractors, suppliers, customers and others. Carlisle is committed to adhere to safety policies, procedures and training to incorporate safety into all aspects of business operations. All safety incidents are investigated to reduce safety risks and share lessons learned. Carlisle measures and reviews safety performance and strives for continuous improvement along the Path to Zero. 
 Throughout 2022, our teams continued to support each other and focus on safety, as evidenced by our industry leading 0.67 OSHA Incident Rate, which has declined more than 17 compared to 2021. Carlisle continues to lead in safety performance and has greatly outperformed the industry since we started tracking this metric on a consolidated basis in 2018. 
 Labor Matters 
 Employees represented by unions, local work councils or collective bargaining agreements as of December 31, 2022, are listed below, with the number of employees represented and the expiration date of the applicable agreements: 
 Location Number of Agreements Number of Employees Represented Expiration Date CCM - Germany 2 159 May 2023 CWT - Canada 4 155 December 2023 December 2024 December 2025 CCM - Netherlands 1 141 March 2024 CIT - Switzerland 1 74 N/A CCM - Romania 1 63 June 2023 CFT - Germany 6 24 N/A CWT - US 1 15 March 2023 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 The Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows can be affected by a number of factors including those material factors set forth below, those set forth in our Forward Looking Statements disclosure in Item 7 and those set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, any one of which could 
 11 

Table of Contents 

cause the Company s actual results to vary materially from recent results or from anticipated future results and make an investment in the Company speculative or risky. 
 Strategic, Business and Operational Risks 
 The Company s earnings growth strategy is partially dependent on the acquisition and successful integration of other businesses. 
 The Company has a history of acquiring businesses as part of its earnings growth strategy. Typically, the Company considers acquiring companies that can be integrated within an existing business. Acquisitions of this type involve numerous risks, which may include a failure to realize expected revenue growth and operating and cost synergies from integration initiatives, increasing dependency on the markets served by the combined businesses or increased debt to finance the acquisitions. 
 The Company also considers the acquisition of businesses that may operate independent of existing businesses. Acquisitions of this type involve risks similar to those encountered when acquiring companies that can be integrated within an existing business, including a failure to realize expected revenue growth or operating and cost reductions within the acquired business, and could increase the possibility of diverting corporate management s attention from its existing operations. 
 The successful realization of revenue growth, cost reductions and synergies with our existing businesses, and within acquired stand-alone businesses, and increases in profitability overall, are dependent upon successful integration initiatives. If these integration initiatives are not fully realized, there may be a negative effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, including goodwill and/or intangible asset impairments, which may be material. 
 See Note 3 for recent acquisition information. 
 The loss of, a significant decline in business with, or pricing pressure from, one or more of the Company s key customers could adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 The Company operates in several niche markets in which a large portion of the segment s revenues are attributable to a few large customers. See Item 1. Business Overview Description of Businesses by Segment for a discussion of customer concentrations by segment. A significant reduction in purchases by one or more of these customers could have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows of one or more of the Company s segments. 
 Some of the Company s key customers enjoy significant purchasing power that may be used to exert pricing pressure on the Company. Additionally, as many of the Company s businesses are part of a long supply chain to the ultimate consumer, the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be adversely affected if one or more key customers elects to in-source or find alternative suppliers for the production of a product or products that the Company currently provides. 
 Failure to successfully complete dispositions or restructuring activities could negatively affect the Company. 
 From time to time, the Company, as part of its commitment to concentrate on its core business, may dispose of all or a portion of certain businesses. Such dispositions involve a number of risks and present financial, managerial and operational challenges, including diversion of management's attention from the Company s core businesses, increased expense associated with the dispositions, potential disputes with the customers or suppliers of the disposed businesses, potential disputes with the acquirers of the disposed businesses and a potential dilutive effect on the Company s earnings per share. If dispositions are not completed in a timely manner, there may be a negative effect on the Company s cash flows and/or the Company s ability to execute its strategy. 
 Additionally, from time to time, the Company may undertake consolidation and other restructuring projects in an effort to reduce costs and streamline its operations. Such restructuring activities may divert management's attention from the Company s core businesses, increase expenses on a short-term basis and lead to potential disputes with the employees, customers or suppliers of the affected businesses. If restructuring activities are not completed in a timely manner or if anticipated cost savings, synergies and efficiencies are not realized, there may be a negative effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Refer to Notes 4 and 8 for a discussion of disposition and restructuring matters. 
 Industry and Macroeconomic Risks 
 Several of the market segments that the Company serves are cyclical and sensitive to domestic and global economic conditions. 
 Several of the market segments in which the Company sells its products are, to varying degrees, cyclical and may experience periodic downturns in demand. For example, the CCM and CWT segments are susceptible to downturns in the commercial construction industry, particularly in the construction repair and replacement sectors, the CWT segment is susceptible to downturns in the residential construction industry, the CIT segment is susceptible to downturns in the commercial aerospace industry and the CFT segment is susceptible to downturns in the automotive industry. 
 Uncertainty regarding global economic conditions may have an adverse effect on the businesses, results of operations and financial condition of the Company and its customers, distributors and suppliers. Among the economic factors which may affect performance are: manufacturing activity, commercial and residential construction, passenger airline travel, difficulties entering new markets and general economic conditions such as inflation, deflation, interest rates and credit availability. These effects may, among other things, negatively impact the level of purchases, capital expenditures and creditworthiness of the Company s customers, distributors and suppliers, and therefore, the Company s results of operations, margins and orders. The Company cannot predict if, when or how much worldwide economic conditions will fluctuate. These conditions are highly unpredictable and beyond the Company's control. If these conditions deteriorate, however, the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 The Company is subject to risks arising from international economic, political, legal and business factors. 
 The Company operates in global markets. Approximately 14 of the Company s revenues in 2022 were generated outside the United States. In addition, to compete globally, all of the Company s segments have manufacturing facilities outside the United States. In 2022, approximately 12 of cost of goods sold was derived from facilities outside of the United States. 
 The Company s reliance on international revenues and international manufacturing bases exposes its business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows to a number of risks, including price and currency controls; government embargoes or foreign trade restrictions, including import and export tariffs; extraterritorial effects of U.S. laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; expropriation of assets; war, civil uprisings, acts of terror and riots; political instability; nationalization of private enterprises; hyperinflationary conditions; the necessity of obtaining governmental approval for new and continuing products and operations, currency conversion or repatriation of assets; legal systems of decrees, laws, taxes, regulations, interpretations and court decisions that are not always fully developed and that may be retroactively or arbitrarily applied; cost and availability of international labor, materials and shipping channels; and customer loyalty to local companies. 
 The Company has significant concentrations in the domestic construction market. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 83 of the Company s revenues and approximately 102 of its operating income were generated by the CCM and CWT segments, principally from the construction market. Construction spending is affected by economic conditions, changes in interest rates, demographic and population shifts, new housing starts and changes in construction spending by federal, state and local governments. A decline in the construction market, particularly in construction repair and replacement activities, could adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, adverse weather conditions such as heavy or sustained rainfall, cold weather and snow can limit construction activity and reduce demand for roofing materials. 
 The CCM and CWT segments compete through pricing, among other factors. Competition in this segment may increase pricing pressure on the Company which may negatively affect operating results in future periods. 
 Raw material costs are a significant component of the Company s cost structure and are subject to volatility, including cost increases, significant disruptions to the Company's supply chains or significant shortages of materials. 
 The Company utilizes petroleum-based products, chemicals, resins and other commodities in its manufacturing processes. Raw materials, including inbound freight, accounted for approximately 79 of the Company s cost of 
 13 

Table of Contents 

goods sold in 2022. Significant increases in the costs of these materials may not be recovered through selling price increases and significant disruption to the Company's supply chains or significant shortages of materials could adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The Company also relies on global sources of raw materials, which could be adversely impacted by unfavorable shipping or trade arrangements, including import and export tariffs and global economic conditions. Refer to Part II Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk for additional information regarding commodity price risk. 
 Currency fluctuation could have a material impact on the Company s reported results of business operations. 
 The Company s global revenues and other activities are translated into U.S. Dollars ("USD") for reporting purposes. The strengthening or weakening of the USD could result in unfavorable translation effects as the results of transactions in foreign countries are translated into USD. In addition, sales and purchases in currencies other than our subsidiaries' functional currencies (primarily the USD, Euro, Chinese Renminbi and British Pound) expose the Company to fluctuations in foreign currencies relative to those functional currencies. Increased strength of the functional currency will decrease the Company s reported revenues or margins in respect of sales conducted in foreign currencies to the extent the Company is unable or determines not to increase local currency prices. Likewise, decreased strength of the functional currency could have a material adverse effect on the cost of materials and products. Many of the Company s sales that are exported by its USD functional subsidiaries to foreign countries are denominated in USD, reducing currency exposure. However, increased strength of the USD may decrease the competitiveness of our U.S. subsidiaries products that are sold in USD within foreign locations. 
 The Company has entered into foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the exposure of certain of our results of operations and cash flows to such fluctuations. See Part II Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk for a discussion on foreign currency exchange risk. 
 Environmental, Regulatory and Legal Risks 
 The Company and certain of its customers operations are subject to regulatory risks. 
 Certain products manufactured by our businesses and certain of our customers operating in the aerospace and medical markets are subject to extensive regulation by the FAA and EASA, and FDA, respectively. It can be costly and time-consuming for the Company and our customers to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals and certifications to operate in these markets. Delays in FAA or EASA approvals or certifications of the products of our aerospace customers may impact the requirements for our interconnect components. Product approvals subject to regulations might not be granted for new medical devices on a timely basis, if at all. Proposed new regulations or changes to regulations could result in the need to incur significant additional costs to comply. Continued government scrutiny, including reviews of the FDA medical device pre-market authorization and post-market surveillance processes, may impact the requirements for our medical device components. Failure of the Company or any of its customers operating in these markets to effectively respond to changes to applicable laws and regulations or comply with existing and future laws and regulations may have a negative effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We are also subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to air emissions, wastewater discharges, and chemical and hazardous waste management and disposal. Some of these environmental laws hold owners or operators of land or businesses liable for their own and for previous owners or operators releases of hazardous or toxic substances or wastes. Other environmental laws and regulations require the obtainment of, and compliance with, environmental permits. To date, costs of complying with environmental, health and safety requirements have not been material, and the Company did not have any significant accruals related to potential future costs of environmental remediation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, nor are any material asset retirement obligations recorded as of that date. However, the nature of the Company s operations and its long history of industrial activities at certain of its current or former facilities, as well as those acquired, could potentially result in material environmental liabilities or asset retirement obligations. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Global climate change and related regulations could negatively affect the Company. 
 Changes in environmental and climate change laws or regulations, including laws relating to GHG emissions, could lead to new or additional investment in the Company s products or facilities and could increase environmental compliance expenditures. Changes in climate change concerns including GHG emissions, and the regulation of such concerns including climate-related disclosures, could subject the Company to additional costs and restrictions, including increased energy and raw material costs and other compliance requirements which could negatively impact the Company s reputation, business, capital expenditures, results of operations and financial position. 
 As of the date of this filing, we have made several public commitments regarding our intended reduction of GHG emissions, including commitments to achieve net zero GHG emissions by 2050 and the establishment of science-based targets to reduce GHG emissions from our operations and the operations of our value chain. Although we intend to meet these commitments, we may be required to expend significant resources to do so, which could increase our operational costs. Further, there can be no assurance of the extent to which any of our commitments will be achieved, or that any future investments we make in furtherance of achieving such targets and goals will meet investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability performance. Moreover, we may determine that it is in the best interest of our company and our stockholders to prioritize other business, social, governance or sustainable investments over the achievement of our current commitments based on economic, regulatory and social factors, business strategy or pressure from investors, activist groups or other stakeholders. If we are unable to meet these commitments, then we could incur adverse publicity and reaction from investors, activist groups and other stakeholders, which could adversely impact the perception of our brands and our products and services by current and potential customers, as well as investors, which could in turn adversely impact our results of operations. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 The Company is subject to risks arising from global pandemics, including COVID-19. 
 The Company s businesses operate in market segments impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Operating during a global pandemic exposes the Company to a number of risks, including diminished demand for our products and our customers products, suspensions in the operations of our manufacturing facilities, maintenance of appropriate labor levels, our ability to ship products to our customers, interruptions in our supply chains and distribution systems, increases in operating costs related to pay and benefits for our employees, collection of trade receivables in accordance with their terms, and potential impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets, any of which, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We have experienced, and could continue to experience, diminished demand for our products as a result of COVID-19. The initial decline in domestic and international passenger airline travel caused by COVID-19 and foreign government lockdowns continue to impact demand for our products sold to customers operating in the commercial aerospace industry. While these COVID-19-related impacts have not to date, in the aggregate, had a material adverse impact on the Company, we are unable to predict the extent or duration of these impacts as they will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time, such as the duration and frequency of coronavirus outbreaks and government responses to such outbreaks. 
 Cybersecurity breaches or significant disruptions of our information technology systems or violations of data privacy laws could adversely affect our business. 
 We rely on information technology systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support critical business processes. Security breaches of these systems could result in the unauthorized or inappropriate access to confidential information or personal data entrusted to us by our business partners. While we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, cybersecurity breaches to our information technology systems, none of them to date has had a material impact on the Company. Additionally, these systems may be disrupted as a result of attacks by computer hackers or viruses, human error or wrongdoing, operational failures or other catastrophic events. The Company leverages its internal information technology infrastructures, and those of its business partners, to enable, sustain and protect its global business interests. However, any of the aforementioned breaches or disruptions could result in legal claims, liability or penalties under privacy laws or damage to operations or to the Company's reputation, which could adversely affect our business. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

We are subject to data privacy and security laws, regulations and customer-imposed controls as a result of having access to and processing confidential, personal and/or sensitive data in the ordinary course of business. If we are unable to maintain reliable information technology systems and appropriate controls with respect to privacy and security requirements, we may suffer regulatory consequences that could be costly or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 The number, location and size of the Company s principal properties as of December 31, 2022, by segment follows: 
 Number of Facilities Square Footage 
 (in millions) 
 North America Europe Asia Other Total Owned Leased Carlisle Construction Materials 30 8 38 3.9 1.3 Carlisle Weatherproofing Technologies 39 1 40 2.2 0.8 Carlisle Interconnect Technologies 14 1 4 19 0.8 1.1 Carlisle Fluid Technologies 5 2 4 1 12 0.5 0.1 Totals 88 12 8 1 109 7.4 3.3 
 The Company considers its principal properties, as well as the related machinery and equipment, to be generally well maintained, and suitable and adequate for its intended purposes. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 The Company is a party to certain lawsuits in the ordinary course of business. Information about legal proceedings is included in Note 17. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Performance Graph 
 The table below shows how a 100 investment in Carlisle has grown over the five-year period ending December 31, 2022, as compared to a 100 investment in the S P MidCap 400 Index and S P 500 Index. The graph and corresponding chart assumes the investment of 100 in our common stock and each of the indices as of December 31, 2017 and the reinvestment of all dividends. 
 Carlisle S P MidCap 400 S P 500 2017 100.00 100.00 100.00 2018 89.69 87.50 93.76 2019 146.27 108.55 120.84 2020 143.36 121.36 140.49 2021 230.28 149.53 178.27 2022 220.88 127.88 143.61 
 16 

Table of Contents 

The graph below shows a five-year comparison of cumulative returns for a 100 investment in the Company as compared to the S P MidCap 400 Index and S P 500 Index. 
 
 Market Information 
 The Company s common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol "CSL." As of December 31, 2022, there were 1,112 stockholders of record. The number of beneficial holders is substantially greater than the number of record holders because a significant portion of our common stock is held of record in broker street names. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The Company s purchases of its common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022 follows: 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) (a) 
 Total Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased (1) 
 (b) Average Price Paid Per Share (c) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (d) 
 Maximum Number 
 (or Approximate 
 Dollar Value) of 
 Shares that May 
 Yet Be Purchased 
 Under the Plans or 
 Programs (2) 
 October 0.2 282.82 0.2 4.0 November 0.4 243.25 0.4 3.6 December 0.2 250.28 0.2 3.4 Total 0.8 0.8 
 (1) The Company may also reacquire shares outside of the repurchase program from time to time in connection with the forfeiture of shares in satisfaction of tax withholding obligations from the vesting of share-based compensation. During the three months ended December 31, 2022, there were less than 0.1 million shares reacquired in transactions outside the repurchase program. 
 (2) Represents the remaining total number of shares that can be repurchased under the Company s stock repurchase program. On February 2, 2021, the Board approved a 5 million share increase in the Company's stock repurchase program. See "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Sources and Uses of Cash and Cash Equivalents Share Repurchases" below. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Carlisle Companies Incorporated Carlisle , the Company , we , us or our is a leading manufacturer and supplier of innovative building envelope products and solutions for more energy efficient buildings. Through our building products businesses, Carlisle Construction Materials ("CCM") and Carlisle Weatherproofing Technologies ("CWT"), and family of leading brands, we deliver innovative, labor-reducing and environmentally responsible products and solutions to customers through the Carlisle Experience. Carlisle is committed to generating superior stockholder returns and maintaining a balanced capital deployment approach, including investments in our businesses, strategic acquisitions, share repurchases and continued dividend increases. We are also a leading provider of products to the aerospace, medical technologies and general industrial markets through our Carlisle Interconnect Technologies ("CIT") and Carlisle Fluid Technologies ("CFT") business segments. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is designed to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of Company management. All references to Notes refer to our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For more information regarding our consolidated results, segment results, with the exception of CCM and CWT as a result of the reportable segment change during 2022, and liquidity and capital resources for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, refer to "Part II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in the Company's 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K (the "2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K"). 
 
 Executive Overview 
 The entire Carlisle team delivered excellent results throughout 2022, especially given the difficult macroeconomic environment. Leveraging our continuous improvement culture and the Carlisle Experience, the Carlisle team delivered on our commitments, supported by continued strong underlying U.S. non-residential construction demand, ongoing recovery in commercial aerospace markets, and disciplined pricing to deliver a record sales and earnings performance. 
 In 2018, we launched Vision 2025, our plan to deliver 15 of GAAP earnings per share ("EPS") by 2025. Vision 2025 has provided Carlisle with clarity of mission to keep us on course during the difficult operating conditions of the past few years. At its core, Vision 2025 consists of five fundamental pillars; driving organic revenue growth, leveraging that growth with COS, transforming the portfolio through synergistic acquisitions and strategic divestitures, deploying capital in a disciplined and return on investment-focused manner, and investing in and developing exceptional talent. We are extremely pleased to confirm we have met our objective to deliver 15 of GAAP EPS three years in advance of our target date. 
 As we exited 2022, we saw material supply conditions continuing to improve and our channel partners settling into a more normal purchasing cadence. Inflationary pressures continue to abate, and greater availability of materials are leading us toward a more normalized operating environment, continuing the trends we started to experience in the third quarter of 2022. Seasonal buying patterns, which were disrupted in 2020 and 2021, are approaching normalization with our customers working down inventory in the fourth quarter and into early 2023. As strong underlying fundamentals in our core businesses persist, we expect to build inventory, as we typically do, in anticipation of seasonally strong demand in the second and third quarters of 2023. Non-discretionary commercial re-roofing demand continues, including significant interest and activity in Carlisle's sustainable building solutions driven by rising energy costs, sustainability trends and projected investment from the Inflation Reduction Act. 
 We remain balanced and disciplined in our approach to capital deployment. We are maintaining an elevated level of capital expenditures to drive future growth, particularly in our building products businesses. We continue to manage an active merger and acquisition pipeline focused on synergistic businesses with attractive growth characteristics that complement our high-margin product lines. We expect to remain active in returning capital to stockholders, after raising our dividend in 2022 for the 46 th consecutive year and returning 534.4 million to stockholders in the form of share repurchases and cash dividends. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Summary Financial Results 
 (in millions, except per share amounts and percentages) 2022 2021 Revenues 6,591.9 4,810.3 Operating income 1,275.7 567.5 Operating margin 19.4 11.8 Income from continuing operations 925.2 387.0 (Loss) income from discontinued operations 
 (1.2) 34.7 Diluted earnings per share attributable to common shares: 
 Income from continuing operations 
 17.58 7.26 (Loss) income from discontinued operations 
 (0.02) 0.65 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 1,563.0 833.5 Adjusted EBITDA margin (2) 
 23.7 17.3 
 (1) Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin are intended to provide investors and others with information about Carlisle's and our segments' performance without the effect of items that, by their nature, tend to obscure core operating results due to potential variability across periods based on the timing, frequency and magnitude of such items. Refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this MD A for more information about, and a detailed reconciliation of, these items. 
 Revenues increased in 2022 primarily reflecting positive pricing across all segments, contributions from the acquisition of ASP Henry Holdings, Inc. Henry in the CWT segment and higher sales volumes in the CCM, CIT and CFT segments, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency impacts. 
 Operating income and operating income margin increased in 2022 primarily reflecting positive pricing, higher volumes and favorable product mix, partially offset by raw material and wage inflation across all segments. 
 Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations increased primarily from the above operating income performance 10.03 per share) and reduced average shares outstanding 0.21 per share) resulting from our share repurchase program. 
 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 Revenues 
 (in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Acquisition Effect Price / Volume Effect Exchange Rate Effect Revenues 6,591.9 4,810.3 1,781.6 37.0 9.2 28.7 (0.9) 
 The increase in revenues in 2022 primarily reflected positive pricing across all segments, contributions from the acquisition of Henry in the CWT segment and higher sales volumes in the CCM, CIT and CFT segments, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency impacts. 
 Revenues by Geographic Area 
 (in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 United States 5,663.8 86 4,039.5 84 International: Europe 374.9 359.8 Asia and Middle East 201.9 198.5 North America (excluding U.S.) 284.3 170.0 Africa 19.0 13.0 Other 48.0 29.5 Total International 928.1 14 770.8 16 Revenues 6,591.9 4,810.3 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Gross Margin 
 (in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Gross margin 2,157.4 1,314.7 842.7 64.1 Gross margin percentage 32.7 27.3 Depreciation and amortization 103.1 102.4 
 Gross margin percentage (gross margin expressed as a percentage of revenues) increased in 2022, driven by positive pricing and COS savings, partially offset by raw material and wage inflation. Also included in cost of goods sold were exit and disposal costs totaling 5.7 million in 2022, primarily at CIT, attributable to our restructuring initiatives, compared with 9.7 million in 2021. Refer to Note 8 for further information on exit and disposal activities. In 2021, cost of goods sold included 2.2 million of inventory step-up amortization associated with the Henry acquisition. 
 Selling and Administrative Expenses 
 (in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Selling and administrative expenses 811.5 698.2 113.3 16.2 As a percentage of revenues 12.3 14.5 Depreciation and amortization 146.0 113.7 
 Selling and administrative expenses increased in 2022 primarily reflecting incremental costs in the CWT segment from the acquisition of Henry, higher commissions, travel, incentive compensation costs and wage inflation. Also included in selling and administrative expenses were exit and disposal costs totaling 0.6 million in 2022, primarily at CIT, attributable to our restructuring initiatives, compared with 4.5 million in 2021. Refer to Note 8 for further information on exit and disposal activities. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 (in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Research and development expenses 50.8 49.9 0.9 1.8 As a percentage of revenues 0.8 1.0 Depreciation and amortization 2.2 1.8 
 Research and development expenses were higher in 2022 primarily reflecting higher new product development expenses at our CIT, CCM and CWT segments. 
 Other Operating Expense (Income), net 
 (in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Other operating expense (income), net 19.4 (0.9) 20.3 NM 
 Other operating expense, net in 2022 reflected intangible asset impairments of 18.6 million and fixed asset impairments of 6.2 million at our CWT segment, partially offset by rebates of 4.2 million and royalty income of 1.8 million. 
 Other operating income, net in 2021 primarily reflected 3.5 million of rebates, 1.6 million of royalty income and 0.4 million from rental income, partially offset by 5.0 million of impairment charges. 
 Operating Income 
 (in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Operating income 1,275.7 567.5 708.2 124.8 Operating margin percentage 19.4 11.8 
 Refer to Segment Results of Operations within this MD A for further information related to segment operating income results. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Interest Expense, net 
 (in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Interest expense, net 85.9 80.3 5.6 7.0 
 Interest expense, net of capitalized interest, increased during 2022 primarily reflecting higher long-term debt balances associated with our public offering of 550.0 million of 2.20 unsecured senior notes and 300.0 million of 0.55 unsecured senior notes completed in September 2021, partially offset by the redemption of 350.0 million of 3.75 unsecured senior notes (the "2022 Notes") in October 2022. Refer to Note 14 for further information on our long-term debt. 
 Interest Income 
 (in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Interest income (7.1) (1.2) (5.9) 491.7 
 Interest income increased during 2022 primarily relating higher yields and a higher invested cash balance. 
 Other Non-operating Expense, net 
 (in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Other non-operating expense, net 1.3 5.9 (4.6) (78.0) 
 Other non-operating expense, net in 2022 primarily reflected changes in foreign currencies against the U.S. Dollar and unrealized losses on Rabbi Trust investments, partially offset by unrealized gains on pension assets. 
 Other non-operating expense, net in 2021 primarily reflected the release of the remaining indemnification assets related to the acquisitions of Petersen Aluminum Corporation ("Petersen") and Accella Holdings LLC ("Accella") resulting from escrow expirations, and changes in foreign currencies against the U.S. Dollar. 
 Income Taxes 
 (in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Provision for income taxes 270.4 95.5 174.9 183.1 Effective tax rate 22.6 19.8 
 The provision for income taxes on continuing operations for 2022 is higher than 2021 primarily reflecting higher pre-tax income in the U.S., and to a lesser extent in foreign jurisdictions which equated to higher taxes of 174.7 million. 
 Refer to Note 9 for further information related to income taxes. 
 (Loss) Income from Discontinued Operations 
 (in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change (Loss) income from discontinued operations before taxes (5.4) 9.9 (15.3) NM Benefit from income taxes (4.2) (24.8) (Loss) income from discontinued operations (1.2) 34.7 
 Loss from discontinued operations in 2022 primarily reflects legal settlement accruals associated with a previously disposed business, partially offset by a gain on the sale of real estate associated with the 2021 sale of the equity interests and assets comprising the Carlisle Brake Friction ("CBF") segment. 
 Income from discontinued operations in 2021 primarily reflects operating results of CBF prior to the disposition and a pre-tax loss on sale, offset by an income tax benefit from the sale of the equity interests and assets comprising the CBF segment in August 2021. 
 Refer to Note 4 for additional information related to discontinued operations. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Segment Results of Operations 
 Carlisle Construction Materials CCM 
 This segment produces a complete line of premium energy-efficient single-ply roofing products and warranted roof systems and accessories for the commercial building industry, including ethylene propylene diene monomer EPDM ), thermoplastic polyolefin TPO and polyvinyl chloride PVC membrane, polyisocyanurate ("polyiso") insulation, and engineered metal roofing and wall panel systems for commercial and residential buildings. 
 (in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Acquisition Effect Price / Volume Effect Exchange Rate Effect Revenues 3,885.2 2,846.2 1,039.0 36.5 37.3 (0.8) Operating income 1,175.0 619.9 555.1 89.5 Operating margin 30.2 21.8 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 1,228.7 672.7 Adjusted EBITDA margin (1) 
 31.6 23.6 
 (1) Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin are intended to provide investors and others with information about Carlisle's and our segments' performance without the effect of items that, by their nature, tend to obscure core operating results due to potential variability across periods based on the timing, frequency and magnitude of such items. Refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this MD A for more information about, and a detailed reconciliation of, these items. 
 CCM s revenue increased in 2022 primarily reflecting positive pricing across all product lines and the strength of U.S. commercial roofing demand. 
 CCM s operating margin and adjusted EBITDA margin increase in 2022 primarily reflected positive pricing, higher volumes and savings from COS, partially offset by raw material, freight and wage inflation. 
 (in millions, except percentages) 2021 2020 Change Acquisition Effect Price / Volume Effect Exchange Rate Effect Revenues 2,846.2 2,335.4 510.8 21.9 21.5 0.4 Operating income 619.9 524.2 95.7 18.3 Operating margin 21.8 22.4 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 672.7 576.4 Adjusted EBITDA margin (1) 
 23.6 24.7 
 (1) Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin are intended to provide investors and others with information about Carlisle's and our segments' performance without the effect of items that, by their nature, tend to obscure core operating results due to potential variability across periods based on the timing, frequency and magnitude of such items. Refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this MD A for more information about, and a detailed reconciliation of, these items. 
 CCM s revenue increase in 2021 primarily reflected higher volumes from strength in U.S. commercial roofing and price realization across all markets. 
 CCM s operating margin and adjusted EBITDA margin decline in 2021 primarily reflected raw material, wage and freight inflation, offset by pricing actions that served to substantially offset inflation on a dollar basis during the year. 
 Carlisle Weatherproofing Technologies ("CWT") 
 This segment produces building envelope solutions that drive energy efficiency and sustainability in commercial and residential applications. Products include high-performance waterproofing and moisture protection products, protective roofing underlayments, fully integrated liquid and sheet applied air/vapor barriers, sealants/primers and flashing systems, roof coatings and mastics, spray polyurethane foam and coating systems for a wide variety of thermal protection applications and other premium polyurethane products, block-molded expanded polystyrene insulation, engineered products for HVAC applications, and premium rubber products for a variety of industrial and surfacing applications. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

(in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change 
 Acquisition Effect Price / Volume Effect Exchange Rate Effect Revenues 1,564.2 990.5 573.7 57.9 44.8 13.6 (0.5) Operating income 128.6 64.4 64.2 99.7 Operating margin 8.2 6.5 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 250.6 151.3 Adjusted EBITDA margin (1) 
 16.0 15.3 
 (1) Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin are intended to provide investors and others with information about Carlisle's and our segments' performance without the effect of items that, by their nature, tend to obscure core operating results due to potential variability across periods based on the timing, frequency and magnitude of such items. Refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this MD A for more information about, and a detailed reconciliation of, these items. 
 CWT s revenue increased in 2022 primarily reflecting contributions from the Henry acquisition and positive pricing. 
 CWT s operating margin increase in 2022 primarily reflected positive pricing and contributions from the Henry acquisition, partially offset by raw material, freight and wage inflation and lower volumes. Operating margin also included definite-lived intangible asset impairments of 18.6 million and plant, property and equipment impairments of 6.2 million in 2022 and transaction related expenses of 24.4 million from the acquisition of Henry in 2021. 
 CWT s adjusted EBITDA margin increase in 2022 primarily reflected favorable pricing and contributions from the Henry acquisition, partially offset by higher raw material, freight and labor costs, and lower volumes. 
 (in millions, except percentages) 2021 2020 Change 
 Acquisition Effect Price / Volume Effect Exchange Rate Effect Revenues 990.5 660.2 330.3 50.0 26.9 23.1 Operating income 64.4 57.4 7.0 12.2 Operating margin 6.5 8.7 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 151.3 106.8 Adjusted EBITDA margin (1) 
 15.3 16.2 
 (1) Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin are intended to provide investors and others with information about Carlisle's and our segments' performance without the effect of items that, by their nature, tend to obscure core operating results due to potential variability across periods based on the timing, frequency and magnitude of such items. Refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this MD A for more information about, and a detailed reconciliation of, these items. 
 CWT s revenue increase in 2021 primarily reflected contributions from the Henry acquisition, positive pricing and increased volumes across all end markets. 
 CWT's operating margin and adjusted EBITDA margin decline in 2021 primarily reflected raw material, freight and wage inflation, partially offset by pricing actions served to substantially offset inflation and improved operating efficiencies from COS. 
 Carlisle Interconnect Technologies CIT 
 This segment produces high-performance wire and cable, including optical fiber, for the commercial aerospace, military and defense electronics, medical device, industrial, and test and measurement markets. CIT's product portfolio also includes sensors, connectors, contacts, cable assemblies, complex harnesses, racks, trays and installation kits, in addition to engineering and certification services. CIT also provides medical device products and solutions for several medical technology applications. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

During the third quarter of 2021, we announced plans to exit our manufacturing operations in Carlsbad, California, and relocate the majority of those operations to existing facilities in North America. The project is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2023. Total projected costs are expected to approximate 6.9 million, with approximately 1.5 million of costs remaining to be incurred. 
 (in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Acquisition Effect Price / Volume Effect Exchange Rate Effect Revenues 845.4 687.8 157.6 22.9 23.1 (0.2) Operating income (loss) 37.2 (17.5) 54.7 312.6 Operating margin 4.4 (2.5) Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 118.1 75.8 Adjusted EBITDA margin (1) 
 14.0 11.0 
 (1) Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin are intended to provide investors and others with information about Carlisle's and our segments' performance without the effect of items that, by their nature, tend to obscure core operating results due to potential variability across periods based on the timing, frequency and magnitude of such items. Refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this MD A for more information about, and a detailed reconciliation of, these items. 
 CIT's revenue increase in 2022 primarily reflected continued strengthening of aerospace and medical end markets and favorable pricing. 
 CIT s operating margin and adjusted EBITDA margin increase in 2022 primarily reflected higher volumes, positive pricing and savings from COS, partially offset by wage inflation and unfavorable product mix. 
 Carlisle Fluid Technologies CFT 
 This segment produces highly engineered liquid, powder, sealants and adhesives finishing equipment and integrated system solutions for spraying, pumping, mixing, metering and curing of a variety of coatings used in the automotive manufacture, general industrial, protective coating, wood, specialty and automotive refinishing markets. 
 (in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Acquisition Effect Price / Volume Effect Exchange Rate Effect Revenues 297.1 285.8 11.3 4.0 9.3 (5.3) Operating income 36.5 24.0 12.5 52.1 Operating margin 12.3 8.4 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 56.3 46.4 Adjusted EBITDA margin (1) 
 18.9 16.2 
 (1) Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin are intended to provide investors and others with information about Carlisle's and our segments' performance without the effect of items that, by their nature, tend to obscure core operating results due to potential variability across periods based on the timing, frequency and magnitude of such items. Refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this MD A for more information about, and a detailed reconciliation of, these items. 
 CFT's revenue increase in 2022 primarily reflected positive pricing and increased volumes in the transportation end market, partially offset by unfavorable changes in foreign currency rates. 
 CFT s operating margin and adjusted EBITDA margin increase in 2022 primarily reflected positive pricing, savings from COS and higher volumes, partially offset by raw material, freight and wage inflation. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 A summary of our cash and cash equivalents by region follows: 
 (in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Europe 20.1 12.3 North America (excluding U.S.) 28.5 40.8 China 4.5 17.8 Asia Pacific (excluding China) 19.2 12.9 International cash and cash equivalents 72.3 83.8 U.S. cash and cash equivalents 327.7 240.6 Total cash and cash equivalents 400.0 324.4 
 24 

Table of Contents 

We maintain liquidity sources primarily consisting of cash and cash equivalents as well as availability under the Company's Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (as amended, the "Facility"). In the near term, cash on hand is our primary source of liquidity. The increase in cash and cash equivalents compared to December 31, 2021, is primarily related to cash generated from operations and the receipt of the 125 million earn out payment from the sale of CBF, partially offset by share repurchases, the redemption of the 2022 Notes, capital expenditures and payment of dividends to stockholders. 
 In certain countries, primarily China, our cash is subject to local laws and regulations that require government approval for conversion of such cash to U.S. Dollars, as well as for transfer of such cash, both temporarily and permanently outside of that jurisdiction. In addition, upon permanent transfer of cash outside of certain jurisdictions, primarily in Canada and China, we may be subject to withholding taxes, and as such we have accrued 6.9 million in anticipation of those taxes as of December 31, 2022. 
 We believe we have sufficient cash on hand, availability under the Facility and operating cash flows to meet our anticipated business requirements for at least the next 12 months. At the discretion of management, the Company may use available cash on capital expenditures, dividends, common stock repurchases, acquisitions and strategic investments. 
 We also anticipate we will have sufficient cash on hand, availability under the Facility and operating cash flows to meet our anticipated long-term business requirements and to pay outstanding principal balances of our existing notes by the respective maturity dates. Another potential source of liquidity is access to public capital markets, subject to market conditions. We may access the capital markets for a variety of reasons, including to repay the outstanding balances of our outstanding debt and fund acquisitions. Refer to Note 14 for further information on long-term debt. 
 Sources and Uses of Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 (in millions) 2022 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 1,000.9 421.7 Net cash used in investing activities (61.1) (1,486.4) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (862.0) 488.1 Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash (2.2) (1.2) Change in cash and cash equivalents 75.6 (577.8) 
 Operating Activities 
 We generated operating cash flows totaling 1,000.9 million for 2022 (including working capital uses of 222.0 million), compared with 421.7 million for 2021 (including working capital uses of 275.2 million). Higher operating cash flows in 2022 primarily reflected higher net income and a reduction in working capital uses related to collection of accounts receivable, partially offset by a reduction in accounts payable. 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash used in investing activities of 61.1 million for 2022 primarily reflected capital expenditures of 183.5 million and the acquisition of MBTechnology for 24.7 million, partially offset by the proceeds of the contingent consideration from the earn out payment and sale of real estate associated with the 2021 sale of CBF for 132.0 million and proceeds from investment in securities of 10.3 million. Cash used in investing activities of 1,486.4 million for 2021 primarily reflected the acquisition of Henry for 1,571.3 million, net of cash acquired, capital expenditures of 134.8 million and investment in securities of 30.2 million, partially offset by proceeds of 247.7 million from the sale of CBF. 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash used in financing activities of 862.0 million for 2022 primarily reflected share repurchases of 400.0 million, the redemption of the 2022 Notes of 350.0 million and cash dividend payments of 134.4 million, reflecting the increased annual dividend rate of 3.00 per share. Cash provided by financing activities of 488.1 million for 2021 primarily reflected net proceeds from our September public offering of 850.0 million in aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes and proceeds from the exercise of stock options, net of withholding tax, of 77.4 million, partially offset by share repurchases of 315.6 million and cash dividend payments of 112.5 million. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Share Repurchases 
 On February 2, 2021, the Board approved a 5 million share increase in the Company's stock repurchase program. We repurchased approximately 1.6 million shares in 2022 as part of our plan to return capital to stockholders, utilizing 400.0 million of our cash on hand. As of December 31, 2022, we had authority to repurchase 3.4 million shares. 
 Purchases may occur from time to time over an indefinite period of time in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions and through block trades, and no maximum purchase price has been set. The decision to repurchase shares depends on price, availability and other corporate developments and is subject to the discretion of the Board. The Company plans to continue to repurchase shares in 2023 on an opportunistic basis. 
 We intend to pay dividends to our stockholders and have increased our dividend rate annually for the past 46 years. On January 31, 2023, the Board declared a regular quarterly dividend of 0.75 per share, payable on March 1, 2023, to stockholders of record at the close of business on February 17, 2022. 
 Debt Instruments 
 Senior Notes 
 On September 14, 2022, we issued a notice for the redemption in full of our outstanding 350.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2022 Notes. The 2022 Notes were redeemed on October 17, 2022, at the redemption price of 355.5 million, including 5.5 million of interest to the redemption date. 
 We also have unsecured senior unsecured notes outstanding of 300.0 million due September 1, 2023 (at a stated interest rate of 0.55 ), 400.0 million due December 1, 2024 (at a stated interest rate of 3.5 ), 600.0 million due December 1, 2027 (at a stated interest rate of 3.75 ), 750 million due March 1, 2030 (at a stated interest rate of 2.75 and 550.0 million due March 1, 2032 (at a stated interest rate of 2.20 that are rated BBB by Standard Poor s and Baa2 by Moody s. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 During 2022, we had no borrowings or repayments under the Facility. During 2021, borrowings and repayments under the Facility totaled 650.0 million with a weighted average interest rate of 1.1 . As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no borrowings under the Facility and 1.0 billion of availability. 
 Debt Covenants 
 We are required to meet various covenants and limitations under our senior notes and Facility, including certain leverage ratios, interest coverage ratios and limits on outstanding debt balances held by certain subsidiaries. We were in compliance with all covenants and limitations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Refer to Note 14 for further information on our debt instruments. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1. In preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ), the Company s management must make informed decisions which impact the reported amounts and related disclosures. Such decisions include the selection of the appropriate accounting principles to be applied and assumptions on which to base estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We evaluate our estimates, including those related to goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, valuation of long-lived assets, revenue recognition, income taxes and extended product warranties on an ongoing basis. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience, terms of existing contracts, our observation of trends in the industry, information provided by our customers and information available from other outside sources, that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 Business Combinations 
 As noted in Item 1. Business. Business Strategy, we have a history and a strategy of acquiring businesses. We account for these business combinations as required by GAAP under the acquisition method of accounting, which 
 26 

Table of Contents 

requires us to recognize the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair values. Deferred taxes are recorded for any differences between fair value and tax basis of assets acquired and liabilities assumed and can vary based on the structure of the acquisition as to whether it is a taxable or non-taxable transaction. To the extent the purchase price of the acquired business exceeds the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including deferred income taxes recorded in connection with the transaction, such excess is recognized as goodwill (see further below for our critical accounting estimate regarding post-acquisition accounting for goodwill). The most critical areas of judgment in applying the acquisition method include selecting the appropriate valuation techniques and assumptions that are used to measure the acquired assets and assumed liabilities at fair value, particularly for intangible assets, contingent consideration, acquired tangible assets such as property, plant and equipment, and inventory. 
 The key techniques and assumptions utilized by type of major acquired asset or liability generally include: 
 Asset/Liability Typical Valuation Technique Key Assumptions Technology-based intangible assets Relief from royalty method Estimated future revenues from acquired technology 
 Royalty rates that would be paid if licensed from a third-party 
 Discount rates 
 Customer-based intangible assets Multiple-period excess earnings method Estimated future revenues from existing customers 
 Rates of customer attrition 
 Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") margins 
 Discount rates 
 Contributory asset charges 
 Trademark/trade name intangible assets Relief from royalty method Estimated future revenues from acquired trademark/trade name 
 Economic useful lives (definite vs. indefinite) 
 Royalty rates that would be paid if licensed from a third-party 
 Discount rates 
 Property, plant equipment Market comparable transactions (real property) and replacement cost, new less economic deprecation (personal property) Similarity of subject property to market comparable transactions 
 Costs of like equipment in new condition 
 Economic obsolescence rates 
 Inventory Net realizable value less (i) estimated costs of completion and disposal, and (ii) a reasonable profit allowance for the seller Estimated percentage complete (WIP inventory) 
 Estimated selling prices 
 Estimated completion and disposal costs 
 Estimated profit allowance for the seller 
 Contingent consideration Discounted future cash flows Future revenues and/or net earnings 
 Discount rates 
 
 In selecting techniques and assumptions noted above, we generally engage third-party, independent valuation professionals to assist us in developing the assumptions and applying the valuation techniques to a particular business combination transaction. In particular, the discount rates selected are compared to and evaluated with (i) the industry weighted-average cost of capital, (ii) the inherent risks associated with each type of asset and (iii) the level and timing of future cash flows appropriately reflecting market participant assumptions. 
 As noted above, goodwill represents a residual amount of purchase price. However, the primary items that generate goodwill include the value of the synergies between the acquired company and our existing businesses and the value of the acquired assembled workforce, neither of which qualifies for recognition as an intangible asset. Refer to Note 3 for more information regarding business combinations, specifically the items that generated goodwill in our recent acquisitions. 
 Subsequent Measurement of Goodwill 
 Goodwill is not amortized but is tested annually, or more often if impairment indicators are present, for impairment at a reporting unit level. Goodwill is tested for impairment via a one-step process by comparing the fair value of goodwill with its carrying value. We recognize an impairment for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value. We estimate the fair value of our reporting units based on the income approach utilizing the 
 27 

Table of Contents 

discounted cash flow method and the market approach utilizing the public company market multiple method. The key techniques and assumptions generally include: 
 Valuation Technique Key Assumptions Discounted future cash flows Estimated future revenues 
 EBITDA margins 
 Discount rates 
 Market multiple method Peer public company group 
 Financial performance of reporting units relative to peer public company group 
 
 In 2022, the CCM reporting unit was divided into four reporting units, CCM Commercial Roofing, CCM Architectural Metals, CCM Europe and CWT, in conjunction with our re-segmentation in early 2022 and to align with the segment managers' review of the business. The goodwill previously assigned to the CCM reporting unit was allocated to the new reporting units based on their relative fair values. Accordingly, we have determined that we have seven reporting units as of December 31, 2022 and four reporting units as of December 31, 2021. Goodwill has been allocated to the reporting units as follows: 
 (in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Carlisle Construction Materials N/A 1,172.6 Carlisle Construction Materials - Commercial Roofing 848.9 N/A Carlisle Construction Materials - Architectural Metals 59.5 N/A Carlisle Construction Materials - Europe 24.4 N/A Carlisle Weatherproofing Technologies 244.8 N/A Carlisle Interconnect Technologies - Aerospace, Defense and Industrial 601.0 601.5 Carlisle Interconnect Technologies - Medical 234.6 233.7 Carlisle Fluid Technologies 187.5 191.2 Total 2,200.7 2,199.0 
 Annual Impairment Test 
 We test our goodwill for impairment annually as of November 1. For the November 1, 2022 impairment test, all reporting units were tested for impairment using the quantitative approach described above, resulting in fair values that substantially exceeded the carrying values, with the exception of CIT Medical, which exceeded its carrying value by approximately 10 . 
 We will continue to closely monitor actual results versus expectations as well as whether and to what extent any significant changes in current events or conditions result in corresponding changes to our expectations about estimated future cash flows, discount rates and market multiples. If our adjusted expectations of the operating results, both in size and timing, of CIT Medical do not materialize, if the discount rate increases (based on increases in interest rates, market rates of return or market volatility) or if market multiples decline, we may be required to record goodwill impairment charges, which may be material. 
 While we believe our conclusions regarding the estimates of fair value of our reporting units are appropriate, these estimates are subject to uncertainty and by nature include judgments and estimates regarding various factors. These factors include the rate and extent of growth in the markets that our reporting units serve, the realization of future sales price and volume increases, fluctuations in exchange rates, fluctuations in price and availability of key raw materials, future operating efficiencies and, as it pertains to discount rates, the volatility in interest rates and costs of equity. 
 Refer to Note 12 for more information regarding goodwill. 
 Subsequent Measurement of Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets 
 As discussed above, indefinite-lived intangible assets are recognized and recorded at their acquisition-date fair value. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized but are tested annually at the appropriate unit of account, which generally equals the individual asset, or more often if impairment indicators are present. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment via a one-step process by comparing the fair value of the intangible asset with its carrying value. We recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the intangible asset's fair value. We generally estimate the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets consistent with the techniques noted above using our expectations about future cash flows, discount rates and royalty rates for purposes of the annual test. We monitor for significant changes in those 
 28 

Table of Contents 

assumptions during interim reporting periods. We also periodically re-assess indefinite-lived intangible assets as to whether its useful lives can be determined, and if so, we would begin amortizing any applicable intangible asset. 
 Annual Impairment Test 
 We test our indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually as of November 1. For the November 1, 2022 impairment test, all indefinite-lived intangible assets were tested for impairment using the quantitative approach described above, resulting in fair values that substantially exceeded the carrying values, with the exception of five trade names with an aggregate carrying value of 331.3 million that exceeded their carrying amounts by less than 10 . 
 We will continue to closely monitor actual results versus expectations as well as whether and to what extent any significant changes in current events or conditions result in corresponding changes to our expectations about future estimated revenues and discount rates. If our adjusted expectations of the revenues of these five trade names do not materialize or if the discount rate increases (based on increases in interest rates, market rates of return or market volatility), we may be required to record intangible asset impairment charges, which may be material. 
 Refer to Note 12 for more information regarding intangible assets. 
 Valuation of Long-Lived Assets 
 Long-lived assets or asset groups, including amortizable intangible assets, are tested for recoverability whenever events or circumstances indicate that the undiscounted future cash flows do not exceed the carrying amount of the asset or asset group. For purposes of testing for impairment, we group our long-lived assets classified as held and used at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows from other assets and liabilities, which means that in many cases multiple assets are tested for recovery as a group. Our asset groupings vary based on the related business in which the long-lived assets are employed and the interrelationship between those long-lived assets in producing net cash flows; for example, multiple manufacturing facilities may work in concert with one another or may work on a stand-alone basis to produce net cash flows. We utilize our long-lived assets in multiple industries and economic environments and our asset groupings reflect these various factors. 
 We monitor the operating and cash flow results of our long-lived assets or asset groups classified as held and used to identify whether events and circumstances indicate the remaining useful lives of those assets should be adjusted, or if the carrying value of those assets or asset groups may not be recoverable. Undiscounted estimated future cash flows are compared to the carrying value of the long-lived asset or asset group in the event indicators of impairment are identified. In developing our estimates of future undiscounted cash flows, we utilize our internal estimates of future revenues, costs and other net cash flows from operating the long-lived asset or asset group over the life of the asset or primary asset, if an asset group. This requires us to make judgments about future levels of sales volume, pricing, raw material costs and other operating expenses. 
 If the undiscounted estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying amount, we determine the fair value of the asset or asset group and record an impairment charge in current earnings to the extent carrying value exceeds fair value. Fair values may be determined based on estimated discounted cash flows, by prices for like or similar assets in similar markets or a combination of both. 
 In the third quarter of 2022, the current and projected operating and cash flow losses at our rubber asset group within the CWT segment resulted in the determination that an indicator of impairment existed. Accordingly, we performed a quantitative impairment analysis to determine whether the carrying value of the asset group was recoverable, and if not, determine the fair value of the asset group using the methods described above. 
 Based on the analysis, we determined that the undiscounted cash flows for the asset group did not exceed its carrying value. In determining the asset group's fair value, we utilized a market approach of assessing the exit prices for like or similar assets in similar markets and potential exit prices willing to be paid for the asset group by a market participant in an open market. Based on this assessment, we determined that the asset group's carrying value exceeded its fair value as of September 30, 2022, resulting in an impairment of definite-lived intangible assets and property, plant, and equipment of 18.6 million and 6.2 million, respectively. After recording the impairment in the third quarter of 2022, all of our asset groups were recoverable as of December 31, 2022. 
 We will continue to closely monitor whether and to what extent any significant changes in current events or conditions may result in corresponding changes to our expectation on the market value of the collective asset group. If our expectation of a market exit price willing to be paid by a market participant for the collective asset 
 29 

Table of Contents 

group does not materialize or changes due to known market conditions, we may be required to record additional impairments to the asset group, which may be material. 
 Long-lived assets or asset groups that are part of a disposal group that meets the criteria to be classified as held for sale are not assessed for impairment, but rather a loss on sale is recorded against the disposal group if fair value, less cost to sell, of the disposal group is less than its carrying value. If the disposal group s fair value exceeds its carrying value, we record a gain, assuming all other criteria for a sale are met, when the transaction closes. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Revenue is recognized when obligations under the terms of a contract with a customer are satisfied; generally, this occurs with the transfer of control of our products or services. Revenue is measured as the amount of total consideration expected to be received in exchange for transferring goods or providing services. Total expected consideration, in certain cases, is estimated at each reporting period, including interim periods, and is subject to change with variability dependent on future events, such as customer behavior related to future purchase volumes, returns, early payment discounts and other customer allowances. Estimates for rights of return, discounts and rebates to customers, and other adjustments for variable consideration are provided for at the time of sale as a deduction to revenue, based on an analysis of historical experience and actual sales data. Changes in these estimates are reflected as an adjustment to revenue in the period identified. Sales, value added and other taxes collected concurrently with revenue-producing activities are excluded from revenue. 
 We receive payment at the inception of the contract for separately priced extended service warranties, and revenue is deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over the life of the contracts. The term of these warranties ranges from five to 40 years. The weighted average life of the contracts as of December 31, 2022, is approximately 20 years. 
 Additionally, critical judgments and estimates related to revenue recognition relative to certain customer contracts in our CIT and CFT segments, in which they are contract manufacturers or where they have entered into an agreement to provide both services (engineering and design) and products resulting from those services, include the following: 
 Determination of whether revenue is earned at a "point-in-time" or "over time": Where contracts provide for the manufacture of highly customized products with no alternative use and provide CIT or CFT the right to payment for work performed to date, including a normal margin for that effort, we have concluded those contracts require the recognition of revenue over time. 
 Measurement of revenue using the key inputs of expected gross margin and inventory in our possession. We utilize an estimate of expected gross margin based on historical margin patterns and management s experience, which vary based on the customers and end markets being evaluated. There are multiple unique customer contracts at CIT or CFT. Accordingly, the estimate of expected margin is done for each customer discretely. We review the margins for these categories as contracts, customers and product profiles change over time so that the margin expectations reflect the best available data for each category. 
 Income Taxes 
 Our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits reflect management s best estimate of current and future taxes to be paid. We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgments and estimates are required in the determination of the consolidated income tax expense. 
 Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and its reported amounts in the financial statements, which will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets in the jurisdiction from which they arise, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies and results of recent operations. 
 We believe that it is more likely than not that the benefit from certain U.S. federal, state and foreign net operating loss, and credit carryforwards will not be realized. In recognition of this risk, we have provided a valuation allowance of 33.1 million on the deferred tax assets related to these carryforwards. 
 We (1) record unrecognized tax benefits as liabilities in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 740, Income Taxes ("ASC 740") and (2) adjust these liabilities when our judgment changes as a result of the evaluation 
 30 

Table of Contents 

of new information not previously available. Because of the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the unrecognized tax benefit liabilities. These differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which new information is available. 
 Extended Product Warranty Reserves 
 We offer extended warranty contracts on sales of certain products, the most significant being those offered on our installed roofing and weatherproofing systems within the CCM and CWT segments. Current costs of services performed under these contracts are expensed as incurred. We also record an additional loss and a corresponding reserve if the total expected costs of providing services under the contract exceed unamortized deferred revenues equal to such excess. We estimate total expected warranty costs using actuarially derived estimates of future costs of servicing the warranties. The key inputs that are utilized to develop these estimates include historical claims experience by type of product, location, and labor and material costs. The estimates of the volume and severity of these claims and associated costs are dependent upon the above assumptions and future results could differ from our current expectations. We currently do not have any material loss reserves recorded associated with our extended product warranties. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 EBIT, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
 Earnings before interest and taxes ("EBIT"), adjusted EBIT, adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") and adjusted EBITDA margin are intended to provide investors and others with information about our performance and our segments' performance without the effect of items that, by their nature, tend to obscure core operating results due to potential variability across periods based on the timing, frequency and magnitude of such items. As a result, management believes that these measures enhance the ability of investors to analyze trends in our business and evaluate our performance relative to similarly-situated companies. This information differs from net income, operating income, and operating margin determined in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance determined in accordance with GAAP. Our and our segments' EBIT, adjusted EBIT, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin follows. These non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. 
 December 31, (in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Net income (GAAP) 924.0 421.7 Less: (loss) income from discontinued operations (GAAP) (1.2) 34.7 Income from continuing operations (GAAP) 925.2 387.0 Provision for income taxes 270.4 95.5 Interest expense, net 85.9 80.3 Interest income (7.1) (1.2) EBIT 1,274.4 561.6 Exit and disposal, and facility rationalization costs 5.8 17.1 Inventory step-up amortization and acquisition costs 4.4 26.4 Impairment charges 25.3 5.0 Losses from acquisitions and disposals 0.8 4.7 (Gains) losses from insurance (1.1) 0.4 Losses from litigation 2.1 0.4 Total non-comparable items 37.3 54.0 Adjusted EBIT 1,311.7 615.6 Depreciation 96.7 86.4 Amortization 154.6 131.5 Adjusted EBITDA 1,563.0 833.5 Divided by: Total revenues 6,591.9 4,810.3 Adjusted EBITDA margin 23.7 17.3 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 (in millions, except percentages) CCM CWT CIT CFT Corporate and unallocated Operating income (loss) (GAAP) 1,175.0 128.6 37.2 36.5 (101.6) Non-operating expense (income), net (1) 
 2.0 0.8 (1.0) (0.5) EBIT 1,173.0 127.8 38.2 36.5 (101.1) Exit and disposal, and facility rationalization costs 0.1 0.1 5.4 0.2 Inventory step-up amortization and acquisition costs 0.1 4.3 Impairment charges 25.0 0.3 Losses (gains) from acquisitions and disposals 0.3 0.7 (0.2) Losses (gains) from insurance 0.3 (1.4) Losses from litigation 2.0 0.1 Total non-comparable items 0.1 25.7 8.1 (1.1) 4.5 Adjusted EBIT 1,173.1 153.5 46.3 35.4 (96.6) Depreciation 38.7 24.1 24.5 5.7 3.7 Amortization 16.9 73.0 47.3 15.2 2.2 Adjusted EBITDA 1,228.7 250.6 118.1 56.3 (90.7) Divided by: Total revenues 3,885.2 1,564.2 845.4 297.1 Adjusted EBITDA margin 31.6 16.0 14.0 18.9 NM 
 (1) Includes other non-operating (income) expense, net, which may be presented in separate line items on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 (in millions, except percentages) CCM CWT CIT CFT Corporate and unallocated Operating income (loss) (GAAP) 619.9 64.4 (17.5) 24.0 (123.3) Non-operating expense (income), net (1) 
 2.5 (0.4) (0.2) 1.6 2.4 EBIT 617.4 64.8 (17.3) 22.4 (125.7) Exit and disposal, and facility rationalization costs 0.1 0.4 15.5 0.9 0.2 Inventory step-up amortization and acquisition costs 24.4 0.1 1.9 Impairment charges 1.8 3.2 Losses from acquisitions and disposals 2.2 0.4 0.2 1.9 Losses (gains) from insurance 0.3 0.4 (0.3) Losses from litigation 0.3 0.1 Total non-comparable items 2.6 25.2 18.0 0.9 7.3 Adjusted EBIT 620.0 90.0 0.7 23.3 (118.4) Depreciation 36.6 15.7 24.9 5.5 3.7 Amortization 16.1 45.6 50.2 17.6 2.0 Adjusted EBITDA 672.7 151.3 75.8 46.4 (112.7) Divided by: Total revenues 2,846.2 990.5 687.8 285.8 Adjusted EBITDA margin 23.6 15.3 11.0 16.2 NM 
 (1) Includes other non-operating (income) expense, net, which may be presented in separate line items on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Year ended December 31, 2020 (in millions, except percentages) CCM CWT CIT CFT Corporate and unallocated Operating income (loss) (GAAP) 524.2 57.4 (2.1) 5.3 (97.0) Non-operating expense (income), net (1) 
 3.4 0.4 (0.2) (5.1) 13.2 EBIT 520.8 57.0 (1.9) 10.4 (110.2) Exit and disposal, and facility rationalization costs 0.4 0.6 16.4 3.7 Inventory step-up amortization and acquisition costs 0.2 (0.1) 0.4 0.5 3.4 Impairment charges 6.0 Losses (gains) from acquisitions and disposals 3.1 3.9 (2.9) (0.1) Gains from insurance (0.7) Losses on extinguishment of debt 8.8 Total non-comparable items 3.7 3.7 22.8 1.3 12.1 Adjusted EBIT 524.5 60.7 20.9 11.7 (98.1) Depreciation 35.6 12.6 25.2 5.6 3.1 Amortization 16.3 33.5 52.3 17.8 0.7 Adjusted EBITDA 576.4 106.8 98.4 35.1 (94.3) Divided by: Total revenues 2,335.4 660.2 731.6 242.7 Adjusted EBITDA margin 24.7 16.2 13.4 14.5 NM 
 (1) Includes other non-operating (income) expense, net, which may be presented in separate line items on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. 
 
 Outlook 
 Revenues 
 Our expectations for segment revenues in 2023 follows: 
 2023 Revenue 
 Primary Drivers Carlisle Construction Materials Low single-digit growth Strong re-roofing activity 
 Pricing to the value of the Carlisle Experience 
 Increasing demand for energy-efficient building products 
 Carlisle Weatherproofing Technologies Low double-digit decline Headwinds in residential markets 
 Partially offset by continued channel penetration and more resilient commercial repair remodel demand 
 Carlisle Interconnect Technologies High single-digit growth Increasing demand in commercial aerospace and medical markets 
 Backlog growing 
 Carlisle Fluid Technologies High single-digit growth New product traction and positive pricing 
 Backlog growing 
 Total Carlisle Low single-digit growth 
 Cash Flows 
 Our priorities for the use of cash are to invest in growth and performance improvement opportunities for our existing businesses through capital expenditures, pursue strategic acquisitions that meet our stockholder return criteria, pay dividends to stockholders and return value to stockholders through share repurchases. 
 Capital expenditures in 2023 are expected to be approximately 200 million to 225 million, which primarily includes continued investments in CCM and CWT. Planned capital expenditures for 2023 include new product and capacity expansion, business sustaining projects and cost reduction efforts. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements generally use words such as "expect," "foresee," 
 33 

Table of Contents 

"anticipate," "believe," "project," "should," "estimate," "will," "plans," "intends," "forecast," and similar expressions, and reflect our expectations concerning the future. Such statements are made based on known events and circumstances at the time of publication and, as such, are subject in the future to unforeseen risks and uncertainties. It is possible that our future performance may differ materially from current expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements, due to a variety of factors such as: increasing price and product/service competition by foreign and domestic competitors, including new entrants; technological developments and changes; the ability to continue to introduce competitive new products and services on a timely, cost-effective basis; our mix of products/services; increases in raw material costs that cannot be recovered in product pricing; domestic and foreign governmental and public policy changes including environmental and industry regulations; the ability to meet our goals relating to our intended reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, including our net zero commitments; threats associated with and efforts to combat terrorism; protection and validity of patent and other intellectual property rights; the identification of strategic acquisition targets and our successful completion of any transaction and integration of our strategic acquisitions; our successful completion of strategic dispositions; the cyclical nature of our businesses; the impact of information technology, cybersecurity or data security breaches at our businesses or third parties; the outcome of pending and future litigation and governmental proceedings; risks from the global COVID-19 pandemic, including, for example, expectations regarding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our businesses, including on customer demand, supply chains and distribution systems, production, our ability to maintain appropriate labor levels, our ability to ship products to our customers, our future results, or our full-year financial outlook; and the other factors discussed in the reports we file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. In addition, such statements could be affected by general industry and market conditions and growth rates, the condition of the financial and credit markets and general domestic and international economic conditions, including inflation and interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations. Further, any conflict in the international arena, including the Russian invasion of Ukraine, may adversely affect general market conditions and our future performance. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which that statement is made, and we undertake no duty to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances, including unanticipated events, after the date on which that statement is made, unless otherwise required by law. New factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict all of those factors, nor can it assess the impact of each of those factors on the business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We are exposed to market risk in the form of changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices for raw materials. We may, from time to time, enter into derivative financial instruments to manage these risks; however, we do not utilize such instruments or contracts for speculative or trading purposes. In the event that we enter into a derivative financial instrument, it is possible that such future dated contracts could no longer serve as a hedge if the projected cash flow does not occur as anticipated at the time of contract initiation. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to interest rate risks as a result of our borrowing and investing activities, which principally includes long-term borrowings used to maintain liquidity and to fund our business operations and capital requirements. We may enter into interest rate swaps from time to time to manage our mix of fixed and variable interest rate debt effectively. We may enter into other interest rate derivatives such as treasury locks or zero cost collars to manage forecasted interest rates associated with bond offerings. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no interest rate swaps or other derivative instruments in place and, at both dates, all of our long-term debt was fixed-rate and U.S. Dollar denominated. We also have a 1.0 billion revolving credit facility that allows for borrowings at a variable interest rate. We had no outstanding borrowings under this facility as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The nature and amount of our long-term debt may vary from time to time as a result of business requirements, market conditions and other factors. We consider the risk to our results of operations from changes in market rates of interest to be minimal as our interest bearing debt instruments are fixed-rate. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 A portion of our operating cash flows are denominated in foreign currencies. As such we are exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We are primarily exposed to the exchange rates of currencies including the Chinese Renminbi, Euro, British Pound, Mexican Peso, Canadian Dollar and Japanese Yen. We continually evaluate our foreign currency exposure based on current market conditions and the locations in which we conduct our business. We manage most of our foreign currency exposure on a consolidated basis, which allows 
 34 

Table of Contents 

us to net certain exposures and take advantage of natural offsets. In order to mitigate foreign currency risk, we may, from time to time, enter into derivative financial instruments, generally foreign currency forward contracts, to hedge the cash flows related to certain foreign currency denominated sales and purchase transactions expected in the near term and the related recognized trade receivable or payable. The gains and losses on these contracts offset changes in the value of the related exposures. It is our policy to enter into foreign currency derivative financial instruments only to the extent considered necessary to meet the objectives set forth above. We generally do not hedge the risk of foreign currency net investments into U.S. Dollars for financial reporting. 
 We had foreign exchange contracts with maturities less than one year for instruments that are designated and qualify as an accounting cash flow hedge with an aggregate U.S. Dollar equivalent notional value of 87.9 million and 127.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The gross fair value was 0.7 million and 2.7 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of the contracts is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and is recognized in operating income when the underlying forecasted transaction impacts earnings. We also had foreign exchange contracts with maturities less than one year for instruments that are not designed as a cash flow hedge, but nonetheless are entered into as an economic hedge of certain foreign currency risk with an aggregate U.S. Dollar equivalent notional value of 124.3 million and 82.5 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The gross fair value was (0.3) million and 0.2 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The unrealized gains and losses resulting from these contracts are not significant and are recognized in other non-operating expense, net and partially offset corresponding foreign exchange gains and losses on the underlying items being economically hedged. 
 The near-term sensitivity of these contracts to changes in foreign currency exchange rates is also minimal as they are scheduled to mature within 12 months. Further, changes in the fair value of these contracts will be offset by changes in the cash flows of the underlying foreign currency denominated sales, purchases, assets and liabilities which the contracts are intended to mitigate (both accounting and economic hedges). 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 We continually address the impact of changes in commodity prices on our results of operations and cash flow. Our exposure to changes in commodity prices is principally indirect as we do not directly purchase exchange-traded commodities, but rather purchase raw materials that are a result of further downstream processing (as noted in Item 1 of this Form 10-K), primarily inputs resulting from processing crude oil, natural gas, iron ore, gold, silver and copper. We generally manage the risk of changes in commodity prices that impact our raw material costs by seeking to (i) offset increased costs through increases in prices, (ii) alter the nature and mix of raw materials used to manufacture our finished goods or (iii) enter into commodity-linked sales or purchase contracts, all to the extent possible based on competitive and other economic factors. We may also from time to time enter into derivative financial instruments to mitigate such impact; however, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no derivative financial instruments in place. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Carlisle Companies Incorporated 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Carlisle Companies Incorporated (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 16, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Goodwill CFT CIT Medical Reporting Units Refer to Notes 1 and 12 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company s evaluation of goodwill for impairment involves the comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. The Company determines the fair value of its reporting units using the income approach utilizing the discounted cash flow method and market approach utilizing the public company market multiple method. The determination of the fair value using the discounted cash flow method requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to forecasts of future revenues and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA) margins, and the discount rates. The determination of the fair value using the market approach requires management to make significant assumptions related to market revenue multiples and EBITDA multiples from within a peer public company group. The fair values of the CFT and CIT Medical reporting units exceeded their carrying values and, therefore, no impairment was recognized. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Given the significant judgments management makes to estimate the fair value of the CFT and CIT Medical reporting units, performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions related to forecasts of future revenues and EBITDA margins, selection of the discount rates, and the selection of multiples applied to revenue and EBITDA required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the forecasts of future revenues and EBITDA margins forecasts ), the selection of the discount rates, and the selection of comparable market revenue and EBITDA multiples for the CFT and CIT Medical reporting units included the following procedures: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over management s goodwill impairment evaluation, including those over the determination of the fair value of the CFT and CIT Medical reporting units, such as controls related to management s forecasts and the selection of discount rates and comparable market revenue and EBITDA multiples. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management s forecasts by comparing the forecasts to (1) historical results of the Company and its industry, (2) internal communications to management, and (3) forecasted information included in industry reports of the Company and companies in its peer groups. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the discount rates, including testing the underlying source information and the mathematical accuracy of the calculations, and developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rates selected by management. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the revenue and EBITDA multiples, including testing the underlying source information and mathematical accuracy of the calculations, and evaluating the appropriateness of the Company s selection of companies in its peer public company groups. 
 /s/ 
 
 February 16, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Carlisle Companies Incorporated 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Carlisle Companies Incorporated (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 16, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 As described in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management excluded from its assessment the internal control over financial reporting at MBTechnology MB Tech which was acquired on February 1, 2022 and whose financial statements constitute less than 1 of total assets and revenues of the consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Accordingly, our audit did not include the internal control over financial reporting of MB Tech. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 Tempe, Arizona 
 February 16, 2023 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Carlisle Companies Incorporated 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income Years Ended December 31, (in millions, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Cost of goods sold Selling and administrative expenses Research and development expenses Other operating expense (income), net ) Operating income Interest expense, net Loss on extinguishment of debt Interest income ) ) ) Other non-operating expense, net Income from continuing operations before income taxes Provision for income taxes Income from continuing operations Discontinued operations: (Loss) income before income taxes ) ) Benefit from income taxes ) ) ) (Loss) income from discontinued operations ) ) Net income Basic earnings per share attributable to common shares: Income from continuing operations (Loss) income from discontinued operations ) ) Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share attributable to common shares: Income from continuing operations (Loss) income from discontinued operations ) ) Diluted earnings per share Average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted Comprehensive income: Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income: Foreign currency (losses) gains ) ) Amortization of unrecognized net periodic benefit costs, net of tax ) Other, net of tax ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Comprehensive income 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Carlisle Companies Incorporated 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets (in millions, except par values) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net Inventories, net Contract assets Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued and other current liabilities Current portion of debt Contract liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities: Long-term debt, less current portion Contract liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total long-term liabilities Stockholders' equity: Preferred stock, par value per share shares authorized and unissued) 
 Common stock, par value per share shares authorized; and shares outstanding, respectively) 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury shares, at cost and shares, respectively) 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Carlisle Companies Incorporated 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities: Net income Reconciliation of net income to cash flows provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation Amortization Lease expense Stock-based compensation Loss on extinguishment of debt Deferred taxes ) ) ) Other operating activities, net Changes in assets and liabilities, excluding effects of acquisitions: Receivables ) ) Inventories ) ) Contract assets ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued and other current liabilities ) Contract liabilities Other long-term liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Proceed from sale of discontinued operation, net of cash disposed Capital expenditures ) ) ) Investment in securities ) Other investing activities, net Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities: Proceeds from notes Repayments of notes ) ) Borrowings from revolving credit facility Repayments of revolving credit facility ) ) Financing costs ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Withholding tax paid related to stock-based compensation ) ) ) Other financing activities, net ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 ) ) Change in cash and cash equivalents ) Less: change in cash and cash equivalents of discontinued operations ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Carlisle Companies Incorporated 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (in millions, except per share amounts) Common Stock Outstanding Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Shares in Treasury Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Cost Balance as of January 1, 2020 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Dividends - per share 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Issuances and deferrals, net for stock-based compensation (1) 
 ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Dividends - per share 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Issuances and deferrals, net for stock-based compensation (1) 
 ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Dividends - per share 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Issuances and deferrals, net for stock-based compensation (1) 
 ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 (1) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Note 1 
 segments organized around its products and applications for the sustainable building envelope. The segments are CCM and CWT. No changes have been made to either of the Company s other segments CIT or CFT. The Company has reclassified certain prior periods' amounts to conform with the current presentation by reportable segment in Note 1 Summary of Accounting Policies, Note 2 Segment Information, Note 6 Revenue Recognition, Note 8 Exit and Disposal Activities and Note 12 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, net, as a result of the Company's change in management structure. Additionally, the Company reclassified certain prior periods' amounts to conform with the current presentation of the rate reconciliation in Note 9 Income Taxes to present foreign earnings taxed at different rates and return to provision adjustments within other, net. 

Refer to Note 4 for additional information. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

years. The weighted average life of the contracts as of December 31, 2022, is approximately years. 
 The Company recognizes revenue over-time for certain contracts that provide for the manufacture of highly customized products with no alternative use and provide the Company the right to payment for work performed to date, including a normal margin for that effort. 
 Refer to Note 6 for further information on revenue recognition. 
 Costs to Obtain a Contract 
 Costs of obtaining or fulfilling a contract are recognized as expense as incurred, as the amortization period of these costs would be one year or less. These costs generally include sales commissions and are included in selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 Shipping and Handling Costs 
 Costs incurred to physically transfer product to customer locations are recorded as a component of cost of goods sold. Charges passed on to customers are recorded into revenues. 

44 

Table of Contents 

Current period provision ) Amounts acquired Amounts written off ) ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Current period provision ) Amounts written off ) ) ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Refer to Note 10 for further information regarding inventories. 
 
 to years for buildings, five to years for machinery and equipment and two to years for leasehold improvements. Leasehold improvements are amortized based on the shorter of the underlying lease term or the asset s estimated useful life. Refer to Note 11 for further information regarding property, plant and equipment. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

reporting units, CCM Commercial Roofing, CCM Architectural Metals, CCM Europe and CWT, in conjunction with the Company's re-segmentation in early 2022 and to align with the segment managers' review of the business. The goodwill previously assigned to the CCM reporting unit was allocated to the new reporting units based on their relative fair values. As such, the Company determined it has reporting units and reportable segments. 
 Refer to Note 12 for additional information regarding goodwill and other intangible assets. 
 
 Refer to Note 6 and Note 13 for additional information regarding deferred revenue and extended product warranties. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

. If actual experience differs from these long-term assumptions, the difference is recorded as an actuarial gain (loss) and amortized into earnings over a period of time based on the average future service period, which may cause the expense related to providing these benefits to increase or decrease. Refer to Note 15 for additional information regarding these plans and the associated plan assets. 
 Refer to Note 17 for additional information regarding leases. 
 Refer to Note 17 for additional information regarding contingencies and insurance recoveries. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Refer to Note 18 for a description of the Company's current derivative instrument and hedging activities. 
 
 Note 2 
 segments, each of which represents a reportable segment as follows: 
 Carlisle Construction Materials ("CCM") this segment produces a complete line of premium single-ply roofing products and warranted roof systems and accessories for the commercial building industry, including ethylene propylene diene monomer EPDM ), thermoplastic polyolefin TPO and polyvinyl chloride PVC membrane, polyiso insulation, and engineered metal roofing and wall panel systems for commercial and residential buildings. 
 Carlisle Weatherproofing Technologies ("CWT") this segment produces building envelope solutions that effectively drive energy efficiency and sustainability in commercial and residential applications. Products include high-performance waterproofing and moisture protection products, protective roofing underlayments, fully integrated liquid and sheet applied air/vapor barriers, sealants/primers and flashing systems, roof coatings and mastics, spray polyurethane foam and coating systems for a wide variety of thermal protection applications and other premium polyurethane products, block-molded expanded polystyrene insulation, engineered products for HVAC applications, and premium rubber products for a variety of industrial and surfacing applications. 
 Carlisle Interconnect Technologies ("CIT") this segment produces high-performance wire and cable, including optical fiber, for the commercial aerospace, military and defense electronics, medical device, industrial, and test and measurement markets. CIT's product portfolio also includes sensors, connectors, contacts, cable assemblies, complex harnesses, racks, trays and installation kits, in addition to engineering and certification services. CIT also provides medical device products and solutions for several medical technology applications. 
 Carlisle Fluid Technologies CFT this segment produces highly engineered liquid, powder, sealants and adhesives finishing equipment and integrated system solutions for spraying, pumping, mixing, metering and curing of a variety of coatings used in the automotive manufacture, general industrial, protective coating, wood, specialty and automotive refinishing markets. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Carlisle Weatherproofing Technologies Carlisle Interconnect Technologies Carlisle Fluid Technologies Segment Total 
 Corporate and unallocated (1) 
 ) Total 2021 Carlisle Construction Materials Carlisle Weatherproofing Technologies Carlisle Interconnect Technologies ) Carlisle Fluid Technologies Segment Total 
 Corporate and unallocated (1) 
 ) Discontinued operations Total 2020 Carlisle Construction Materials Carlisle Weatherproofing Technologies Carlisle Interconnect Technologies ) Carlisle Fluid Technologies Segment Total 
 Corporate and unallocated (1) 
 ) Discontinued operations Total 
 (1) Corporate operating loss includes other unallocated costs, primarily general corporate expenses. 
 The Company does not report total assets by segment as this is not a metric used to allocate resources or evaluate segment performance. 
 Geographic Area Information 
 International: Europe Asia Mexico United Kingdom Other Total long-lived assets 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

International: Europe Asia and Middle East North America (excluding U.S.) Africa Other Total international Total revenues 
 2021 (in millions) CCM CWT CIT CFT Total United States International: Europe Asia and Middle East North America (excluding U.S.) Africa Other Total international Total revenues 
 2020 (in millions) CCM CWT CIT CFT Total United States International: Europe Asia and Middle East North America (excluding U.S.) Africa Other Total international Total revenues 
 
 Customer Information 
 Revenues from Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. accounted for approximately , and of the Company s consolidated revenues during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Additionally, revenues from ABC Supply Co. accounted for approximately , and of the Company's consolidated revenues during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Sales to both of these customers originate in the CCM and CWT segments. other customers accounted for 10.0 or more of the Company s total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Note 3 
 of the equity of MBTechnology MBTech ), for consideration of million, including million of cash acquired and post-closing adjustments, which were finalized in the second quarter of 2022. MBTech is a manufacturer of energy-efficient roofing and underlayment systems for residential and commercial applications. 
 For the period from February 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022, the related product lines contributed revenues of million and operating income of million. The results of operations of MBTech are reported within the CWT segment. 
 Consideration of million has been allocated to goodwill, of which is deductible for tax purposes. All of the goodwill was preliminarily assigned to the CCM reporting unit, which was divided into reporting units in 2022 with goodwill allocated to the new reporting units based on their relative fair values. Consideration of million has been allocated to customer relationships, with a useful life of , million to property, plant and equipment, million to inventory, million to accounts receivable and million to accounts payable. 
 2021 Acquisitions 
 ASP Henry Holdings, Inc 
 On September 1, 2021, the Company acquired ASP Henry Holdings, Inc. Henry ), a leading provider of building envelope systems, for consideration of million, including million of cash acquired and post-closing adjustments, which were finalized in the fourth quarter of 2021. The Company funded the acquisition with borrowings from its Revolving Credit Facility (the "Facility") and cash on hand. The Company subsequently repaid the borrowings from the Facility with proceeds from its public offering of million in aggregate principal amount of its senior notes due in September 2023 and million in aggregate principal amount of its senior notes due in March 2032 (refer to Note 14). 
 Henry contributed revenues of million and operating income of million for the period from September 1, 2021, to December 31, 2021. Operating income for the period from September 1, 2021, to December 31, 2021, includes million of incremental cost of goods sold related to measuring inventory at fair value, and million and million of amortization expense of customer relationships and acquired technology, respectively. 
 The Henry amounts included in the pro forma financial information below are based on Henry s historical results and therefore may not be indicative of the actual results if Henry had been owned by the Company on January 1, 2020. The pro forma adjustments represent management s best estimates based on information available at the time the pro forma information was prepared and may differ from the adjustments that may have been required had the Company owned Henry on January 1, 2020. Accordingly, pro forma information should not be relied upon as being indicative of the historical results that would have been realized had the acquisition occurred as of January 1, 2020 or the results that may be achieved in the future. 
 Income from continuing operations, net of tax 
 The pro forma financial information reflects adjustments to Henry's historical financial information to apply the Company's accounting policies and to reflect the additional depreciation and amortization related to the fair value adjustments of the acquired net assets of million and million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, together with the associated tax effects. The pro forma financial information also reflects cost of goods sold related to the fair valuation of inventory described above, and million of acquisition-related costs primarily related to professional fees, as if they occurred in 2020. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

) Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net Inventories ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property, plant and equipment Other intangible assets Other long-term assets Accounts payable ) ) Accrued and other current liabilities ) ) ) Short-term debt ) ) Contract liabilities ) ) Other long-term debt ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) ) Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Total identifiable net assets Goodwill ) 
 The goodwill recognized in the acquisition of Henry is attributable to its significant supply chain efficiencies, other administrative opportunities and the strategic value of the business to Carlisle, in addition to opportunities for product line expansions. The Company acquired million of gross contractual accounts receivable, of which million was not expected to be collected at the date of acquisition. Goodwill of million is tax deductible in the United States. All of the goodwill was preliminarily assigned to the CCM reporting unit, which was divided into reporting units in 2022 with goodwill allocated to the new reporting units based on their relative fair values. 
 Technologies Software Indefinite-lived trade name N/A Total 
 The Company has also recorded, as part of the purchase price allocation, deferred tax liabilities primarily related to intangible assets of approximately million. 
 2020 Acquisitions 
 Motion Tech Automation, LLC 
 On July 22, 2020, the Company acquired of the equity of Motion Tech Automation, LLC for consideration of million, including million of cash acquired and post-closing adjustments, which were finalized in the third quarter of 2020. The acquired products and services include sensors, manufacturing services, distribution services and engineering services to packaging and label, life sciences, semiconductor, fluid handling, and test and measurement customers. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

million and an operating loss of million to the Company's consolidated results. The results of operations of the acquired business are reported within the CIT and CFT segments. 
 Consideration of million has been allocated to goodwill, million to definite-lived intangible assets, million to inventory, million to accounts receivable and million to accounts payable. In accordance with the purchase agreement, Carlisle is indemnified for up to million, and recorded an indemnification asset of million in other long-term assets, relating to certain pre-acquisition debt and tax withholdings liabilities. During the second quarter of 2021, the pre-acquisition debt of million was relieved along with the corresponding indemnification asset. 
 Customer relationships Trade names Total 
 All of the million value allocated to goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill of million, million and million has been assigned to the CCM, CIT and CFT reporting units, respectively. The CCM reporting unit was divided into reporting units in 2022 and the CIT reporting unit was divided into reporting units in 2021, with goodwill allocated to the new reporting units based on their relative fair values. 
 
 Note 4 
 million at closing, subject to certain adjustments, and (ii) the right to receive up to an additional million based on CBF's achievement of certain performance targets. On February 23, 2022, the Company received million in cash for the full amount of the contingent consideration. The sale of CBF is consistent with the Company's optimization strategy, as laid out in Vision 2025. 
 Cost of goods sold Other operating expenses, net Operating income (loss) ) Other non-operating expense, net Income (loss) from discontinued operations before income taxes and loss on sale ) Loss on sale of discontinued operations Income (loss) from discontinued operations before income taxes ) Benefit from income taxes ) ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations ) 
 53 

Table of Contents 

Cost of goods sold Other operating expenses, net Operating loss ) ) ) Other non-operating income, net ) ) Loss from discontinued operations before income taxes ) ) ) Benefit from income taxes ) ) ) Loss from discontinued operations ) ) ) 
 Loss from discontinued operations in 2022 primarily reflects losses related to legal matters from previously disposed businesses, partially offset by a gain on the sale of real estate associated with the 2021 sale of the CBF segment. 
 A summary of cash flows from discontinued operations included in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows follows: 
 (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Net cash used in financing activities (1) 
 ) ) ) Change in cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations ) ) Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations at end of period 
 (1) Represents repayments to the Carlisle cash pool to fund working capital and capital expenditures and return of capital upon sale. 
 
 Note 5 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Less: dividends declared 
 Undistributed earnings Percent allocated to common stockholders (1) 
 Undistributed earnings allocated to common stockholders Add: dividends declared to common shares, restricted share units and vested and deferred restricted and performance shares 
 Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders 
 Shares: Basic weighted-average shares outstanding Effect of dilutive securities: Performance awards Stock options Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 
 Per share income from continuing operations attributable to common shares: 
 Basic Diluted (1) 
 Basic weighted-average shares outstanding 
 Basic weighted-average shares outstanding and unvested restricted shares expected to vest 
 Percent allocated to common stockholders) ) Net income attributable to common stockholders for basic and diluted earnings per share 
 Anti-dilutive stock options excluded from earnings per share calculation (1) 
 
 (1) Represents stock options excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share as such options assumed proceeds upon exercise would result in the repurchase of more shares than the underlying award. 
 
 Note 6 
 55 

Table of Contents 

Products and services transferred over time 
 Total revenues 
 2021 (in millions) CCM CWT CIT CFT Total Products transferred at a point in time Products and services transferred over time 
 Total revenues 
 2020 (in millions) CCM CWT CIT CFT Total Products transferred at a point in time Products and services transferred over time 
 Total revenues 
 
 The Company has applied the practical expedient to not disclose information about remaining performance obligations that have original expected durations of one year or less. 
 Contract Balances 
 Revenue recognized ) ) ) Revenue deferred Acquired liabilities Balance as of December 31 
 Contract assets relate to the Company's right to payment for performance completed to date under a contract, primarily related to highly customized product contracts within the CIT and CFT segments. Accounts receivable are recorded when the right to payment becomes unconditional, which generally occurs over twelve months or less. A summary of the change in contract assets follows: 
 (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Balance as of January 1 Balance as of December 31 Change in contract assets ) ) 
 The change in contract assets for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily reflects recognition of revenue exceeding billings of million, partially offset by currency translation and other of million. The change in contract assets for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily reflects billings exceeding the recognition of revenue of million, partially offset by currency translation and other of million. The change in contract assets for the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily reflects billings exceeding the recognition of revenue of 
 56 

Table of Contents 

million and measurement period adjustments, net of acquired contracts assets, of million, partially offset by currency translation and other adjustments of million. 
 Revenues by End-Market 
 Aerospace Medical Transportation Heavy equipment General industrial and other Total revenues 
 2021 (in millions) CCM CWT CIT CFT Total General construction Aerospace Medical Transportation Heavy equipment General industrial and other Total revenues 
 2020 (in millions) CCM CWT CIT CFT Total General construction Aerospace Medical Transportation Heavy equipment General industrial and other Total revenues 
 
 Note 7 
 million shares remained available for issuance under the Program, and million of those shares were available for grant as restricted shares, performance shares or other full value awards. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company awarded thousand stock options, thousand restricted stock awards and thousand performance share awards as part of the Program with an aggregate grant-date fair value of approximately million to be recognized over the requisite service period for each award. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

Restricted stock awards Performance share awards Restricted stock units Stock appreciation rights Total stock-based compensation cost incurred Capitalized cost during the period ) ) ) Amortization of capitalized cost during the period Total stock-based compensation expense Income tax benefit 
 In 2022, Carlisle's Board of Directors (the "Board") authorized a broad-based grant of stock options to U.S. employees. This grant contributed million to stock-based compensation costs for the year ended December 31, 2022. million of compensation cost was capitalized to inventory as of December 31, 2022. Inventory is recognized in costs of goods sold when that related inventory is sold. 
 In 2018, the Board authorized a broad-based grant of stock options to U.S. employees and stock appreciation rights to employees outside of the U.S. This grant contributed million and million to stock-based compensation costs for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Stock Option Awards 
 Stock options awarded under the Program generally vest on a straight-line basis over a period on the anniversary date of the grant. All stock options have a maximum contractual term of years. Shares issued to cover stock options issued under the Program may be issued from shares held in treasury, from new issuances of shares or a combination of the two. Unrecognized compensation cost from continuing operations related to stock options of million as of December 31, 2022, is to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 The Company utilizes the Black-Scholes-Merton BSM option pricing model to determine the fair value of its stock options. The BSM relies on certain assumptions to estimate an option s fair value. 
 Expected term (in years) 
 Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Weighted-average grant date fair value (per share) 
 Fair value of options granted 
 The expected term of a stock option is based on the assumption that all outstanding stock options will be exercised at the midpoint of the valuation date (if vested) or the vesting dates (if unvested) and the stock options expiration date. The expected volatility is based on historical volatility, as well as implied volatility of the Company s call options. The risk-free interest rate is based on rates of U.S. Treasury issues with a remaining life equal to the expected term of the stock option. The expected dividend yield is based on the latest quarterly dividend payment per share, annualized, divided by the average three-month stock price as of the date of grant. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

Options granted Options exercised ) Options forfeited / expired ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Vested and exercisable as of December 31, 2022 
 Additional information related to stock option activity during the years ended December 31 follows: 
 (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Intrinsic value of options exercised 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 Restricted stock awarded under the Program is generally released to the recipient after a period of approximately . Unrecognized compensation cost from continuing operations related to restricted stock of million as of December 31, 2022, is to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Shares granted Shares vested ) Shares forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 Additional information related to restricted stock award activity during the years ended December 31 follows: 
 (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Weighted-average grant date fair value (per share) Intrinsic value of restricted stock exercised 
 Performance Share Awards 
 Performance shares are granted for a performance period, after which the actual number of performance shares earned by an employee is determined by the Company's attainment of a management objective which is based on the Company s relative total stockholder return versus the S P Midcap 400 Index over a time period. Unrecognized compensation cost from continuing operations related to performance share awards of million as of December 31, 2022, is to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 For purposes of determining diluted earnings per share, the performance share awards are considered contingently issuable shares and are included in diluted earnings per share based upon the number of shares that would have been awarded had the conditions at the end of the reporting period continued until the end of the performance period. See Note 5 for further information regarding earnings per share computations. 
 The Company utilizes the Monte-Carlo simulation approach based on a measurement period to determine the fair value of performance shares. Such approach entails the use of assumptions regarding the future performance of the Company s stock and those of the S P Midcap 400 Index . Those assumptions include expected volatility, risk-free interest rates, correlation coefficients and dividend reinvestment. Dividends accrue on the performance shares during the performance period and are to be paid in cash based upon the number of awards ultimately earned. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

Awards granted Awards vested ) Awards converted Awards forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 Additional information related to performance share activity during the years ended December 31 follows: 
 (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Weighted-average grant date fair value (per share) Intrinsic value of performance share awards exercised 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Up to and including February 4, 2020, restricted stock units were awarded to eligible directors which are fully vested and expensed upon grant date. The restricted stock units are paid in shares of Company common stock after the director ceases to serve as a member of the Board, or if earlier, upon a change in control of the Company. Effective May 6, 2020, eligible directors are no longer issued restricted stock units, but instead are awarded restricted stock awards that vest on the earlier of (i) from the date of grant; (ii) the director s retirement from the Board upon reaching age or after completing consecutive years of service on the Board; or (iii) a change in control of the Company. 
 Weighted-average grant date fair value (per share) (1) 
 
 (1) Restricted stock units' fair value is based on the closing market price of the stock on the respective dates of the grants. 
 Stock Appreciation Rights 
 Stock appreciation rights issued under the 2018 one-time grant discussed above, vested and were settled in cash on May 2, 2021, for million. 
 Deferred Compensation - Equity 
 Certain employees are eligible to participate in the Company s Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Plan (the Deferred Compensation Plan ). Participants may elect to defer all or part of their restricted and performance shares. Participants have elected to defer an aggregate of thousand and thousand shares of Company common stock as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Company stock held for future issuance of vested awards is classified as additional paid in capital in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and is recorded at vest date fair value. Such deferred shares are included in basic earnings per share. 
 
 Note 8 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

million, primarily for employee termination benefit costs and accelerated depreciation. Total exit and disposal costs are expected to approximate million, with approximately million costs remaining to be incurred in 2023. The projected is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2023. 
 In 2021, the Company completed its project to relocate its manufacturing operations in Kent, Washington, as a result of market declines from the coronavirus pandemic. Select operations were relocated to existing facilities primarily in North America. Cumulative exit and disposal costs of the project totaled million. 
 In 2020, the Company completed its project to relocate its aerospace connectors manufacturing operations in El Segundo, California, and Riverside, California, to existing lower cost operations in North America. Cumulative exit and disposal costs of the project totaled million. 
 Consolidated Summary 
 Employee severance and benefit arrangements Relocation costs Facility cleanup costs ) Other restructuring costs Total exit and disposal costs 
 The Company's exit and disposal costs by segment follows: 
 (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Carlisle Interconnect Technologies Carlisle Weatherproofing Technologies Carlisle Fluid Technologies Carlisle Construction Materials Corporate Total exit and disposal costs 
 The Company's exit and disposal costs by financial statement line item follows: 
 (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Cost of goods sold Selling and administrative expenses Research and development expenses Other operating expense, net Total exit and disposal costs 
 The Company's change in exit and disposal activities liability follows: 
 (in millions) 2022 2021 Balance as of January 1, Charges Settlements ) ) Balance as of December 31, 
 million as of December 31, 2022, primarily relates to employee severance and benefit arrangements and is included in accrued and other current liabilities. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

Note 9 
 Foreign Income from continuing operations before income taxes Discontinued operations: U.S. domestic ) ) ) Foreign (Loss) income from discontinued operations before income taxes ) ) Total income before income taxes 
 Foreign Total current provision Deferred provision (benefit): Federal and state ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total deferred benefit ) ) ) Total provision for income taxes 
 Rate Reconciliation 
 State and local taxes, net of federal income tax benefit Equity compensation windfall ) ) ) Change in unrecognized tax benefit ) ) ) Tax credits ) ) ) Other, net ) Provision for income taxes Effective income tax rate on continuing operations 
 Cash payments for income taxes, net of refunds, were million, million and million, in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

U.S. federal tax attributes Deferred revenue Capitalized research and development costs Lease liabilities U.S. state tax attributes Inventory reserves Warranty reserves Non-U.S. tax attributes Allowance for credit losses Other, net Gross deferred assets Valuation allowances ) ) Deferred tax assets after valuation allowances Intangibles ) ) Property, plant and equipment ) ) Right of use assets ) ) Undistributed foreign earnings ) ) Gross deferred liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as long-term. Foreign deferred tax assets and liabilities are grouped separately from U.S. domestic assets and liabilities and are analyzed on a jurisdictional basis. 
 Other long-term liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 Valuation Allowances 
 As of , 2022 , the Company had foreign tax credit carryforwards for U.S. federal tax purposes of million, which begin to expire in 2025. The Company believes it is likely the credits will expire unused and therefore has established a full valuation allowance. As of , 2022 , the Company also had a deferred tax asset for state tax attributes of approximately million, which begin to expire in 2023, comprised of net operating loss ("NOL"), credits, and capital loss carryforwards. The Company believes that it is likely that the capital losses and certain of the state NOLs will expire unused and therefore has established a valuation allowance of approximately million against the deferred tax assets associated with these attributes. The Company also has deferred tax assets related to carryforwards in foreign jurisdictions of approximately million, comprised of NOL and interest expense carryforwards, which begin to expire in 2023. The Company believes that it is likely that certain foreign NOL carryforwards will expire unused and therefore has established a valuation allowance of approximately million. 
 Undistributed Foreign Earnings 
 The Company has determined that an amount attributable to certain foreign cash balances and other certain assets is not permanently reinvested for withholding tax purposes, which results in an accrual of million. It is not practicable to calculate deferred tax balances on other basis differences. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

Additions based on tax positions related to current year Reductions due to statute of limitations ) ) ) Adjustments related to acquired uncertain tax positions ) Adjustments for tax positions of prior years ) Reductions due to settlements ) Adjustments due to foreign exchange rates ) ) Balance as of December 31 
 If the unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022, were to be recognized, approximately million would impact the Company s effective tax rate. The amount impacting the Company s effective rate is calculated by adding accrued interest and penalties to the gross unrecognized tax benefit excluding positions related to discontinued operations and subtracting the tax benefit associated with state taxes and interest. 
 The Company classifies and reports interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits as a component of the income tax provision on the Consolidated Statements of Income and as a long-term liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The total amount of such interest and penalties accrued, but excluded from the table above, at the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. 
 The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income tax in multiple state and foreign jurisdictions. The Company participates in the IRS compliance assurance program and is currently up to date. 
 Generally, state income tax returns are subject to examination for a period of to after filing. Substantially all material state tax matters have been concluded for tax years through 2016. Various state income tax returns for subsequent years are in the process of examination. At this stage the outcome is uncertain; however, the Company believes that contingencies have been adequately provided for. Statutes of limitation vary among the foreign jurisdictions in which the Company operates. Substantially all foreign tax matters have been concluded for tax years through 2011. The Company believes that foreign tax contingencies associated with income tax examinations underway or open tax years have been provided for adequately. 
 Based on the outcome of certain examinations or as a result of the expiration of statutes of limitations for certain jurisdictions, the Company believes that within the next 12 months it is reasonably possible that previously unrecognized tax benefits could decrease by approximately million to million. These previously unrecognized tax benefits relate to a variety of tax issues including tax matters relating to prior acquisitions and various state matters. 
 Tax Legislation 
 The Inflation Reduction Act IRA was signed into law on August 16, 2022. Among other provisions, the IRA includes a 15 corporate minimum tax applied to large corporations, a 1 excise tax on certain corporate stock repurchases made after December 31, 2022 and various energy tax credit incentives. There are no material impacts from the IRA within the Consolidated Financial Statements for 2022. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the IRA on future years. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

Note 10 
 , 2022 December 31, 2021 Raw materials Work-in-process Finished goods Reserves ) ) Inventories, net 
 
 Note 11 
 Buildings and leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Projects in progress Property, plant and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Capitalized interest totaled million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Note 12 
 Goodwill acquired during year (1), (2) 
 Measurement period adjustments ) ) ) Currency translation and other ) ) ) ) Net balance as of December 31, 2021 Goodwill acquired during year (1) 
 Measurement period adjustments Change in reportable segments (3) 
 ) Currency translation and other ) ) ) Net balance as of December 31, 2022 
 (1) See Note 3 for further information on goodwill resulting from recent acquisitions. 
 (2) In addition to the acquisitions disclosed in Note 3, the Company acquired business for an aggregate purchase price of million during 2020. 
 reporting units. The goodwill previously assigned to the CCM reporting unit was allocated to the new reporting units based on their relative fair values. CCM Commercial Roofing, CCM Architectural Metals and CCM Europe reporting units are within the CCM reportable segment. The CWT reporting unit aligns with the CWT reportable segment. 
 ) ) Technology and intellectual property 
 ) ) Trade names and other ) ) Assets not subject to amortization: Trade names Other intangible assets, net ) ) 
 65 

Table of Contents 

Technology and intellectual property Trade names and other Total assets subject to amortization 
 
 Carlisle Weatherproofing Technologies Carlisle Interconnect Technologies Carlisle Fluid Technologies Corporate Total 

Note 13 
 Compensation and benefits Standard product warranties Income and other accrued taxes Other accrued liabilities Accrued and other current liabilities 
 Standard Product Warranties 
 The Company offers various standard warranty programs on its products, primarily for certain installed roofing systems, weatherproofing systems, high-performance cables and assemblies, and fluid technologies. The Company s liability for such warranty programs is included in accrued expenses. 
 Provision Claims ) ) Foreign exchange ) ) Balance as of December 31 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

Note 14 
 Notes due 2032 
 Notes due 2030 
 Notes due 2027 
 Notes due 2024 
 Notes due 2023 
 Notes due 2022 
 Unamortized discount, debt issuance costs and other ) ) Total long term-debt Less: current portion of debt Long term-debt, less current portion 
 (1) The fair value is estimated based on current yield rates plus the Company s estimated credit spread available for financings with similar terms and maturities. Based on these inputs, debt instruments are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 Notes Due 2032 
 On September 28, 2021, the Company completed a public offering of million in aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes with a stated interest rate of due March 1, 2032 (the 2032 Notes ). The 2032 Notes were issued at a discount of million, resulting in proceeds to the Company of million. The Company incurred costs to issue the 2032 Notes of approximately million, inclusive of credit rating agencies and attorneys fees and other costs. The discount and issuance costs are reflected within long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the life of the 2032 Notes. Interest is payable each March 1 and September 1, commencing March 1, 2022. 
 Notes Due 2030 
 On February 28, 2020, the Company completed a public offering of million of unsecured senior notes with a stated interest rate of due March 1, 2030 (the 2030 Notes ). The 2030 Notes were issued at a discount of million, resulting in proceeds to the Company of million. The Company incurred costs, primarily underwriting fees, to issue the 2030 Notes of approximately million. Additionally in the first quarter of 2020, the Company entered into interest rate derivative instruments to hedge variability in future interest payments on the 2030 Notes of the 10-year US Treasury Rate ("treasury locks"), which were designated as hedges, and settled resulting in a loss of million. The discount and issuance costs of million are reflected net within long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and the loss on treasury locks of million is reflected in accumulated other comprehensive income on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. These costs are amortized to interest expense over the life of the 2030 Notes using the effective interest method. Interest is paid each March 1 and September 1. 
 Notes Due 2027 
 On November 16, 2017, the Company completed a public offering of million of notes with a stated interest rate of due December 1, 2027 (the 2027 Notes ). The 2027 Notes were issued at a discount of million, resulting in proceeds to the Company of million. The Company incurred costs to issue the 2027 Notes of approximately million, inclusive of underwriters , credit rating agencies and attorneys fees and other costs. The discount and issuance costs are amortized to interest expense over the life of the 2027 Notes. Interest is paid each June 1 and December 1. 
 Notes Due 2024 
 On November 16, 2017, the Company completed a public offering of million of notes with a stated interest rate of due December 1, 2024 (the 2024 Notes ). The 2024 Notes were issued at a discount of million, resulting in proceeds to the Company of million. The Company incurred costs to issue the 2024 Notes of approximately million, inclusive of underwriters , credit rating agencies and attorneys fees and other costs. The discount and issuance costs are amortized to interest expense over the life of the 2024 Notes. Interest is paid each June 1 and December 1. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

Notes Due 2023 
 On September 28, 2021, the Company completed a public offering of million in aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes with a stated interest rate of due September 1, 2023 (the 2023 Notes and callable beginning on September 1, 2022. The 2023 Notes were issued at a discount of million, resulting in proceeds to the Company of million. The Company incurred costs to issue the 2023 Notes of approximately million, inclusive of credit rating agencies and attorneys fees and other costs. The discount and issuance costs are reflected within long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the life of the 2023 Notes. Interest is payable each March 1 and September 1, commencing March 1, 2022. 
 Notes Due 2022 
 On November 20, 2012, the Company completed a public offering of million of notes with a stated interest rate of due November 15, 2022 (the 2022 Notes ). The 2022 Notes were issued at a discount of million, resulting in proceeds to the Company of million. The Company incurred costs to issue the 2022 Notes of approximately million, inclusive of underwriters , credit rating agencies and attorneys fees and other costs. Both the discount and issuance costs were amortized to interest expense over the life of the 2022 Notes. Interest was paid each May 15 and November 15. 
 On September 14, 2022, the Company issued a notice for the redemption in full of our outstanding million aggregate principal amount unsecured senior notes due November 15, 2022 (the "2022 Notes"). The 2022 Notes were redeemed on October 17, 2022, at the redemption price of million, including million of interest to the redemption date. 
 Notes Terms and Redemption Features 
 The 2032, 2030, 2027, 2024 and 2023 Notes (collectively, the Notes are presented net of the related discount and debt issuance costs in long-term debt. The Notes may be redeemed at the Company's option, in whole or in part, plus accrued and unpaid interest, at any time prior to the dates stated below, at a price equal to the greater of (i) of the principal amounts; or (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis at the plus a spread (noted below). of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 Notes due 2032 
 December 1, 2031 basis points Notes due 2030 
 December 1, 2029 basis points Notes due 2027 
 September 1, 2027 basis points Notes due 2024 
 October 1, 2024 basis points Notes due 2023 
 September 1, 2022 basis points 
 Upon a change-in-control triggering event, the Company will be required to offer to repurchase the Notes at of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 The Notes are subject to the restrictive covenants and limitations contained in the Company's indenture dated January 15, 1997, as amended. The Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company and rank equally with the Company's existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. The Notes are subordinate to any existing or future debt or other liabilities of the Company's subsidiaries. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 On February 5, 2020, the Company entered into the Company's Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Amendment administered by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. to, among other things, extend the maturity date of the Facility (as defined below) from February 21, 2022, to February 5, 2025. During the first quarter of 2020, the Company incurred million of financing costs to finalize the Amendment, which are recognized ratably over the extended maturity date of the Facility. 
 Additionally, on September 14, 2021, the Company entered into a first amendment to the Amendment (as amended, the "Facility") to, among other things, revise the referenced benchmark interest rates to provide for a successor interest rate to LIBOR due to the cessation of certain LIBOR rates as of December 31, 2021. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

billion and has a feature that allows the Company to increase availability, at its option, by an aggregate amount of up to million through increased commitments from existing lenders or the addition of new lenders. Under the Facility the Company may also enter into commitments in the form of standby, commercial, or direct pay letters of credit for an amount not to exceed million. 
 The Facility provides for variable interest pricing based on the credit rating of the unsecured senior unsecured bank debt or other unsecured senior debt. The Facility is also subject to fees based on applicable rates as defined in the agreement and the aggregate commitment, regardless of usage. The Facility requires the Company to meet various restrictive covenants and limitations including certain leverage ratios, interest coverage ratios and limits on outstanding debt balances held by certain subsidiaries. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had borrowings and billion available under the Facility. During 2022, there were borrowings or repayments under the Facility. During 2021, borrowings and repayments under the Facility totaled million with a weighted average interest rate of . 
 Covenants and Limitations 
 Under the Company s debt and credit facilities, the Company is required to meet various restrictive covenants and limitations, including limitations on certain leverage ratios, interest coverage and limits on outstanding debt balances held by certain subsidiaries. The Company was in compliance with all covenants and limitations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Letters of Credit and Guarantees 
 During the normal course of business, the Company enters into commitments in the form of letters of credit and bank guarantees to provide its own financial and performance assurance to third parties. The Company has not issued any guarantees on behalf of any third parties. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had million and million, in letters of credit and bank guarantees outstanding, respectively. The Company has multiple arrangements to obtain letters of credit, which include an agreement with an unspecified availability and separate agreements for up to million in letters of credit, of which million was available as of December 31, 2022. 
 Interest Payments 
 Cash payments for interest were million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Note 15 
 
 Rate of compensation increase 
 Rate of compensation increase Expected long-term return on plan assets 
 The weighted-average cash balance interest crediting rate for the Company's cash balance defined benefit plans was for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

Change in benefit obligation: Service cost Interest cost Plan amendments Actuarial gains ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Balance as of December 31 Fair value of plan assets Balance as of January 1 Change in plan assets: Actual loss on plan assets ) ) Company contributions Benefits paid ) ) Balance as of December 31 Unfunded status as of December 31 ) ) Accumulated benefit obligation as of December 31 
 The Company s projected benefit obligation includes approximately million and million related to the Company s executive supplemental and director defined benefit pension plans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company s accumulated benefit obligation includes approximately million and million related to the Company s executive supplemental and director defined benefit pension plans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The executive supplemental and director defined benefit plans have plan assets and the Company is not required to pre-fund the obligations. 
 Current liabilities ) ) Long-term liabilities ) ) Net pension liabilities ) ) 
 Unrecognized actuarial losses (net of tax) Unrecognized prior service costs (gross) Unrecognized prior service costs (net of tax) 
 70 

Table of Contents 

Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of unrecognized net loss Amortization of unrecognized prior service credit Settlement expense Net periodic benefit cost 
 The Company employs a liability driven investment approach whereby plan assets are invested primarily in fixed income investments to match the changes in the projected benefit obligation of funded plans related to changes in interest rates. Risk tolerance is established through careful consideration of projected benefit obligations, plan funded status and the Company s other obligations and strategic investments. 
 The established target allocation is fixed income securities and equity securities. Fixed income investments are diversified across U.S. treasury, long and intermediate duration and high yield bonds. Equity investments are diversified across large capitalization U.S. and international stocks. Investment risk is measured and monitored on an ongoing basis through investment portfolio reviews, annual projected benefit liability measurements and asset/liability studies. 
 U.S. treasury bonds Mutual funds: Equity mutual funds (1) 
 Fixed income mutual funds (2) 
 Total 
 (1) This category is comprised of investments in mutual funds that invest in equity securities such as large publicly traded companies listed in the S P 500 Index; small to medium sized companies with market capitalization in the range of the Russell 2500 Index; and foreign issuers in emerging markets. 
 (2) This category is comprised of investments in mutual funds that invest in U.S. corporate fixed income securities, including asset-backed securities; high yield fixed income securities primarily rated BB, B, CCC, CC, C and D; and US dollar denominated debt securities of government, government related and corporate issuers in emerging market countries. 
 The Company made contributions of million and million during 2022 and 2021, respectively. Contributions of million in both 2022 and 2021 pertain to the Company s executive supplemental and director defined benefit pension plans. This contribution covers current participant benefits as these plans have plan assets. minimum contributions to the pension plans were required in 2022 and 2021, however, discretionary contributions of million were made in 2022. During 2023, the Company expects to pay approximately million in participant benefits under the executive supplemental and director plans. 
 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 401K Plan 
 The Company maintains defined contribution savings plans covering a significant portion of its eligible employees. Participant contributions are matched by the Company up to a maximum of eligible compensation, subject to compensation and contribution limits as defined by the Internal Revenue Service. Employer contributions for the savings plan were million in 2022 and million in 2021 and 2020. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

of the Company s matching contribution in Company common stock. 
 
 Deferred Compensation - Cash 
 The Company s Deferred Compensation Plan allows certain eligible participants to defer a portion of their cash compensation and provides a matching contribution to the deferred compensation plan of up to of eligible compensation. Eligible participants may elect to receive in-service distributions of deferred compensation or may defer receipt of distributions until retirement via lump sum or annual payment installments over a maximum period of years. Participants allocate their deferred compensation amongst various investment options with earnings accruing to the participant. 
 The Company has established a Rabbi Trust to provide for a degree of financial security to cover its obligations under the Deferred Compensation Plan. Contributions to the Rabbi Trust by the Company are made at the discretion of management and generally are made in cash and invested in money-market funds. The Company consolidates the Rabbi Trust and therefore includes the investments in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had million and million of cash, respectively, and million of short-term investments. The short-term investments are measured at fair value using quoted market prices in active markets (i.e., Level 1 measurements) with changes in fair value recorded in net income and the associated cash flows presented as operating cash flows. 
 Workers Compensation Claims and Related Losses 
 The Company maintains occurrence-based insurance coverage with certain insurance carriers in accordance with its risk management practices that provides for reimbursement of workers compensation claims in excess of million. The Company records a recovery receivable from the insurance carriers when such recovery is deemed probable based on the nature of the claim and history of recoveries. The liability related to workers compensation claims, both those reported to the Company and those incurred but not yet reported, is estimated based on actuarial estimates, loss development factors and the Company s historical loss experience. 
 Other long-term assets Total recovery receivable Accrued and other current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total workers' compensation liability 
 
 Note 16 
 Operating lease liabilities (2) 
 Deferred compensation (3) 
 Pension and other post-retirement obligations (3) 
 Long-term workers' compensation (3) 
 Other Other long-term liabilities 
 (1) Refer to Note 9 for additional deferred tax discussion. 
 (2) Refer to Note 17 for additional operating lease liabilities discussion. 
 (3) Refer to Note 15 for additional pension, deferred compensation and workers' compensation discussion. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

Note 17 
 , some of which include one or more options to renew, with renewal terms that can extend the leases to one or years or more. 
 Variable lease cost 
 Short-term lease cost Total lease cost 
 Liabilities: Operating lease liabilities - current (2) 
 Operating lease liabilities - long-term (3) 
 Total lease liabilities 
 (1) Included in other long-term assets. 
 (2) Included in accrued and other current liabilities. 
 (3) Included in other long-term liabilities. 
 Less: imputed interest ) Total lease liabilities 
 Weighted-average discount rate 
 Operating lease liabilities - right-of-use assets obtained 
 Litigation 
 Over the years, the Company has been named as a defendant, along with numerous other defendants, in lawsuits in various courts in which plaintiffs have alleged injury due to exposure to asbestos-containing friction products produced and sold predominantly by the Company s discontinued Motion Control business between the late-1940s and the mid-1980s. The Company has been subject to liabilities for indemnity and defense costs associated with these lawsuits. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

, 2022 , the Company believes that its accrual for these costs is not material to the Company's financial position, results of operations or operating cash flows. 
 The Company recognizes expenses for defense costs associated with asbestos claims during the periods in which they are incurred. Refer to Note 1 for the Company s accounting policy related to litigation defense costs. 
 The Company currently maintains insurance coverage with respect to asbestos-related claims and associated defense costs. The Company records the insurance coverage as a receivable in an amount it reasonably estimates is probable of recovery for pending and future asbestos-related indemnity claims. Since the Company s insurance coverage contains various exclusions, limits of coverage and self-insured retentions and may be subject to insurance coverage disputes, the Company may recognize expenses for indemnity and defense costs in particular periods if and when it becomes probable that such costs will not be covered by insurance. 
 Henry has also been named as a defendant, along with numerous other defendants, in lawsuits in various courts in which plaintiffs have alleged injury due to exposure to asbestos-containing roofing products produced and sold by Henry and certain of its subsidiaries. Henry is subject to liabilities for indemnity and defense costs associated with these lawsuits. As of , 2022 , the Company believes such liabilities are not material to the Company s financial position, results of operations or operating cash flows. Henry currently maintains insurance coverage and is the beneficiary of other arrangements which provide coverage with respect to certain asbestos-related claims and associated defense costs. Such insurance coverage contains various exclusions, limits of coverage and self-insured retentions and may be subject to insurance coverage disputes. 
 The Company is also involved in various other legal actions and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the ultimate outcomes of such actions and proceedings, either individually or in the aggregate, are not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or operating cash flows. 
 
 Note 18 
 Non-designated hedges ) 
 (1) The fair value of foreign currency forward contracts is included in other current assets. The fair value was estimated using observable market inputs such as forward and spot prices of the underlying exchange rate pair. Based on these inputs, derivative assets and liabilities are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 Designated Hedges 
 For instruments that are designated and qualify as a cash flow hedge, the Company had foreign currency forward contracts with maturities less than . The changes in the fair value of the contracts are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and recognized in the same line item as the impact of the hedged item, revenues or cost of sales, when the underlying forecasted transaction impacts earnings. Gains and losses on the contracts representing hedge components excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness are recognized in the same line item as the hedged item, revenues or cost of sales, currently. 
 Non-Designated Hedges 
 For instruments that are not designed as a cash flow hedge, the Company had foreign exchange contracts with maturities less than . The unrealized gains and losses resulting from these contracts were immaterial and are recognized in other non-operating expense, net and partially offset corresponding foreign exchange gains and losses on these balances. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): 
 Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications 
 ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (1) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): 
 Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications 
 ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (1) 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) 
 (1) The accrued post-retirement benefit liability reclassification pertains to the amortization of unrecognized actuarial gains and losses and prior service credits which is included in net periodic benefit cost. See Note 15 for additional pension discussion. 
 Investment Securities 
 I n accordance with its investment policy, the Company invests its excess cash from time-to-time in investment grade bonds and other securities to achieve higher yields. As of , 2022 , and 2021 the Company had million and million of investment grade bonds, respectively. The investment grade bonds are classified as available-for-sale and measured at fair value using quoted market prices in active markets (i.e., Level 1 measurements) with changes in fair value recorded in accumulated comprehensive income, until realized, and the associated cash flows presented as investing cash flows. 
 Other Financial Instruments 
 Other financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, net, accounts payable, accrued expenses and long-term debt. The carrying value for cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, net, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximates fair value because of its short-term nature and generally negligible credit losses (refer to Note 14 for the fair value of long-term debt). 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures . Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15. Based upon that evaluation and as of December 31, 2022, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
 Management has prepared a report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting in which management has determined that the Company s controls are effective. A copy of management s report is set forth below. 
 (b) Changes in internal controls . During the fourth quarter of 2022, there were no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 As discussed in Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, the Company completed the acquisition of MBTechnology ("MBTech") on February 1, 2022. Management's assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of MBTech, which represented less than 1 of total assets as of December 31, 2022, and revenues for the year then ended. 
 The Company's internal control over financial reporting has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, whose report with respect to the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting is included in Item 8. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 None. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The following table sets forth certain information relating to each executive officer of the Company, as furnished to the Company by the executive officers. Except as otherwise indicated each executive officer has had the same principal occupation or employment during the past five years. 
 Name Age Position with Company Period of Service D. Christian Koch 57 Chairman of the Board since May 2020, Director, President and Chief Executive Officer since January 2016; President and Chief Operating Officer from May 2014 to December 2015; Group President, Carlisle Diversified Products from June 2012 to May 2014; President, Carlisle Brake Friction from January 2009 to June 2012; President, Carlisle Asia Pacific from February 2008 to January 2009. February 2008 to date John E. Berlin 61 President, Carlisle Interconnect Technologies since February 1995. January 1990 to date Kelly P. Kamienski 40 Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer since February 2022; Vice President, Controller from February 2021 to February 2022; Director of Technical Accounting, Financial Reporting and Controls from June 2016 to February 2021. June 2016 to date Stephen F. Schwar 60 President, Carlisle Construction Materials since February 2022; Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing, Carlisle Construction Materials from October 2021 to February 2022; Vice President, Single Ply Sales from January 2019 to October 2021; Vice President, SynTec Sales from January 2017 to January 2019. July 1984 to date Scott C. Selbach 67 Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel since January 2023; Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel from May 2018 to January 2023; Vice President, Corporate Development from April 2006 to May 2018. April 2006 to date Lori A. Snyder 44 Vice President, Human Resources since January 2021; Vice President, Human Resources, Carlisle Construction Materials from May 2014 to January 2021. August 2011 to date Frank J. Ready 61 President, Carlisle Weatherproofing Technologies since February 2022; President and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Company from November 2014 to February 2022. September 2021 to date Kevin P. Zdimal 52 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer since February 2022; Vice President, Corporate Development from May 2018 to February 2022, Vice President, Business Development from May 2016 to May 2018, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer from May 2010 to May 2016. September 1995 to date 
 The officers have been elected to serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors of the Company. There are no family relationships between any of the above officers, and there is no arrangement or understanding between any officer and any other person pursuant to which he or she was selected as an officer. 
 Information required by Item 10 is incorporated by reference to the applicable information set forth under the captions "Proposal 1: Election of Directors" and "Corporate Governance" in the Company's definitive proxy statement that is expected to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 40 days before the Company's Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 3, 2023 (the "Proxy Statement"). 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 Information required by Item 11 is incorporated by reference to the applicable information set forth under the captions "Director Compensation," "Compensation Discussion and Analysis" and "Compensation Tables and Other Matters" in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 Information required by Item 12 is incorporated by reference to the applicable information set forth under the caption "Security Ownership" in the Proxy Statement. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The number of securities to be issued upon the exercise of equity awards under the Company s equity compensation plans, the weighted average exercise price of the options and the number of securities remaining for future issuance as of December 31, 2022, follows: 
 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by equity security holders 
 2.0 (1) 
 193.17 1.5 Equity compensation plans not approved by equity security holders 
 n/a Total 2.0 193.17 1.5 
 (1) Includes shares of our common stock issuable upon the vesting of 0.1 million restricted stock awards and 0.3 million performance share units at maximum performance levels. These awards are not reflected in column (b) because they do not have an exercise price. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Information required by Item 13 is incorporated by reference to the applicable information set forth under the caption "Corporate Governance" in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 Information required by Item 14 is incorporated by reference to the applicable information set forth under the caption "Proposal 4: Ratification of the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" in the Proxy Statement. 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a)(1). Financial statements required by Item 8 are as follows: 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income, years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 39 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets, December 31, 2022 and 2021 40 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 41 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity, years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 42 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 43 
 
 (a)(2). Financial Statement Schedules: 
 Included in Item 8, as applicable. 
 (a)(3). Exhibits applicable to the filing of this report are listed in the following exhibit index. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

Carlisle Companies Incorporated Exhibit Index Exhibit Filed with this Form 10-K Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Title Form Date Filed 2.1 
 Equity and Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2021, by and among Carlisle Fluid Technologies, Inc., Carlisle Global II Limited, Carlisle Industrial Brake Friction, Inc., Carlisle International B.V., Carlisle Asia Pacific Ltd., Carlisle Intangible, LLC, Carlisle, LLC, Engineered Components and Systems, LLC, CMBF, LLC, Power-Packer Europa B.V., Power Packer North America, Inc., EC S Holdings Hong Kong Limited and BRWS Parent LLC (solely for purposes of Section 8.3 thereto). 8-K 5/26/2021 2.2 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 18, 2021, by and among the Company, ASP Henry Holdings, Inc., ASP Henry Investco LP and Aaron Merger Sub, Inc. 8-K 7/20/2021 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Carlisle Companies Incorporated. 8-K 5/5/2022 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Carlisle Companies Incorporated. 8-K 5/5/2022 4.1 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. X 4.2 
 Form of Trust Indenture between the Company and Fleet National Bank. S-3 11/26/1996 4.3 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 18, 2006. 8-K 8/18/2006 4.4 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 9, 2010. 8-K 12/10/2010 4.5 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 20, 2012. 8-K 11/20/2012 4.6 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 28, 2020. 8-K 2/28/2020 4.7 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 28, 2021. 8-K 9/28/2021 4.8 
 Form of 3.75 Unsecured Senior Notes due 2022. 8-K 11/20/2012 4.9 
 Form of 0.55 Unsecured Senior Notes due 2023. 8-K 9/28/2021 4.10 
 Form of 3.50 Unsecured Senior Notes due 2024. 8-K 11/16/2017 4.11 
 Form of 3.75 Unsecured Senior Notes due 2027. 8-K 11/16/2017 4.12 
 Form of 2.75 Unsecured Senior Notes due 2030. 8-K 2/28/2020 4.13 
 Form of 2.20 Unsecured Senior Notes due 2032. 8-K 9/28/2021 10.1 
 Carlisle Companies Incorporated Incentive Compensation Program, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2022. 8-K 5/5/2022 10.2 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement for grants to executive officers. 10-K 2/17/2022 10.3 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement for grants to Nicholas J. Shears. 10-K 2/17/2022 10.4 
 Form of Restricted Share Agreement for grants to executive officers. 10-K 2/17/2022 10.5 
 Form of Restricted Share Agreement for grants to Nicholas J. Shears. 10-K 2/17/2022 10.6 
 Form of Restricted Share Agreement for retention award grants to executive officers. 10-K 2/17/2022 10.7 
 Form of Performance Share Agreement for grants to executive officers. 10-K 2/17/2022 10.8 
 Form of Performance Share Agreement for grants to Nicholas J. Shears. 10-K 2/17/2022 10.9 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for grants to non-employee directors. 10-K 2/17/2022 10.10 
 Form of Restricted Share Agreement for grants to non-employee directors. 10-K 2/17/2022 10.11 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2022. 8-K 2/10/2022 
 79 

Table of Contents 

Carlisle Companies Incorporated Exhibit Index Exhibit Filed with this Form 10-K Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Title Form Date Filed 10.12 
 Nonqualified Benefit Plan Trust, dated as of February 2, 2010, by and between the Company and Wachovia Bank, National Association. 10-Q 4/27/2010 10.13 
 Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as amended and restated effective May 6, 2020. 10-Q 7/23/2020 10.14 
 Supplemental Pension Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2019. 10-Q 4/25/2019 10.15 
 Form of Executive Severance Agreement with D. Christian Koch, John E. Berlin and Scott C. Selbach. 10-K 2/27/2009 10.16 
 Form of Executive Severance Agreement with executive officers. 8-K/A 4/12/2017 10.17 
 Letter Agreement, dated August 9, 2022, between the Carlisle Companies Incorporated and Nicholas J. Shears 8-K 8/9/2022 10.18 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 5, 2020, by and among the Company, Carlisle LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto. 8-K 2/7/2020 10.19 
 Amendment No. 1 to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2021, by and among the Company, Carlisle, LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto. 10-Q 10/26/2021 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. X 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Deloitte Touche LLP. X 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). X 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). X 32.1 
 Section 1350 Certifications pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) X 
 Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule will be furnished supplementally to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 Management contracts or compensation plans or arrangements in which directors or executive officers are eligible to participate. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 Not applicable. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 CARLISLE COMPANIES INCORPORATED 
 By: /s/ Kevin P. Zdimal Kevin P. Zdimal, Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 /s/ D. Christian Koch /s/ Robin J. Adams D. Christian Koch, Director, 
 Robin J. Adams, Director 
 Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Kevin P. Zdimal /s/ Robert G. Bohn Kevin P. Zdimal, Vice President and 
 Robert G. Bohn, Director 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Kelly P. Kamienski /s/ Jonathan R. Collins Kelly P. Kamienski, Vice President and 
 Jonathan R. Collins, Director 
 Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ James D. Frias James D. Frias, Director 
 /s/ Maia A. Hansen Maia A. Hansen, Director 
 /s/ Gregg A. Ostrander Gregg A. Ostrander, Director 
 /s/ Corrine D. Ricard Corrine D. Ricard, Director 
 /s/ Jesse G. Singh Jesse G. Singh, Director 
 
 February 16, 2023 
 81 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 a2022-exhibit41.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 

Exhibit 4.1 

 DESCRIPTION OF CARLISLE COMPANIES INCORPORATED S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Carlisle Companies Incorporated, a Delaware corporation we, our the Company ), has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended our common stock. 
 
 The following is a summary description of our common stock and does not purport to be complete. For a complete description of the terms and provisions of our common stock refer to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (our Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws (our Bylaws ). This summary description is qualified in its entirety by reference to these documents, each of which is included as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this exhibit is a part. 
 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 
 Pursuant to our Certificate of Incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of (i) 200,000,000 shares of common stock, 1.00 par value per share, and (ii) 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 1.00 par value per share. 
 Common Stock 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Common stockholders are entitled to one vote per share. Our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws do not provide for cumulative voting rights. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Subject to the rights of the holders of any outstanding shares of preferred stock, holders of our shares of common stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors from our assets legally available for the payment of dividends. 
 
 Liquidation, Redemption and Preemptive Rights 
 
 In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, after the payment or provision for payment of our debts and other liabilities and the preferential amounts to which holders of our preferred stock are entitled (if any shares of preferred stock are then outstanding), the holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in our remaining assets. Our common stock has no preemptive or conversion rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to it. 
 
 Listing 
 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker CSL. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar is Computershare Investors Services, LLC. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions of Our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws 
 
 Classification of Board of Directors 
 
 Our board of directors is divided into three approximately equal classes, having staggered terms of office of three years each. The effect of a classified board of directors may be to make it more difficult to acquire control of us. 
 
 Removal of Directors 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation also provides that our directors may be removed only for cause and upon the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors, provided that if there is a substantial stockholder (as defined below), the 66 vote must include the affirmative vote of at least 50 of the voting power of the outstanding shares of our voting capital stock held by stockholders other than the substantial stockholder. 
 
 Director Nominations 
 
 Our stockholders can nominate candidates for the board of directors if the stockholders follow the advance notice procedures described in our Certificate of Incorporation. To nominate directors, stockholders must submit a written notice to our Corporate Secretary at least 90 days prior to the first anniversary of the last meeting of stockholders of the Company called for the election of directors, before a scheduled meeting. The notice must include the name and address of the shareholder and of the shareholder's nominee, the number of shares held by the shareholder as a beneficial owner (as defined in our Certificate of Incorporation), and any other information required by the securities laws and the Securities Exchange Commission about the shareholder s nominee. 
 
 Stockholders Action 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that no shareholder action may be taken by written consent of stockholders. 
 
 Stockholders Special Meetings 
 
 A special meeting of stockholders will be called upon the request of the holders of at least 66 of the voting stock of the Company. 
 
 Supermajority Vote in Business Combinations 
 
 Article Seventh of our Certificate of Incorporation provides that a merger, consolidation, sale of assets, sale of shares, share exchange, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar transaction (each defined as a business combination between us or a company controlled by or under common control with us and any individual, corporation or other entity which is defined in our Certificate of Incorporation as a substantial stockholder (in general, any individual or entity which owns or controls at least 15 of our voting capital stock), would be required to satisfy the condition that the aggregate consideration per share to be received in the transaction for each class of our voting capital stock meet the price requirements indicated in our Certificate of Incorporation. If a proposed business combination with a substantial stockholder does not meet this condition, then the transaction must be approved by the holders of at least 66 of the outstanding shares of voting capital stock held by our stockholders other than the substantial stockholder, unless (i) a majority of the directors have expressly approved the business combination at a time when the substantial stockholder was not beneficial owner of 5 or more of the outstanding 
 2 

voting shares of the Company or (ii) the business combination is approved by a majority of the directors who are not affiliated with the substantial shareholder. 
 
 The provisions of Article Seventh may not be amended, altered, changed or repealed except by the affirmative vote of at least 66 of the votes entitled to be cast thereon at a meeting of our stockholders duly called for consideration of such amendment, alteration, change or repeal. In addition, if there is a substantial stockholder, the 66 majority required to amend or repeal Article Seventh must include the affirmative vote of at least 50 of the shares held by stockholders other than the substantial stockholder. 
 
 Preferred Stock Purchase Rights 
 
 All rights under the preferred stock purchase rights expired on May 25, 2016. 
 3 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 a2022-exhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant 
 Carlisle Companies Incorporated 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation Carlisle Construction Materials, LLC Delaware Carlisle, LLC Delaware Henry Company, LLC California 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 a2022-exhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-249903 on Form S-3 and No. 333-265871 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 16, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Carlisle Companies Incorporated (the Company and the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Tempe , Arizona 
 February 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 a2022-exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) Certifications 
 
 I, D. Christian Koch, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Carlisle Companies Incorporated 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 February 16, 2023 By s D. Christian Koch D. Christian Koch President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 a2022-exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) Certifications 
 
 I, Robert M. Roche, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Carlisle Companies Incorporated 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 February 16, 2023 By s Kevin P. Zdimal Kevin P. Zdimal Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 a2022-exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification 
 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of Carlisle Companies Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify that 
 
 The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 February 16, 2023 By s D. Christian Koch D. Christian Koch President and Chief Executive Officer February 16, 2023 By s Kevin P. Zdimal Kevin P. Zdimal Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 csl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 csl-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 csl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 csl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 csl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

