<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_1227265_0001193125-23-078805.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10125095</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>398153</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1101397</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5233129</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1302414</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1519498</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-078805.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324121325
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-078805
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CERES ORION L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001227265
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				223644546
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50271
		FILM NUMBER:		23758824

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CERES MANAGED FUTURES LLC
		STREET 2:		522 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-672-4468

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CERES MANAGED FUTURES LLC
		STREET 2:		522 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ORION FUTURES FUND LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090928

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CITIGROUP ORION FUTURES FUND LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080902

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SALOMON SMITH BARNEY ORION FUTURES FUND LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030414

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-078805.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 d446320d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Transition period from 
 to 
 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 Identification No.) 
 c/o Ceres Managed Futures LLC 

, 

(Address and Zip Code of principal executive offices) 

 ) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None. 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Redeemable Units of Limited Partnership Interest
 
 (Title of Class) 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes _ 
 X

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes _ 
 X

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 X
 No _ 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of the chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 X
 No 
_ 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

X

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.__ 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. __ 

 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based
 compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes _ 
 No 

Limited Partnership Redeemable Units with an aggregate value of were outstanding and held by non-affiliates
 as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 
 As of February 28, 2023, Limited Partnership Class A Redeemable Units were outstanding and Limited Partnership Class Z Redeemable Units were outstanding. 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 [None] 

PART I Item 1. Business . (a) General development of business . Ceres Orion L.P. (the Partnership is a limited partnership organized on March 22, 1999, under the partnership laws of the State of New York, to engage, directly or indirectly, in the speculative trading of a diversified portfolio of commodity interests, including futures, option, swap and forward contracts. The sectors traded include currencies, energy, grains, livestock, indices, United States U.S. and non-U.S. interest rates, softs and metals. The commodity interests that are traded by the Partnership, directly and indirectly through its investment in the Funds (as defined below), are volatile and involve a high degree of market risk. The Partnership commenced trading on June 10, 1999. The Partnership privately and continuously offers redeemable units of limited partnership interest Redeemable Units to qualified investors. There is no maximum number of Redeemable Units that may be sold by the Partnership. The General Partner (as defined below) may also determine to invest up to all of the Partnership s assets (directly or indirectly through its investment in the Funds) in U.S. Treasury bills and/or money market mutual funds, including money market mutual funds managed by Morgan Stanley or its affiliates. During the initial offering period (March 31, 1999 through June 10, 1999) the Partnership sold 10,499 Redeemable Units at 1,000 per Redeemable Unit. The Partnership commenced trading activities on June 10, 1999. Subscriptions and redemptions of Redeemable Units and General Partner contributions and redemptions for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are reported in the Statements of Changes in Partners Capital under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . Ceres Managed Futures LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, acts as the general partner (the General Partner and commodity pool operator of the Partnership and is the trading manager (the Trading Manager of Transtrend Master (as defined below), NL Master (as defined below) and Drakewood Master (as defined below). The General Partner is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley Domestic Holdings, Inc. MSD Holdings ). MSD Holdings is ultimately owned by Morgan Stanley. Morgan Stanley is a publicly held company whose shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Morgan Stanley is engaged in various financial services and other businesses. As of December 31, 2022, all trading decisions were made for the Partnership by Transtrend B.V. Transtrend ), John Street Capital Limited JSCL ), Northlander Commodity Advisors LLP Northlander ), Quantica Capital AG Quantica ), Breakout Funds LLC Breakout and Drakewood Capital Management Limited Drakewood (each an Advisor and, collectively, the Advisors ), each of which is a registered commodity trading advisor. Effective October 31, 2022, Pan Capital Management L.P. Pan ceased to act as a commodity trading advisor to the Partnership. Effective January 31, 2022, Greenwave Capital Management LLC Greenwave ceased to act as a commodity trading advisor to the Partnership. On October 31, 2021, the Partnership fully redeemed its investment in CMF FORT Contrarian Master Fund LLC FORT Contrarian Master ). Also effective October 31, 2021, FORT L.P. FORT ceased to act as a commodity trading advisor to the Partnership. On September 30, 2020, the Partnership fully redeemed its investment in CMF Winton Master L.P. Winton Master ). Also effective September 30, 2020, Winton Capital Management Limited Winton ceased to act as a commodity trading advisor to the Partnership. On January 31, 2019, the Partnership fully redeemed its investment in CMF Willowbridge Master Fund L.P. Willowbridge Master ). Also effective January 31, 2019, Willowbridge Associates Inc. Willowbridge ceased to act as a commodity trading advisor to the Partnership. Effective as of the close of business on October 31, 2018, Systematica Investments Limited Systematica ceased to act as a commodity trading advisor to the Partnership. From February 1, 2019 until December 12, 2019, John Street Capital LLP John Street directly traded the Partnership s assets allocated to it through a managed account in the name of the Partnership pursuant to John Street s Systematic Strategy Program. On December 13, 2019, the Partnership, the General Partner, John Street, and JSCL entered into a deed of novation (the JSCL Novation Agreement transferring all rights and obligations of John Street to JSCL. References herein to the Advisors may include, as relevant, John Street, FORT, Winton, Willowbridge, Systematica, Greenwave and Pan. Each Advisor is allocated a portion of the Partnership s assets to manage. The Partnership invests the portion of its assets allocated to each of the Advisors either directly, through a managed account in the Partnership s name, or indirectly, through its investment in the Funds. In addition, the General Partner may allocate the Partnership s assets to additional non-major trading advisors (i.e., commodity trading advisors intended to be allocated less than 10 of the Partnership s assets). Information about advisors allocated less than 10 of the Partnership s assets may not be disclosed. Effective July 1, 2021, Breakout directly trades a portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to it through a managed account in the name of the Partnership pursuant to an enhanced version of Breakout s Propeller Program. The General Partner and Breakout have agreed that Breakout will trade the Partnership s assets allocated to Breakout at 2 times the amount of the assets allocated. The amount of leverage may be increased or decreased in the future, subject to certain restrictions. Effective October 1, 2020, Quantica directly trades the Partnership s assets allocated to it through a managed account in the name of the Partnership pursuant to the Quantica Managed Futures Program. As of December 31, 2021, the General Partner and Quantica had agreed that Quantica would trade the Partnership s assets allocated to Quantica at 2.0 times the amount of the assets allocated. The amount of leverage may be increased or decreased in the future. 
 1 

JSCL directly trades the Partnership s assets allocated to it through a managed account in the name of the Partnership pursuant to the Systematic Strategy Program. The General Partner and JSCL have agreed that JSCL will trade the Partnership s assets allocated to it at a level that is up to 2 times the amount of assets allocated to it; provided that if the assets allocated to JSCL are 80 million or less, JSCL will trade the Partnership s assets allocated to it at the level that is up to 1.5 times the amount of assets allocated to it. The amount of leverage may be increased or decreased in the future. Prior to its termination effective January 31, 2022, Greenwave directly traded the Partnership s assets allocated to it through a managed account in the name of the Partnership pursuant to an enhanced version of Greenwave s Flagship Plus 2X Program. The General Partner and Greenwave had agreed that Greenwave would trade the Partnership s assets allocated to Greenwave at a level that was up to 2 times the amount of the assets allocated. Prior to its termination effective October 31, 2022, Pan directly traded the Partnership s assets allocated to it through a managed account in the name of the Partnership pursuant to Pan s Energy Trading Program. Prior to its termination effective October 31, 2018, Systematica directly traded the Partnership s assets allocated to it through a managed account in the name of the Partnership pursuant to Systematica s BlueTrend Program. On June 1, 2011, the Partnership began offering Class A Redeemable Units and Class Z Redeemable Units pursuant to the offering memorandum. All Redeemable Units issued prior to June 1, 2011 were deemed Class A Redeemable Units. The rights, powers, duties and obligations associated with investment in Class A Redeemable Units were not changed. Class A Redeemable Units are available to taxable U.S. individuals and institutions, U.S. tax exempt individuals and institutions and non-U.S. investors. Class Z Redeemable Units were first issued on August 1, 2011. Class Z Redeemable Units are offered to limited partners who receive advisory services from Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (doing business as Morgan Stanley Wealth Management) Morgan Stanley Wealth Management and certain employees of Morgan Stanley and/or its subsidiaries (and their family members). Class A Redeemable Units and Class Z Redeemable Units will each be referred to as a Class and collectively referred to as the Classes. The Class of Redeemable Units that a limited partner receives upon a subscription will generally depend upon the status of the limited partner, although the General Partner may determine to offer a particular Class of Redeemable Units to investors at its discretion. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Partnership s/Funds commodity broker was Morgan Stanley Co. LLC MS Co. ), a registered futures commission merchant. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan was also a foreign exchange forward contract counterparty for certain Funds. During certain periods included in this report, the Partnership/Funds deposited a portion of their cash in non-trading bank accounts at JPMorgan. Effective February 28, 2018, the Partnership changed its name from Orion Futures Fund L.P. to Ceres Orion L.P. The Partnership and CMF TT II, LLC Transtrend Master have, and prior to their respective full redemptions, Winton Master and Willowbridge Master had, entered into futures brokerage account agreements and foreign exchange brokerage account agreements with MS Co. CMF NL Master Fund LLC NL Master and CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC Drakewood Master have, and prior to its full redemption, FORT Contrarian Master had, entered into futures brokerage account agreements with MS Co. Transtrend Master, NL Master and Drakewood Master are collectively referred to as the Funds. References herein to Funds may also include, as relevant, FORT Contrarian Master, Winton Master and Willowbridge Master. Transtrend Master, and until their respective full redemptions, Winton Master and Willowbridge Master, each entered into certain agreements with JPMorgan in connection with trading in forward foreign currency contracts on behalf of the referenced Funds and indirectly, the Partnership. These agreements include a foreign exchange and bullion authorization agreement FX Agreement ), an International Swap Dealers Association, Inc. master agreement Master Agreement ), a schedule to the Master Agreement, a 2016 credit support annex for variation margin to the schedule and an institutional account agreement. In addition to Willowbridge Master, Willowbridge was party to the FX Agreement for Willowbridge Master. Under each FX Agreement, JPMorgan charges or charged a fee on the aggregate foreign currency transactions entered into on behalf of the respective Fund during a month. The Partnership, directly and indirectly through its investment in the Funds, pays MS Co. trading fees for the clearing, and where applicable, the execution of transactions. The Partnership will be liquidated upon the first to occur of the following: December 31, 2055; the net asset value per Redeemable Unit of any Class decreases to less than 400 as of the close of any business day; or under certain other circumstances as set forth in the limited partnership agreement of the Partnership, as may be amended from time to time (the Limited Partnership Agreement ). In addition, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, cause the Partnership to dissolve if the aggregate net assets of the Partnership decline to less than 1,000,000. On June 1, 2011, the Partnership allocated a portion of its assets to Transtrend Master, a limited liability company organized under the limited liability company laws of the State of Delaware. Transtrend Master permits accounts managed by Transtrend using the Diversified Trend Program-Enhanced Risk Profile (US Dollar), a proprietary, systematic trading system, to invest together in one trading vehicle. Transtrend generally trades its Enhanced Risk Profile (US Dollar) using 1.5 times the leverage employed by the Standard Risk Profile. The General Partner is also the Trading Manager of Transtrend Master. Individual and pooled accounts managed by Transtrend, including the Partnership, are permitted to be members of Transtrend Master. The Trading Manager and Transtrend believe that trading through this structure promotes efficiency and economy in the trading process. 
 2 

On April 1, 2019, the assets allocated to Northlander for trading were invested in NL Master, a limited liability company organized under the limited liability company laws of the State of Delaware. NL Master permits accounts managed by Northlander using the Northlander Commodity Program, a proprietary, discretionary trading system, to invest together in one trading vehicle. The General Partner is also the Trading Manager of NL Master. Individual and pooled accounts currently managed by Northlander, including the Partnership, are permitted to be members of NL Master. The Trading Manager and Northlander believe that trading through this structure promotes efficiency and economy in the trading process. On May 1, 2022, the Partnership allocated a portion of its assets to Drakewood Master, a limited liability company organized under the limited liability company laws of the State of Delaware. Drakewood Master permits accounts managed by Drakewood using the Drakewood Prospect Fund Strategy, a proprietary, discretionary trading system, to invest together in one trading vehicle. The General Partner is also the Trading Manager of Drakewood Master. Individual and pooled accounts managed by Drakewood, including the Partnership, are permitted to be members of Drakewood Master. The Trading Manager and Drakewood believe that trading through this structure promotes efficiency and economy in the trading process. On February 1, 2018, the assets allocated to FORT for trading were invested in FORT Contrarian Master, a limited liability company organized under the limited liability company laws of the State of Delaware. The Partnership fully redeemed its investment in FORT Contrarian Master on October 31, 2021. On November 1, 2004, the assets allocated to Winton for trading were invested in Winton Master, a limited partnership organized under the partnership laws of the State of New York. The Partnership fully redeemed its investment in Winton Master on September 30, 2020. On August 1, 2014, the assets allocated to Willowbridge for trading were invested in Willowbridge Master, a limited partnership organized under the partnership laws of the State of New York. The Partnership fully redeemed its investment in Willowbridge Master on January 31, 2019. The General Partner is not aware of any material changes to any of the trading programs discussed above during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Funds and the Partnership s trading of futures, forward, swap and option contracts, if applicable, on commodities is done primarily on U.S. and foreign commodity exchanges. The Funds and the Partnership engage in such trading through commodity brokerage accounts maintained with MS Co. Generally, a limited partner/member in the Funds withdraws all or part of its capital contribution and undistributed profits, if any, from the Funds as of the end of any month (the Redemption Date after a request has been made to the General Partner/Trading Manager at least three days in advance of the Redemption Date. Such withdrawals are classified as a liability when the limited partner/member elects to redeem and informs the Funds. However, a limited partner/member may request a withdrawal as of the end of any day if such request is received by the General Partner/Trading Manager at least three days in advance of the proposed withdrawal day. Management fees, ongoing selling agent fees, the General Partner fee and incentive fees are charged at the Partnership level, except for management and incentive fees payable to Transtrend, which are charged at the Transtrend Master level. Clearing fees are borne by the Funds and allocated to the Funds limited partners/members, including the Partnership. Clearing fees are also borne by the Partnership directly. Professional fees are borne by the Funds and allocated to the Partnership and are also charged directly at the Partnership level. The General Partner fee, management fees, incentive fees and professional fees of the Partnership are allocated proportionally to each Class based on the net asset value of the Class. 
 3 

For the period January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, the approximate average market sector distribution for the Partnership was as follows: 

At December 31, 2022, the Partnership owned 100.0 of Transtrend Master, approximately 71.4 of NL Master and approximately 68.2 of Drakewood Master. At December 31, 2021, the Partnership owned 100.0 of Transtrend Master and approximately 74.0 of NL Master. It is the Partnership s intention to continue to invest in the Funds. The performance of the Partnership is directly affected by the performance of the Funds. Expenses to limited partners as a result of investment in the Funds are approximately the same as they would be if the Partnership traded directly and redemption rights are not affected. The General Partner administers the business and affairs of the Partnership, including selecting one or more advisors to make trading decisions for the Partnership. The Partnership pays the General Partner a monthly fee (the General Partner fee equal to 1/12 of 0.75 (0.75 per year) of month-end net assets. Month-end net assets, for the purpose of calculating the General Partner fee, are Net Assets, as defined in the Limited Partnership Agreement, prior to the reduction of the current month s incentive fee accruals, the monthly management fees, the General Partner fee and any redemptions or distributions as of the end of such month. The General Partner, on behalf of the Partnership, has entered into management agreements (each, a Management Agreement with the Advisors. The Advisors are not affiliated with one another, the General Partner or MS Co., and are not responsible for the organization or operation of the Partnership. Effective May 1, 2022, Drakewood receives a monthly management fee equal to 1.5 per year of the month-end net assets allocated to Drakewood. Effective July 1, 2021, Breakout receives a monthly management fee equal to 1 per year of month-end net assets allocated to Breakout. Effective October 1, 2020, Quantica receives a monthly management fee equal to 0.60 per year of month-end net assets allocated to Quantica. To the extent that the month-end net assets allocated to Quantica are less than 50 million, Quantica will receive a management fee equal to 0.75 per year of month-end net assets allocated to Quantica. Effective April 1, 2019, Northlander receives a monthly management fee equal to 1.25 per year of month-end net assets allocated to Northlander. Effective February 1, 2019, JSCL (prior to the JSCL Novation Agreement, John Street) receives a monthly management fee of 1.35 per year of month-end net assets allocated to JSCL (prior to the JSCL Novation Agreement, John Street). To the extent that the month-end net assets allocated to JSCL (prior to the JSCL Novation Agreement, John Street) are less than 80 million, JSCL (prior to the JSCL Novation Agreement, John Street) will receive a monthly management fee equal to 1.5 per year of month-end net assets allocated to JSCL (prior to the JSCL Novation Agreement, John Street). From February 1, 2020 until its termination on October 31, 2022, Pan received a monthly management fee equal to 1.25 per year of month-end net assets allocated to Pan. Prior to its termination on January 31, 2022, Greenwave received a monthly management fee equal to 0.75 per year of month-end net assets allocated to Greenwave. From February 1, 2018 until its termination on October 31, 2021, FORT received a monthly management fee equal to 1.15 per year of month-end net assets allocated to FORT. Prior to its termination on September 30, 2020, Winton received a monthly management fee equal to 1.5 per year of month-end net assets allocated to Winton. From April 1, 2018 until its termination on January 31, 2019, Willowbridge received a monthly management fee equal to 1.25 per year of month-end net assets allocated to Willowbridge. Prior to April 1, 2018, Willowbridge received a monthly management fee equal to 1.5 per year of month-end net assets allocated to Willowbridge. Prior to its termination effective October 31, 2018, Systematica received a monthly management fee 
 4 

equal to 1.0 per year of month-end net assets allocated to Systematica. Month-end net assets, for the purpose of calculating management fees, are Net Assets, as defined in the Limited Partnership Agreement, prior to the reduction of the current month s incentive fee accruals, the monthly management fees, the General Partner fee and any redemptions or distributions as of the end of such month. Transtrend Master pays Transtrend a monthly management fee of 0.85 per year on the aggregate net assets of Transtrend Master as of the first day of each month. The management fee paid by Transtrend Master is allocated to the Partnership based on its proportionate ownership interest of Transtrend Master. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, the Partnership is obligated to pay Breakout an incentive fee, payable quarterly, equal to 20 of the New Trading Profits, as defined in each Management Agreement, earned by Breakout, respectively, for the Partnership during each calendar quarter. The Partnership is obligated to pay Quantica, Northlander and Drakewood an incentive fee, payable annually, equal to 20 of the New Trading Profits, as defined in each Management Agreement, earned by Quantica, Northlander and Drakewood, respectively, for the Partnership during each calendar year. The Partnership is obligated to pay JSCL (prior to the JSCL Novation Agreement, John Street) an incentive fee, payable quarterly, equal to 22.5 of the New Trading Profits, as defined in its Management Agreement, earned by JSCL (prior to the JSCL Novation Agreement, John Street) for the Partnership during each calendar quarter. To the extent that the month-end net assets allocated to JSCL (prior to the JSCL Novation Agreement, John Street) are less than 80 million, the Partnership will be obligated to pay JSCL (prior to the JSCL Novation Agreement, John Street) an incentive fee, payable quarterly, equal to 20 of the New Trading Profits, as defined in the Management Agreement, earned by JSCL (prior to the JSCL Novation Agreement, John Street) for the Partnership during each calendar quarter. Prior to their respective terminations effective October 31, 2022 and January 31, 2022, Pan and Greenwave were each eligible to receive an incentive fee, payable quarterly, equal to 20 of the New Trading Profits, as defined in each Management Agreement, earned by Pan and Greenwave, for the Partnership during each calendar quarter. Prior to its termination effective October 31, 2021, FORT was eligible to receive an incentive fee, payable annually, equal to 20 of the New Trading Profits, as defined in its Management Agreement, earned by FORT for the Partnership. Prior to their respective terminations effective September 30, 2020 and January 31, 2019, Winton and Willowbridge were each eligible to receive an incentive fee, payable quarterly, equal to 20 of the New Trading Profits, as defined in each Management Agreement, earned by Winton and Willowbridge for the Partnership during each calendar quarter. Prior to its termination effective October 31, 2018, Systematica was eligible to receive an incentive fee, payable annually, equal to 20 of the New Trading Profits, as defined in its Management Agreement, earned by Systematica for the Partnership. Effective January 1, 2021, Transtrend is eligible to receive an incentive fee equal to 16 of the New Trading Profits, as defined in its Management Agreement, earned by Transtrend Master and payable at the end of each calendar half year. Prior to January 1, 2021, Transtrend was eligible to receive an incentive fee equal to 20 of the New Trading Profits, as defined in its Management Agreement, earned by Transtrend Master and payable at the end of each calendar half year. Only the incentive fees paid by Transtrend Master for New Trading Profits, as defined in its Management Agreement, earned for the Partnership are allocated to the Partnership. To the extent an Advisor incurs a loss for the Partnership, the Advisor will not be paid incentive fees until the Advisor recovers the net loss incurred and earns additional new trading profits for the Partnership. Each Management Agreement may be terminated upon notice by either party. In allocating the assets of the Partnership among the Advisors, the General Partner considers, among other factors, each Advisor s past performance, trading style, volatility of markets traded and fee requirements. The General Partner may modify or terminate the allocation of assets to the Advisors and may allocate the assets to additional advisors at any time. The Partnership has entered into a futures brokerage account agreement with MS Co. (the Partnership Customer Agreement ). Under the Partnership Customer Agreement and the foreign exchange brokerage account agreement, the Partnership pays MS Co. (or will reimburse MS Co. if previously paid) its allocable share of trading fees for the clearing and, where applicable, the execution of transactions, as well as its allocable share of exchange, user, give-up and National Futures Association NFA fees (collectively, clearing fees directly and indirectly through its investment in the Funds. Clearing fees are allocated to the Partnership based on its proportionate ownership interest of each Fund. The Partnership s assets available for trading in commodity interests not held in the Funds brokerage accounts at MS Co. and JPMorgan are deposited in the Partnership s brokerage account at MS Co. The Partnership s cash deposited with MS Co. is held in segregated bank accounts to the extent required by Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC regulations. The Partnership s restricted cash is equal to the cash portion of assets on deposit to meet margin requirements, as determined by the exchange or counterparty, and required by MS Co. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount of cash held by the Partnership for margin requirements was 37,622,333 and 17,796,571, respectively. Cash that is not classified as restricted cash is therefore classified as unrestricted cash. MS Co. has agreed to pay the Partnership interest on 100 of the average daily equity maintained in cash in the Partnership s (or the Partnership s allocable portion of the Funds , except for Transtrend Master s) brokerage account during each month at the rate equal to the monthly average of the 4-week U.S. Treasury bill discount rate. MS Co. has agreed to pay Transtrend Master interest on 100 of the average daily equity maintained in cash in Transtrend Master s brokerage account during each month at the rate equal to the monthly average of the 4-week U.S. Treasury bill discount rate less 0.15 during such month but in no event less than zero. When the effective rate is less than zero, no interest is earned. For purposes of these interest credits, daily funds do not include monies due to Transtrend Master on or with respect to futures, forward, or option contracts that have not been received. The Partnership Customer Agreement may generally be terminated upon notice by either party. 
 5 

The Partnership has entered into a selling agent agreement with Morgan Stanley Wealth Management (as amended, the Selling Agreement ). Pursuant to the Selling Agreement, the Partnership pays Morgan Stanley Wealth Management a monthly ongoing selling agent fee at a flat annual rate equal to 0.75 per year of the adjusted net assets of Class A Redeemable Units (computed monthly by multiplying the adjusted net assets of the Class A Redeemable Units by 0.75 and dividing the result thereof by 12). For the period from July 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020, the ongoing selling agent fee for Class A Redeemable Unit holders was paid at a flat annual rate of 1.00 of the adjusted net assets of Class A Redeemable Units (computed monthly by multiplying the adjusted net assets of the Class A Redeemable Units by 1.00 and dividing the result thereof by 12). Prior to July 1, 2020, the ongoing selling agent fee was 15.00 each for futures transactions and up to an equivalent amount for swaps and 7.50 each per side for options transactions, with respect to Class A Redeemable Units. The ongoing selling agent fee for Class A Redeemable Unit holders prior to July 1, 2020 was reduced by applicable floor brokerage fees and did not exceed 2.00 of adjusted month-end net assets per year, calculated monthly. Class Z Redeemable Units are not subject to an ongoing selling agent fee. The Partnership may pay an ongoing selling agent fee to other properly licensed and/or registered selling agents who sell Class A Redeemable Units, and such additional selling agents may share all or a substantial portion of such fees with their properly registered or exempted financial advisors who have sold Class A Redeemable Units. As of November 1, 2018, the Partnership entered into an alternative investment placement agent agreement (the Harbor Selling Agreement ), by and among the Partnership, the General Partner, Morgan Stanley Distribution Inc. MSDI ), and Harbor Investment Advisory, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company Harbor ), which supersedes and replaces the alternative investment selling agent agreement, dated January 19, 2018, between the Partnership, the General Partner and Harbor. Pursuant to the Harbor Selling Agreement, MSDI and Harbor have been appointed as a non-exclusive selling agent and sub-selling agent, respectively, of the Partnership for the purpose of finding eligible investors for Redeemable Units through offerings that are exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder and for Harbor to serve as an investment advisor to its customers investing in one or more of the partnerships party to the Harbor Selling Agreement; provided, that, included within such appointment, Harbor will provide certain services to certain holders of Redeemable Units of the Partnership, who had acquired such Redeemable Units prior to such holders becoming clients of Harbor. The Harbor Selling Agreement continues in effect until September 30, 2023 unless terminated in certain circumstances as set forth in the Harbor Selling Agreement, including by any party on thirty days prior written notice, after which the General Partner or the Partnership may, in its sole discretion, renew the Harbor Selling Agreement for additional one-year periods. Pursuant to the Harbor Selling Agreement, the Partnership pays Harbor a monthly ongoing selling agent fee at a flat annual rate equal to 0.75 per year of the adjusted net assets of Class A Redeemable Units (computed monthly by multiplying the adjusted net assets of the Class A Redeemable Units by 0.75 and dividing the result thereof by 12). For the period from July 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020, the ongoing selling agent fee for Class A Redeemable Unit holders was paid at a flat annual rate of 1.00 of the adjusted net assets of Class A Redeemable Units (computed monthly by multiplying the adjusted net assets of the Class A Redeemable Units by 1.00 and dividing the result thereof by 12). Prior to July 1, 2020, the Partnership paid Harbor an ongoing selling agent fee equal to 15.00 per round turn, swaps by up to an equivalent amount and options transactions by 7.50 each per side, with respect to Class A Redeemable Units held by Harbor clients. The ongoing selling agent fee for Class A Redeemable Unit holders prior to July 1, 2020 was reduced by applicable floor brokerage fees and did not exceed 2.00 of adjusted month-end net assets per year, calculated monthly. The General Partner has delegated certain administrative functions to SS C Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation, currently doing business as SS C GlobeOp (the Administrator ). Pursuant to a master services agreement, the Administrator furnishes certain administrative, accounting, regulatory reporting, tax and other services as agreed from time to time. In addition, the Administrator maintains certain books and records of the Partnership. The cost of retaining the Administrator is allocated among the pools operated by the General Partner, including the Partnership. (b) Financial Information about Segments . The Partnership s business consists of only one segment, speculative trading of commodity interests. The Partnership does not engage in sales of goods or services. The Partnership s capital as of December 31, 2022 was 383,024,982. (c) Narrative Description of Business . See Paragraphs (a) and (b) above. (i) through (xii) Not applicable. (xiii) The Partnership has no employees. (d) Financial Information About Geographic Areas . The Partnership does not engage in sales of goods or services or own any long-lived assets, and therefore this item is not applicable. (e) Available Information . The Partnership does not have an Internet address. The Partnership will provide paper copies of its Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to these reports free of charge upon request. (f) Reports to Security Holders . Not applicable. (g) Enforceability of Civil Liabilities Against Foreign Persons . Not applicable. (h) Smaller Reporting Companies . Not applicable. 
 6 

Item 1A. Risk Factors . Risks Relating to our Business As a result of leverage, small changes in the price of the Partnership s positions may result in major losses. The trading of commodity interests is speculative, volatile and involves a high degree of leverage. A small change in the market price of a commodity interest contract can produce major losses for the Partnership. Market prices can be influenced by, among other things, changing supply and demand relationships, governmental, agricultural, commercial and trade programs and policies, national and international political and economic events, weather and climate conditions, insects and plant disease, purchases and sales by foreign countries, changing interest rates, pandemics, epidemics and other public health crises. An investor may lose all of their investment. Due to the speculative nature of trading commodity interests, an investor could lose all of their investment in the Partnership. The Partnership will pay substantial fees and expenses regardless of profitability. Regardless of its trading performance, the Partnership will incur fees and expenses, including, but not limited to, ongoing selling agent fees, clearing fees, management fees, and the General Partner fee. Substantial incentive fees may be paid to one or more of the Advisors even if the Partnership experiences a net loss for the full year. An investor s ability to redeem or transfer Redeemable Units is limited. An investor s ability to redeem Redeemable Units is limited and no market exists for the Redeemable Units. Conflicts of interest exist. The Partnership is subject to numerous conflicts of interest including those that arise from the fact that: 

1. 
 The General Partner and the Partnership s/Funds commodity broker are affiliates; 

2. 
 Each of the Advisors, the Partnership s/Funds commodity broker, the General Partner, and their respective principals and affiliates may trade in commodity interests for their own accounts; 

3. 
 An investor s financial advisor will receive ongoing compensation for providing services to the investor s account with respect to Class A Redeemable Units; and 

4. 
 The General Partner, on behalf of the Partnership, may purchase shares from money market mutual funds affiliated and/or unaffiliated with the General Partner. Investing in Redeemable Units may not provide the desired diversification of an investor s overall portfolio. One of the Partnership s objectives is to add an element of diversification to a traditional stock and bond portfolio, but any benefit of portfolio diversification is dependent upon the Partnership/Funds achieving positive returns and such returns being independent of stock and bond market returns. Past performance is no assurance of future results. The Advisors trading strategies may not perform as they have performed in the past, and past performance does not necessarily predict future returns. The Advisors have from time to time incurred substantial losses in trading on behalf of clients. An investor s tax liability may exceed cash distributions. Investors are taxed on their share of the Partnership s income, even though the Partnership does not intend to make any distributions. The General Partner may allocate the Partnership s assets to undisclosed advisors. The General Partner at any time may select and allocate the Partnership s assets to undisclosed advisors. Investors may not be advised of such changes in advance, or at all. Investors must rely on the ability of the General Partner to select commodity trading advisors and allocate assets among them. 
 7 

Regulatory changes could restrict the Partnership s operations and increase its operational costs. Regulatory changes could adversely affect the Partnership by restricting its markets or activities, limiting its trading and/or increasing the costs or taxes to which investors are subject. Pursuant to the mandate of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, signed into law on July 21, 2010, the CFTC and the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC have promulgated rules to regulate trading in swaps and swap dealers and to mandate additional reporting and disclosure requirements and continue to promulgate rules regarding capital and margin requirements, to require that certain swaps be traded on an exchange or a swap execution facility, and to require that derivatives (such as those traded by the Partnership) be moved into central clearinghouses. The CFTC and the prudential regulators that oversee swap dealers have adopted rules regarding margin requirements for certain derivatives. In addition, the CFTC and such prudential regulators have adopted rules regarding capital requirements for swap dealers. These rules may negatively impact the manner in which swap contracts are traded and/or settled, increase the cost of such trading, and limit trading by speculators (such as the Partnership) in futures and over-the-counter OTC markets. Speculative position and trading limits may reduce profitability. The CFTC and U.S. exchanges have established speculative position limits on the maximum net long or net short positions which any person or a group of persons may hold or control in particular futures and options on futures. In January 2021, the CFTC finalized new rules that impose position limits on certain futures and option contracts and physical commodity swaps that are economically equivalent to such contracts. In addition to speculative position limits, most commodity exchanges also limit fluctuations in futures contract prices during a single day by regulations referred to as daily price fluctuation limits or daily limits. Such regulations could have an adverse effect on an Advisor s trading for the Partnership/Funds. The trading instructions of an Advisor may have to be modified, and positions held by the Partnership/Funds may have to be liquidated, in order to avoid exceeding these limits. Such modification or liquidation could adversely affect the operations and profitability of the Partnership/Funds by increasing transaction costs to liquidate positions and limiting potential profits on liquidated positions. The General Partner, the Partnership or the Funds and their respective service providers (including the Advisors) and operations are potentially vulnerable to cyber-security attacks or incidents. Like other business enterprises, the use of the internet and other electronic media and technology exposes the General Partner, the Partnership, the Funds and their respective service providers and operations, to potential risks from cyber-security attacks or incidents (collectively, cyber events ). Cyber events may include, for example, unauthorized access to systems, networks or devices, infection from computer viruses or other malicious software code, mishandling or misuse of information and attacks which shut down, disable, slow or otherwise disrupt operations, business processes or website access or functionality. In addition to intentional cyber events, unintentional cyber events can occur. Unintentional cyber events may include, for example, the inadvertent release of confidential information, the mishandling or misuse of information and/or technological limitations or hardware failures (in the markets or otherwise) that constrain the Partnership s and/or the Funds ability to gather, process and communicate information efficiently and securely, without interruption. Any cyber event could adversely affect the Partnership s and/or the Funds business, financial condition or results of operations and cause the Partnership and/or the Funds to incur financial loss and expense, as well as face exposure to regulatory penalties or legal claims, reputational damage and additional costs associated with corrective measures. A cyber-security breach could also jeopardize a limited partner s personal, confidential, proprietary or other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, the General Partner s or a service provider s computer systems. A cyber event may cause the Partnership, the Funds or their respective service providers to lose proprietary information, suffer data corruption, lose operational capacity (such as, for example, the loss of the ability to process transactions, calculate the Partnership s net asset value, or allow investors to transact business) and/or fail to comply with applicable privacy and other laws. Among other potentially harmful effects, cyber events also may result in theft, unauthorized monitoring and failures in the physical infrastructure or operating systems that support the Partnership, the Funds or their respective service providers. The nature of malicious cyber-attacks is becoming increasingly sophisticated and none of the General Partner, the Partnership nor the Funds can control whether a cyber event will adversely affect the cyber systems of the Advisors or other third-party service providers. 
 8 

Tax Laws are subject to change at any time. Tax laws and court and Internal Revenue Service IRS interpretations thereof are subject to change at any time, possibly with retroactive effect. Prospective investors are urged to consult with their tax advisors with respect to regulatory or administrative developments and proposals, and their potential effects on them based on their unique circumstances. The continuing spread of a new strain of coronavirus, which causes the viral disease known as COVID-19, may adversely affect our investments and operations. Since its discovery in December 2019, a new strain of coronavirus, which causes the viral disease known as COVID-19, has spread from China to many other countries, including the United States. The outbreak has been declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization, and the U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary has declared a public health emergency in the United States in response to the outbreak. The COVID-19 pandemic and related voluntary and government-imposed social and business restrictions has impacted global economic conditions and adversely affected various industries (including, but not limited to, transportation, hospitality and entertainment), resulting in volatility in the global financial markets, disruption in global supply chains, increased unemployment, and operational challenges such as the temporary and permanent closures of businesses, sheltering-in-place directives and increased remote work protocols. If the pandemic continues to be prolonged or the actions of governments and central banks are unsuccessful, including actions to facilitate the comprehensive distribution of effective vaccines, the adverse impact on the global economy will deepen. Given the continuing development of this situation, it is not possible to accurately predict how the market disruptions caused by COVID-19 will further impact the U.S. and other world economies or the value of the Partnership s/Funds investments, or for how long the effects of such events will continue. Nevertheless, the novel coronavirus continues to present material uncertainty and risk with respect to the Partnership s/Funds investments and operations. On February 22, 2022, the United States and several European nations announced sanctions against Russia in response to Russia s mobilization of forces and threat of invasion of the Ukraine, and governments around the world imposed, and may in the future impose, additional sanctions on Russia in response to its continued escalation of this conflict. On February 24, 2022, Russian President Putin commenced a full-scale invasion of Russia s pre-positioned forces into the Ukraine. The conflict has created volatility in the price of various commodities and may have a negative impact on business activity globally, and therefore could adversely affect the performance of the Partnership s/Funds investments. Furthermore, uncertainties regarding the conflict between the two nations and the varying involvement of the United States and other NATO countries preclude prediction as to the ultimate impact on global economic and market conditions, and, as a result, presents material uncertainty and risk with respect to the Partnership/Funds and the performance of their investments or operations, and the ability of the Partnership to achieve its investment objectives. Additionally, to the extent that investors, service providers and/or other third parties have material operations or assets in Russia or Ukraine, they may have their operations disrupted and/or suffer adverse consequences related to the ongoing conflict. Item 2. Properties . The Partnership does not own or lease any properties. The General Partner operates from facilities provided by Morgan Stanley and/or one of its subsidiaries. 
 9 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings . This section describes the major pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business, to which MS Co. or its subsidiaries is a party or to which any of their property is subject. There are no material legal proceedings pending against the Partnership or the General Partner. On June 1, 2011, Morgan Stanley Co. Incorporated converted from a Delaware corporation to a Delaware limited liability company. As a result of that conversion, Morgan Stanley Co. Incorporated is now named Morgan Stanley Co. LLC MS Co. or the Company ). MS Co. is a wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of Morgan Stanley, a Delaware holding company. Morgan Stanley files periodic reports with the SEC as required by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act which include current descriptions of material litigation and material proceedings and investigations, if any, by governmental and/or regulatory agencies or self-regulatory organizations concerning Morgan Stanley and its subsidiaries, including MS Co. As a consolidated subsidiary of Morgan Stanley, MS Co. does not file its own periodic reports with the SEC that contain descriptions of material litigation, proceedings and investigations. As a result, we refer you to the Legal Proceedings section of Morgan Stanley s SEC 10-K filings for 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, and 2017. In addition, MS Co. annually prepares an Audited, Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition Audited Financial Statement that is publicly available on Morgan Stanley s website at www.morganstanley.com . We refer you to the Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies Legal section of MS Co. s 2021 Audited Financial Statement. In addition to the matters described in those filings, in the normal course of business, each of Morgan Stanley and MS Co. has been named, from time to time, as a defendant in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions, and other litigation, as well as being subject to regulatory investigations arising in connection with its activities as a global diversified financial services institution. Certain of the legal actions or regulatory investigations include claims for substantial penalties, compensatory and/or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of penalties or damages. MS Co. is a Delaware limited liability company with its main business office located at 1585 Broadway, New York, New York 10036. Among other registrations and memberships, MS Co. is registered as a futures commission merchant and is a member of the National Futures Association. During the preceding five years, the following administrative, civil, or criminal actions pending, on appeal or concluded against MS Co. or any of its principals are material within the meaning of CFTC Rule 4.24(l)(2) or 4.34(k)(2): Regulatory and Governmental Matters. The Company has been responding to subpoenas and other requests for information from the Enforcement Division of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the United States Attorney s Office for the Southern District of New York in connection with their investigations into various aspects of the Company s blocks business, certain related sales and trading practices, and applicable controls (the Investigations ). The Investigations are focused on whether the Company and/or its employees shared and/or used information regarding impending block transactions in violation of federal securities laws and regulations. The Company is continuing to cooperate with the Investigations and is responding to the requests. The Company also faces potential civil liability arising from claims that have been or may be asserted by, among others, block transaction participants who contend they were harmed or disadvantaged including, among other things, as a result of a share price decline allegedly caused by the activities of the Company and/or its employees, or as a result of the Company s and/or its employees failure to adhere to applicable laws and regulations. In addition, the Company has responded to demands from shareholders under Section 220 of the Delaware General Corporation Law for books and records concerning the Investigations. On September 30, 2020, the SEC entered into a settlement order with MS Co. settling an administrative action which relates to MS Co. s violations of the order marking requirements of Regulation SHO of the Exchange Act resulting from its improper use of aggregation units in structuring the Firm s equity swaps business. The order found that MS Co. improperly operated its equity swaps business without netting certain long and short positions as required by Rule 200(c) of Regulation SHO. The order found that the long exposure to an equity security (the Long Unit and the short exposure to an equity security (the Short Unit were not independent from one another and did not have separate trading strategies or objectives without regard to each other, and that the Long and Short Units were not eligible for the exception in Rule 200(f) of Regulation SHO. The order found that MS Co. willfully violated Section 200(g) of Regulation SHO. MS Co. consented, without admitting or denying the findings and without adjudication of any issue of law or fact, to a censure; to cease and desist from committing or causing future violations; to pay a civil penalty of 5 million; and to comply with the undertaking enumerated in the order. The Firm has reached agreements in principle with two regulatory agencies the SEC for 125 million and the CFTC for 75 million to resolve record-keeping related investigations by those agencies relating to business communications on messaging platforms that had not been approved by the Firm. The Company was one of the entities involved in these investigations, and has recognized a provision of 63 million in anticipation of concluding the settlement with the SEC. On September 27, 2022, the Firm s settlements with the SEC and the CFTC became effective. 
 10 

Civil Litigation On August 18, 2009, Relators Roger Hayes and C. Talbot Heppenstall, Jr., filed a qui tam action in New Jersey state court styled State of New Jersey ex. rel. Hayes v. Bank of America Corp., et al . The complaint, filed under seal pursuant to the New Jersey False Claims Act, alleged that the Company and several other underwriters of municipal bonds had defrauded New Jersey issuers by misrepresenting that they would achieve the best price or lowest cost of capital in connection with certain municipal bond issuances. On March 17, 2016, the court entered an order unsealing the complaint. On November 17, 2017, Relators filed an amended complaint to allege the Company mispriced certain bonds issued in twenty-three bond offerings between 2008 and 2017, having a total par amount of 6,946 million. The complaint seeks, among other relief, treble damages. On February 22, 2018, the Company moved to dismiss the amended complaint, and on July 17, 2018, the court denied the Company s motion. On October 13, 2021, following a series of voluntary and involuntary dismissals, Relators limited their claims to certain bonds issued in five offerings the Company underwrote between 2008 and 2011, having a total par amount of 3,856 million. On May 17, 2013, plaintiff in IKB International S.A. in Liquidation, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al . filed a complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates in the Supreme Court of the State of New York County Supreme Court of NY ). The complaint alleges that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff was approximately 133 million. The complaint alleges causes of action against MS Co. for common law fraud, fraudulent concealment, aiding and abetting fraud, and negligent misrepresentation, and seeks, among other things, compensatory and punitive damages. On October 29, 2014, the court granted in part and denied in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss. All claims regarding four certificates were dismissed. After these dismissals, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately 116 million. On August 11, 2016, the Appellate Division, First Department First Department affirmed the trial court s decision denying in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss the complaint. On July 15, 2022, MS Co. filed a motion for summary judgment. At December 25, 2019, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately 22 million, and the certificates had incurred actual losses of 58 million. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the 22 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment. In August of 2017, MS Co. was named as a defendant in a purported antitrust class action in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York SDNY styled Iowa Public Employees Retirement System et al. v. Bank of America Corporation et al . Plaintiffs allege, inter alia, that MS Co., together with a number of other financial institution defendants, violated U.S. antitrust laws and New York state law in connection with their alleged efforts to prevent the development of electronic exchange-based platforms for securities lending. The class action complaint was filed on behalf of a purported class of borrowers and lenders who entered into stock loan transactions with the defendants. The class action complaint seeks, among other relief, certification of the class of plaintiffs and treble damages. On September 27, 2018, the court denied the defendants motion to dismiss the class action complaint. Plaintiffs motion for class certification was referred by the District Court to a magistrate judge who, on June 30, 2022, issued a report and recommendation that the District Court certify a class. The motion for class certification and the parties objections to the report and recommendation are pending before the District Court. On August 13, 2021, the plaintiff in Camelot Event Driven Fund, a Series of Frank Funds Trust v. Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, et al . filed in the Supreme Court of NY a purported class action complaint alleging violations of the federal securities laws against ViacomCBS Viacom ), certain of its officers and directors, and the underwriters, including the Company, of two March 2021 Viacom offerings: a 1,700 Viacom Class B Common Stock offering and a 1,000 offering of 5.75 Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (collectively, the Offerings ). The complaint alleges, inter alia, that the Viacom offering documents for both issuances contained material omissions because they did not disclose that certain of the underwriters, including the Company, had prime brokerage relationships and served as counterparties to certain derivative transactions with Archegos Capital Management LP, Archegos ), a fund with significant exposure to Viacom securities across multiple prime brokers. The complaint, which seeks, among other things, unspecified compensatory damages, alleges that the offering documents did not adequately disclose the risks associated with Archegos s concentrated Viacom positions at the various prime brokers, including that the unwind of those positions could have a deleterious impact on the stock price of Viacom. On November 5, 2021, the complaint was amended to add allegations that defendants failed to disclose that certain underwriters, including the Company, had intended to unwind Archegos s Viacom positions while simultaneously distributing the Offerings. On February 6, 2023, the court issued a decision denying the motions to dismiss as to the Company and the other underwriters, but granted the motion to dismiss as to Viacom and the Viacom individual defendants. On February 15 2023, the underwriters, including the Firm, filed their Notices of Appeal of the denial of their motions to dismiss. 
 11 

Settled Civil Litigation On July 15, 2010, China Development Industrial Bank CDIB filed a complaint against MS Co., styled China Development Industrial Bank v. Morgan Stanley Co. Incorporated et al. , in the Supreme Court of NY. The complaint related to a 275 million credit default swap CDS referencing the super senior portion of the STACK 2006-1 CDO. The complaint asserted claims for common law fraud, fraudulent inducement and fraudulent concealment and alleges that MS Co. misrepresented the risks of the STACK 2006-1 CDO to CDIB, and that MS Co knew that the assets backing the CDO were of poor quality when it entered into the CDS with CDIB. On March 22, 2021, the parties entered into a settlement agreement. On April 16, 2021, the court entered a stipulation of voluntary discontinuance, with prejudice. On October 15, 2010, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago filed a complaint against MS Co. and other defendants in the Circuit Court of the State of Illinois, styled Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago v. Bank of America Funding Corporation et al . A corrected amended complaint was filed on April 8, 2011, which alleges that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of a number of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans and asserts claims under Illinois law. The total amount of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by MS Co. at issue in the action was approximately 203 million. The complaint seeks, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such certificates. On November 4, 2021, the Firm entered into an agreement to settle the litigation. On April 20, 2011, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston filed a complaint against MS Co. and other defendants in the Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts styled Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston v. Ally Financial, Inc. F/K/A GMAC LLC et al . An amended complaint was filed on June 29, 2012 and alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately 385 million. The amended complaint raised claims under the Massachusetts Uniform Securities Act, the Massachusetts Consumer Protection Act and common law and sought, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such certificates. On November 25, 2013, July 16, 2014, and May 19, 2015, respectively, the plaintiff voluntarily dismissed its claims against MS Co. with respect to three of the securitizations at issue. After these voluntary dismissals, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately 332 million. On July 13, 2018, the parties reached an agreement in principle to settle the litigation. On May 3, 2013, plaintiffs in Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank AG et al. v. Morgan Stanley et al . filed a complaint against MS Co., certain affiliates, and other defendants in the Supreme Court of NY. The complaint alleged that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff was approximately 634 million. The complaint alleged causes of action against MS Co. for common law fraud, fraudulent concealment, aiding and abetting fraud, negligent misrepresentation, and rescission and sought, among other things, compensatory and punitive damages. On June 26, 2018, the parties entered into an agreement to settle the litigation. On April 1, 2016, the California Attorney General s Office filed an action against MS Co. in California state court styled California v. Morgan Stanley, et al. , on behalf of California investors, including the California Public Employees Retirement System and the California Teachers Retirement System. The complaint alleged that MS Co. made misrepresentations and omissions regarding residential mortgage-backed securities and notes issued by the Cheyne SIV, and asserted violations of the California False Claims Act and other state laws and sought treble damages, civil penalties, disgorgement, and injunctive relief. On April 24, 2019, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation. Beginning on March 25, 2019, MS Co. was named as a defendant in a series of putative class action complaints filed in the United States District Court for the SDNY, the first of which is styled Alaska Electrical Pension Fund v. BofA Secs., Inc., et al . Each complaint alleged a conspiracy to fix prices and restrain competition in the market for unsecured bonds issued by the following Government-Sponsored Enterprises: the Federal National Mortgage Association; the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation; the Federal Farm Credit Banks Funding Corporation; and the Federal Home Loan Banks. The purported class period for each suit is from January 1, 2012 to June 1, 2018. Each complaint raised a claim under Section 1 of the Sherman Act and sought, among other things, injunctive relief and treble compensatory damages. On May 23, 2019, plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended class action complaint styled In re GSE Bonds Antitrust Litigation , with a purported class period from January 1, 2009 to January 1, 2016. On June 13, 2019, the defendants filed a joint motion to dismiss the consolidated amended complaint. On August 29, 2019, the court denied MS Co. s motion to dismiss. On December 15, 2019, MS Co. and certain other defendants entered into a stipulation of settlement to resolve the action as against each of them in its entirety. On June 16, 2020, the court granted final approval of the settlement. Additional lawsuits containing claims similar to those described above may be filed in the future. In the course of its business, MS Co., as a major futures commission merchant, is party to various civil actions, claims and routine regulatory investigations and proceedings that the General Partner believes do not have a material effect on the business of MS Co. MS Co. may establish reserves from time to time in connections with such actions. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures . Not Applicable. 
 12 

PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities . 

(a) 
 Market Information . The Partnership has issued no stock. There is no public market for the Redeemable Units. 

(b) 
 Holders . The number of holders of Redeemable Units as of February 28, 2023 was 2,700 for Class A Redeemable Units and 42 for Class Z Redeemable Units. 

(c) 
 Dividends . The Partnership did not declare any distributions in 2022 or 2021. The Partnership does not intend to declare distributions in the foreseeable future. 

(d) 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans . None. 

(e) 
 Performance Graph . Not applicable. 

(f) 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities . For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, there were subscriptions of 5,048.2520 Redeemable Units of Class A totaling 18,407,264 and 1,419.3580 Redeemable Units of Class Z totaling 2,155,000. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, there were subscriptions of 2,047.8500 Redeemable Units of Class A totaling 6,021,943 and 256.7220 Redeemable Units of Class Z totaling 309,685. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2020, there were subscriptions of 1,768.3640 Redeemable Units of Class A totaling 4,739,834 and 57.1160 Redeemable Units of Class Z totaling 62,500. The Redeemable Units were issued in reliance upon applicable exemptions from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, and Section 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The Redeemable Units were purchased by accredited investors as described in Regulation D. In determining the applicability of the exemption, the General Partner relied on the fact that the Redeemable Units were purchased by accredited investors in a private offering. 

Proceeds of net offering were used for the trading of commodity interests including futures, option and forward contracts and any other interests pertaining thereto, including interests in commodity pools. 

(g) 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers . The following chart sets forth the purchases of Redeemable Units for each Class by the Partnership. 

Period 
 
 Class A (a) Total Number of Redeemable Units Purchased 

Class A (b) Average Price Paid per Redeemable Unit 

Class Z (a) Total Number of Redeemable Units Purchased 

Class Z (b) Average Price Paid per Redeemable Unit 

(c) Total Number of Redeemable Units Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

(d) Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Redeemable Units that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 

October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 

2,240.6350 

3,879.42 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 

1,059.1400 

3,704.85 

46.0770 

1,539.37 

N/A 

N/A 

December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 

694.9880 

3,618.20 

65.9660 

1,504.31 

N/A 

N/A 

3,994.7630 

3,787.69 

112.0430 

1,518.73 

Generally, limited partners are permitted to redeem their Redeemable Units as of the end of each month on three business days notice to the General Partner. Under certain circumstances, the General Partner may compel redemption, although to date the General Partner has not exercised this right. Purchases of Redeemable Units by the Partnership reflected in the chart above were made in the ordinary course of the Partnership s business in connection with effecting redemptions for limited partners. 

Redemptions of Redeemable Units are effected as of the end of each month at the net asset value per Redeemable Unit as of that day. No fee will be charged for redemptions. 
 13 

Item 6. Reserved . Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . Overview The Partnership seeks to achieve substantial capital appreciation through speculative trading, directly or indirectly through its investment in the Funds, in U.S. and international markets for currencies, interest rates, stock indices, agricultural and energy products and precious and base metals. The Partnership/Funds may employ futures, options on futures and forward contracts in those markets. The Partnership/Funds may also engage in swap transactions and other derivative transactions with the approval of the General Partner/Trading Manager. The General Partner/Trading Manager manages all business of the Partnership/Funds. The General Partner has delegated its responsibility for the investment of the Partnership s capital to the Advisors. The General Partner/Trading Manager engages a team of approximately 9 professionals whose primary emphasis is on attempting to maintain quality control among the Advisors to the funds operated or managed by the General Partner/Trading Manager. A full-time staff of due diligence professionals use proprietary technology and on-site evaluations to monitor new and existing futures money managers. The accounting and operations staff provide processing of subscriptions and redemptions and reporting to limited partners and regulatory authorities. The General Partner also engages staff involved in marketing and sales support. Responsibilities of the General Partner include: 

due diligence examinations of the Advisors; 

selection, appointment and termination of the Advisors; 

negotiation of the Management Agreements; and 

monitoring the activity of the Advisors. In addition, the General Partner/Trading Manager will prepare, or will assist the Administrator in preparing, the books and records and will provide, or will assist the Administrator in providing, the administrative and compliance services that are required by law or regulation, from time to time, in connection with the operation of the Partnership/Funds. While the Partnership and the Funds have the right to seek lower commission rates from other commodity brokers at any time, the General Partner/Trading Manager believes that the customer agreements and other arrangements with the commodity broker are fair, reasonable, and competitive. The programs traded by each Advisor on behalf of the Partnership are: Drakewood Drakewood Prospect Fund Strategy; Breakout an enhanced version of Breakout s Propeller Program; Quantica Quantica Managed Futures Program; Transtrend Diversified Trend Program Enhanced Risk Portfolio (US Dollar); Northlander Northlander Commodity Program; JSCL Systematic Strategy Program; prior to its termination effective October 31, 2022, Pan Energy Trading Program; prior to its termination effective January 31, 2022, Greenwave an enhanced version of the Flagship Plus 2X Program; prior to its termination effective October 31, 2021, FORT Global Contrarian Program; prior to its termination effective September 30, 2020, Winton Diversified Macro Strategies; from February 1, 2019 until December 12, 2019, John Street Systematic Strategy Program; prior to its termination effective January 31, 2019, Willowbridge wPraxis Futures Trading Approach; and prior to its termination effective October 31, 2018, Systematica BlueTrend Program. As of December 31, 2022 and September 30, 2022, the Partnership s assets were allocated among the Advisors in the following approximate percentages: 

Advisor 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2022 (percentage of Partners Capital) 

September 30, 2022 

September 30, 2022 (percentage of Partners Capital) 

Transtrend 

71,102,167 

19 

85,271,984 

20 

Northlander 

32,422,749 

8 

30,462,274 

7 

Drakewood 

29,751,950 

8 

28,462,968 

7 

JSCL 

141,906,663 

37 

134,607,750 

32 

Pan 

- 

0 

31,008,516 

7 

Quantica 

49,389,326 

13 

67,289,166 

16 

Breakout 

23,680,825 

6 

27,364,022 

7 

Unallocated 

34,771,302 

9 

16,609,185 

4 

14 

Breakout Funds, LLC The portion of the Partnership s assets that are allocated to Breakout are traded directly in a managed account in the name of the Partnership pursuant to an enhanced version of Breakout s Propeller Program. The Propeller Program is a discretionary global macro strategy that utilizes both fundamental and quantitative methods to identify market opportunities. Breakout aims to improve upon the traditional global macro strategy by using more of a tactical approach, with a shorter-term time horizon. At any given time, Breakout develops and monitors 1 to 7 high conviction themes, with a time horizon of 1 to 10 days. Independent of trade conviction, the portfolio manager will not engage in a trade without a minimum of a three to one expected reward/risk ratio. Key differentiators include low downside volatility and low historical drawdowns. In order to control downside volatility, Breakout engages in rigorous risk management with a focus on liquid markets and defined risk. The returns are uncorrelated to actively managed macro, CTA, and equity strategies. Quantica Capital AG The portion of the Partnership s assets that are allocated to Quantica are traded directly in a managed account in the name of the Partnership pursuant to the Quantica Managed Futures Program. The Quantica Managed Futures Program is a fully systematic investment program that aims to detect medium-term trend-following market inefficiencies in a diversified, liquid investment universe. Quantica s investment philosophy centers on the belief that quality risk-adjusted returns can be systematically captured from liquid markets by statistically analyzing risk-adjusted outperformance of one market versus other markets in the investment universe. The goal of the investment philosophy is to generate optimized long-term risk-adjusted compounded returns that are largely uncorrelated to traditional asset classes such as stocks and bonds. To achieve this goal, Quantica employs a unique and proprietary, fully systematic approach to medium term trend-following that is based on risk-adjusted, relative trend identification that delivers style-consistent trend-following returns with the ability to enhance efficiency and diversification. Drakewood Capital Management Limited Drakewood trades the Partnership s assets allocated to it pursuant to the Drakewood Prospect Fund Strategy. Pursuant to the Drakewood Prospect Fund Strategy, Drakewood invests the Partnership s assets primarily in a portfolio of risk positions in precious, non-ferrous and ferrous metal futures, forward contracts and related options, and derivative instruments. Other commodities may be traded from time to time, and may also invest in LME warrants, although these instruments are expected to constitute a relatively minor part of the portfolio. Investments made pursuant to the Drakewood Prospect Fund Strategy investments are expected to be concentrated in precious, non-ferrous and ferrous metal strategies and the Program s investments are not expected to be diversified. The Drakewood Prospect Fund Strategy is designed to gain exposure to opportunities in the majority of actively traded metals while limiting exposure in any one particular metal. The intent of this strategy is to increase opportunities for gain, while managing risk in order to provide more consistent returns. Based on the fundamentally driven investment approach of the Drakewood Prospect Fund Strategy, Drakewood will often hold generally directional positions either predominantly long or short depending on price drivers for each individual metal. The Drakewood Prospect Fund Strategy is expected to be neither long nor short biased through the cycle but rather to take a fundamental view over a one, two, five and ten year time frame and take positions accordingly. Long long-term core positions will be augmented by shorter shorter-term trading positions around each core position to manage short short-term price risk. In normal circumstances there may be daily trading activity on the portfolio even though the core fundamental view will persist for a year or more. Due to the nature of commodities futures trading, gross exposures may be much higher than net asset value due to the nature of having numerous offsetting positions, such as calendar spreads. Transtrend B.V. The portion of the Partnership s assets that are currently allocated to Transtrend for trading are not invested in commodity interests directly. Transtrend s allocation of the Partnership s assets is currently invested in Transtrend Master. Transtrend trades Transtrend Master s assets, and thereby the Partnership s assets, in accordance with its Diversified Trend Program-Enhanced Risk Profile (US Dollar), a proprietary, systematic trading system. Transtrend generally trades its Enhanced Risk Profile using 1.5 times the leverage employed by the Standard Risk Profile. Transtrend Master currently trades Financial Instruments (i.e., futures, options, options on futures, swaps, swaps on futures, forward contracts on foreign exchange, interest rates, interest rates instruments, commodities and equity related indices and instruments and other indices) on U.S. and non-U.S. exchanges, other venues and/or OTC markets. One of the potential strengths of the program is the disciplined, systematic and dynamic nature of market participation. The overall performance is determined by the entirety of all markets and all trades. In a systematic market approach, the disciplined application by Transtrend and a consistent participation by the client are both essential to realize the pursued returns over the course of time, although profitability cannot be guaranteed and clients may incur substantial losses on their investment. Transtrend s market approach attempts to benefit from directional price moves in outright Financial Instruments and in intra-market and inter-market combinations of Financial Instruments. 
 15 

Under the Diversified Trend Program s Standard Risk Profile, Transtrend generally commits an average of approximately 16 of the assets in a client s account as margin or a premium for Financial Instruments positions. Such percentage has varied, however, and is affected by various factors including, without limitation, nominal account size, market conditions, traded markets or the level of margins set by brokers and clearing houses. The Diversified Trend Program s Enhanced Risk Profile generally includes 1.5 times the leverage, and as such the average margin commitments, of the Standard Risk Profile. Northlander Commodity Advisors LLP The portion of the Partnership s assets that are allocated to Northlander for trading are not invested in commodity interests directly. Northlander s allocation of the Partnership s assets is currently invested in NL Master. Northlander trades the Partnership s assets allocated to it pursuant to its Northlander Commodity Program. The Northlander Commodity Program is a commodity focused trading program which invests in energy products globally, but with an emphasis on European power, European gas, European emissions, and international coal markets. The program is an absolute return strategy which seeks to identify value in mispriced markets through careful fundamental analysis by focusing on market dynamics and market structure and then expressing its thesis through its proprietary portfolio construction and risk management procedures. John Street Capital Limited/John Street Capital LLP The portion of the Partnership s assets that are allocated to JSCL (and prior to the JSCL Novation Agreement, John Street) are traded directly in a managed account in the name of the Partnership pursuant to JSCL s/John Street s Systematic Strategy Program. The Systematic Strategy Program seeks to profit from price movements in global markets and employs a systematic approach to trading. This means that the vast majority of the Systematic Strategy Program s trades will be made without discretion, based on the orders generated by the advisor s proprietary trading system. The Systematic Strategy Program employs a multi-model approach, applying different trading methods across different time horizons with the goal of having a diversified mix of potential return drivers within the strategy. The Systematic Strategy Program trades exchange-traded futures and OTC derivatives. The exchange-traded futures represent a wide range of underlying asset classes, including, but not limited to, equities, bonds, interest rates, currencies, energies, metals and agricultural products. Pan Capital Management LP The portion of the Partnership s assets that were allocated to Pan were traded directly in a managed account in the name of the Partnership pursuant to Pan s Energy Trading Program, a proprietary, discretionary trading program. The Energy Trading Program s primary objective was to produce absolute returns through active trading of the U.S. energy markets, while offering investors an opportunity to diversify their overall portfolios. The Energy Trading Program also strived to minimize the risk of capital loss. Pan traded listed exchange-traded futures and options on futures in the U.S. natural gas market and, with the consent of the General Partner, other liquid U.S. energy markets, including, but not limited to, electricity and crude oil. With the General Partner s consent Pan may have also traded swaps on behalf of the Partnership. Pan based energy trading on fundamental analysis rather than market timing and seeked to structure trades with asymmetric risk return. Pan firmly believes solid and thorough fundamental analysis, rigorous risk management and deep understanding of energy markets are required to achieve the Energy Trading Program s investment objectives. Greenwave Capital Management LLC The portion of the Partnership s assets that were allocated to Greenwave were traded directly in a managed account in the name of the Partnership pursuant to an enhanced version of Greenwave s Flagship Plus 2X Program. Greenwave s Flagship Plus 2X Program employed a discretionary global macro approach with an emphasis on G20 currencies. Greenwave incorporated a two-step investment process. It began with top down, macroeconomic analysis to determine the fundamental themes in which to engage. The goal was to identify the dominant drivers in the current market environment with a focus on central bank activity, political trends and geopolitical events. From this, Greenwave developed fundamental themes typically looking six to twelve months forward. In the second step, Greenwave employed a multi-layered quantitative process to identify the optimal timing and trade location at which to deploy risk in these themes. While themes were typically six to twelve months in duration, Greenwave would tactically trade around these core exposures. In addition, Greenwave would take shorter term tactical trades based purely on technical analysis when the opportunity presented itself. Finally, as part of the enhancement agreed upon with the General Partner, Greenwave could have from time to time increased or decreased exposures on a discretionary basis with the goal of exploiting potential opportunities created during market stress or episodes of volatility. FORT L.P. The portion of the Partnership s assets that were allocated to FORT for trading were not invested in commodity interests directly. FORT s allocation of the Partnership s assets was invested in FORT Contrarian Master. FORT traded the Partnership s assets allocated to it pursuant to its Global Contrarian Program, a systematic, technical, trend-anticipating futures trading strategy. 
 16 

The Global Contrarian Trading Program attempted to profit from emerging trends by identifying price behaviors that signaled possible turning points. Rather than attempting to identify existing trends, the Global Contrarian Trading Program attempted to anticipate trends before they occurred. Trading decisions were based primarily on an analysis of market prices, volume and volatility; factors external to the trading markets were incorporated only in rare cases. The Global Contrarian Trading Program generally operated on the theory that market prices reflect all known factors affecting supply and demand of a particular financial instrument. The Global Contrarian Trading Program was designed to incorporate concepts akin to channels, which FORT defined using systematic, mathematical tools. The Global Contrarian Trading Program estimated a large number of channels and identified a confluence of channels to find resistance and support points. FORT believed that this style was markedly different from most trend-following strategies, which were generally late to enter and exit a trend. In contrast, the Global Contrarian Trading Program was designed to enter and exit a trend early. The Global Contrarian Trading Program generally sought to anticipate and capitalize on short to intermediate-term trends. Because the Global Contrarian Trading Program sought to anticipate trends in market prices, it had the potential to perform well even in what standard trend-following systems perceived as directionless periods. The Global Contrarian Trading Program took positions while a market was moving against one of its signals. As a result, its performance could have been much more volatile than traditional trend-following models, but the potential for diversification was much greater. In an attempt to reduce the volatility of returns, the allocation of the Global Contrarian Trading Program s capital was geographically diversified across Asia, Europe, Australia and North America. This diversification also provided the Global Contrarian Trading Program with opportunities to seek profits in a variety of market environments. Total risk was measured primarily by using the margin-to-equity ratio, which was targeted not to exceed 14 for a fully funded account, although FORT could have adjusted the foregoing target from time to time. The margin-to-equity ratio was monitored systematically as well as by FORT s trading principals. Winton Capital Management Limited The portion of the Partnership s assets that were allocated to Winton for trading were not invested in commodity interests directly. Winton s allocation of the Partnership s assets was invested in Winton Master. Winton traded the Diversified Macro Strategies, a proprietary, systematic trading program, on behalf of Winton Master. The investment objective of the Diversified Macro Strategies was to achieve long-term investment growth. The Diversified Macro Strategies followed a disciplined investment process that was based on statistical analysis of historical data. The initial stage of the process involved collecting, cleaning and organizing large amounts of data. The Diversified Macro Strategies used a wide variety of data inputs including factors that were intrinsic to markets, such as price, volume and open interest; and those that were external to markets, such as economic statistics, industrial and commodity data and public company financial data. Winton conducted statistical research into the data in an attempt to quantify the probability of particular markets rising or falling, conditional on a variety of quantifiable factors. Winton s research was used to develop mathematical models that attempted to forecast market returns, the variability or volatility associated with such returns (often described as risk ), and the correlation between markets and transaction costs. These forecasts were used in investment strategies that determined what positions should have been held to maximize profit within a certain range of risk. As a result of Winton s research, Winton expected that the investments made in accordance with this process should have had an improved chance of being successful, which was expected to lead to profits over the long-term. Winton s investment programs were operated as automated, computer-based investment systems. The programs were modified over time as Winton monitored its operation and undertook further research. Changes to the programs occurred as a result of, amongst other things, the discovery of new relationships, changes in market liquidity, the availability of new data or the reinterpretation of existing data. Most of Winton s investment decisions were made strictly in accordance with the output of the programs. However, Winton could have, in exceptional circumstances (such as the occurrence of events that fall outside the input parameters of the programs), made investment decisions based on other factors and took action to override the output of the programs to seek to protect the interests of investors. Willowbridge Associates Inc. The portion of the Partnership s assets that were allocated to Willowbridge for trading were not invested in commodity interests directly. Willowbridge s allocation of the Partnership s assets were invested in Willowbridge Master. Willowbridge traded the Partnership s assets allocated to it in accordance with the wPraxis Futures Trading Approach, a proprietary, discretionary trading system. The wPraxis Futures Trading Approach utilized a fully discretionary trading strategy to build a portfolio consisting of futures on currency, fixed income, stock indices and commodities. The approach could have traded commodities, futures, forwards, options, swaps, spot contracts in the commodities, currencies and fixed income markets. All positions were closely monitored to evaluate risk parameter status. As markets moved, positions were refined and expectations updated in response to existing market conditions. 
 17 

Systematica Investments Limited Systematica directly traded a managed account in the name of the Partnership pursuant to Systematica s BlueTrend Program. The BlueTrend Program had maximum flexibility to invest in a wide range of derivative instruments, including currencies, futures, options and, with prior written approval of the General Partner, swaps and other derivative instruments. Derivative instruments could have been exchange-traded or OTC, as permitted by the Commodity Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder. The BlueTrend Program could have engaged in short sales. The BlueTrend Program could also have retained amounts in cash pending reinvestment or if this was considered appropriate to the investment objective. The BlueTrend Program sought to achieve its investment objective through the implementation of a systematic trading model or portfolio of systematic trading models. Such model(s) traded in a number of foreign exchange and commodity instruments, and derivatives relating to those instruments, including swaps, indices, forwards, futures and option contracts. Specific Fund level performance information is included in Note 6 to the Partnership s financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . For the period January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, the average allocation by commodity market sector for each of the Funds was as follows: 

Transtrend Master 

Currencies 

34.4 

Energy 

9.9 

Grains 

9.0 

Indices 

13.4 

Interest Rates U.S. 

6.8 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

11.2 

Livestock 

2.7 

Metals 

5.8 

Softs 

6.8 

NL Master 

Energy 

100.0 

Drakewood Master 

Currencies 

6.5 

Metals 

93.5 
 
 18 

(a) Liquidity . The Partnership does not engage in sales of goods or services. Its assets are its (i) investment in the Funds, (ii) redemptions receivable from the Funds, (iii) equity in trading account, consisting of unrestricted and restricted cash, net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts, net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts, options purchased at fair value and investment in U.S. Treasury bills at fair value, if applicable, and (iv) interest receivable. Because of the low margin deposits normally required in commodity futures trading, relatively small price movements may result in substantial losses to the Partnership, through its investment in the Funds and direct investments. While substantial losses could lead to a material decrease in liquidity, no such illiquidity occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. To minimize the risk relating to low margin deposits, the Partnership and Funds follow certain trading policies, including: 

(i) 
 The Partnership/Funds invest their assets only in commodity interests that an Advisor believes are traded in sufficient volume to permit ease of taking and liquidating positions. Sufficient volume, in this context, refers to a level of liquidity that an Advisor believes will permit it to enter and exit trades without noticeably moving the market. 

(ii) 
 An Advisor will not initiate additional positions in any commodity if these positions would result in aggregate positions requiring a margin of more than 66 2/3 of the Partnership s net assets allocated to that Advisor. 

(iii) 
 The Partnership/Funds may occasionally accept delivery of a commodity. Unless such delivery is disposed of promptly by retendering the warehouse receipt representing the delivery to the appropriate clearinghouse, the physical commodity position is fully hedged. 

(iv) 
 The Partnership/Funds do not employ the trading technique commonly known as pyramiding, in which the speculator uses unrealized profits on existing positions as margin for the purchase or sale of additional positions in the same or related commodities. 

(v) 
 The Partnership/Funds do not utilize borrowings other than short-term borrowings if the Partnership/Funds take delivery of any cash commodities. 

(vi) 
 The Advisors may, from time to time, employ trading strategies such as spreads or straddles on behalf of the Partnership/Funds. Spreads and straddles describe commodity futures trading strategies involving the simultaneous buying and selling of futures contracts on the same commodity but involving different delivery dates or markets. 

(vii) 
 The Partnership/Funds will not permit the churning of their commodity trading accounts. The term churning refers to the practice of entering and exiting trades with a frequency unwarranted by legitimate efforts to profit from the trades, driven by the desire to generate commission income. From January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, the Partnership s average margin to equity ratio i.e., the percentage of assets on deposit required for margin) was approximately 14.1 . The foregoing margin to equity ratio takes into account cash held in the Partnership s name, as well as the allocable value of the positions and cash held on behalf of the Partnership in the name of the Funds. In the normal course of business, the Partnership and the Funds are parties to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk, including derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments. These financial instruments may include forwards, futures, options, and swaps, whose values are based upon an underlying asset, index, or reference rate, and generally represent future commitments to exchange currencies or cash balances, or to purchase or sell other financial instruments at specific terms at specified future dates, or, in the case of derivative commodity instruments, to have a reasonable possibility to be settled in cash, through physical delivery or with another financial instrument. These instruments may be traded on an exchange, a swap execution facility or OTC. Exchange-traded instruments include futures and certain standardized forward, option and swap contracts. Certain swap contracts may also be traded on a swap execution facility or OTC. OTC contracts are negotiated between contracting parties and also include certain forward and option contracts. Specific market movements of commodities or futures contracts underlying an option cannot accurately be predicted. The purchaser of an option may lose the entire premium paid for the option. The writer or seller of an option has unlimited risk. Each of these instruments is subject to various risks similar to those relating to the underlying financial instruments, including market and credit risk. In general, the risks associated with OTC contracts are greater than those associated with exchange-traded instruments because of the greater risk of default by the counterparty to an OTC contract. The General Partner estimates that at any given time approximately 0.3 to 3.7 of the Partnership s/Funds contracts are traded OTC. 
 19 

As both a buyer and seller of options, the Partnership/Funds pay or receive a premium at the outset and then bear the risk of unfavorable changes in the price of the contract underlying the option. Written options expose the Partnership/Funds to potentially unlimited liability; for purchased options, the risk of loss is limited to the premiums paid. Certain written put options permit cash settlement and do not require the option holder to own the reference asset. The Partnership/Funds do not consider these contracts to be guarantees. The Partnership and the Funds do not isolate the portion of the results of operations arising from the effect of changes in foreign exchange rates on investments from fluctuations due to changes in market prices of investments held. Such fluctuations are included in total trading results in the Partnership s/Funds Statements of Income and Expenses. Market risk is the potential for changes in the value of the financial instruments traded by the Partnership/Funds due to market changes, including interest and foreign exchange rate movements and fluctuations in commodity or security prices. Market risk is directly impacted by the volatility and liquidity in the markets in which the related underlying assets are traded. The Partnership and the Funds are exposed to market risk equal to the value of the futures and forward contracts held and unlimited liability on such contracts sold short. Credit risk is the possibility that a loss may occur due to the failure of a counterparty to perform according to the terms of a contract. The Partnership s/Funds risk of loss in the event of a counterparty default is typically limited to the amounts recognized in the Partnership s/Funds Statements of Financial Condition and is not represented by the contract or notional amounts of the instruments. The Partnership s/Funds risk of loss is reduced through the use of legally enforceable master netting agreements with counterparties that permit the Partnership/Funds to offset unrealized gains and losses and other assets and liabilities with such counterparties upon the occurrence of certain events. The Partnership/Funds have credit risk and concentration risk as MS Co. or an MS Co. affiliate are counterparties or brokers with respect to the Partnership s and the Funds assets. For certain OTC contracts traded by certain Funds, JPMorgan is the counterparty with respect to those assets. Credit risk with respect to exchange-traded instruments is reduced to the extent that, through MS Co. or an MS Co. affiliate, the Partnership s/Funds counterparty is an exchange or clearing organization. The General Partner/Trading Manager monitors and attempts to mitigate the Partnership s/Funds risk exposure on a daily basis through financial, credit and risk management monitoring systems, and accordingly, believes that it has effective procedures for evaluating and limiting the credit and market risks to which the Partnership/Funds may be subject. These monitoring systems generally allow the General Partner/Trading Manager to statistically analyze actual trading results with risk-adjusted performance indicators and correlation statistics. In addition, online monitoring systems provide account analysis of futures, exchange-cleared swaps, forward and option contracts by sector, margin requirements, gain and loss transactions and collateral positions. (See also Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . for further information on financial instrument risk included in the notes to financial statements.) The majority of these financial instruments mature within one year of the inception date. However, due to the nature of the Partnership s/Funds business, these instruments may not be held to maturity. The risk to the limited partners that have purchased Redeemable Units is limited to the amount of their share of the Partnership s net assets and undistributed profits. This limited liability is a result of the organization of the Partnership as a limited partnership under New York law. Other than the risks inherent in U.S. Treasury bills, money market mutual fund securities, commodity futures, forward, option and swap contracts, the Partnership and the Funds know of no trends, demands, commitments, events or uncertainties which will result in or which are reasonably likely to result in the Partnership s/Funds liquidity increasing or decreasing in any material way. The Limited Partnership Agreement provides that the Partnership shall terminate under certain circumstances including a decrease in net asset value per Redeemable Unit to less than 400 as of the close of business on any business day. In addition, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, cause the Partnership to dissolve if the Partnership s aggregate net assets decline to less than 1,000,000. (b) Capital Resources . (i) The Partnership has made no material commitments for capital expenditures. (ii) The Partnership s capital consists of the capital contributions of the partners, as increased or decreased by net income or losses on trading and by expenses, interest income, redemptions of Redeemable Units and distributions of profits, if any. Gains or losses on trading cannot be predicted. Market movements in commodities are dependent upon fundamental and technical factors which the Advisors may or may not be able to identify, such as changing supply and demand relationships, pandemics, epidemics and other public health crises, weather, government, agricultural, commercial and trade programs and policies, national and international political and economic events and changes in interest rates. Partnership expenses consist of, among other things, clearing fees, ongoing selling agent fees, management fees, the General Partner fee and expenses allocated from Funds. The level of these expenses is dependent upon trading performance and the level of net assets maintained. In addition, the amount of interest income earned by the Partnership/Funds is dependent upon (1) the average daily equity maintained in cash in the Partnership s and/or the Funds accounts, (2) the amount of U.S. Treasury bills and/or money market mutual fund securities held by the Partnership and/or the Funds and (3) interest rates over which none of the Partnership, the Funds, MS Co. or JPMorgan has control. 
 20 

No forecast can be made as to the level of redemptions in any given period. A limited partner may require the Partnership to redeem some or all of their Redeemable Units at the net asset value per Redeemable Unit as of the end of each month on three business days notice to the General Partner. There is no fee charged to limited partners in connection with redemptions. Redemptions are generally funded out of the Partnership s cash holdings and/or redemptions from the Funds. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 11,595.8130 limited partner Redeemable Units of Class A were redeemed totaling 42,915,882, 1,143.3990 limited partner Redeemable Units of Class Z were redeemed totaling 1,579,926 and 332.3780 General Partner Redeemable Units of Class Z were redeemed totaling 500,000. For the year ended December 31, 2021, 18,931.4120 limited partner Redeemable Units of Class A were redeemed totaling 55,866,712, 563.8280 limited partner Redeemable Units of Class Z were redeemed totaling 688,845 and 753.5340 General Partner Redeemable Units of Class Z were redeemed totaling 925,001. For the year ended December 31, 2020, 48,307.6010 limited partner Redeemable Units of Class A were redeemed totaling 130,096,487, 986.6240 limited partner Redeemable Units of Class Z were redeemed totaling 1,068,080 and 1,234.3940 General Partner Redeemable Units of Class Z were redeemed totaling 1,400,000. The Partnership continues to offer Redeemable Units at the net asset value per Redeemable Unit as of the end of each month. For the year ended December 31, 2022, there were subscriptions of 5,048.2520 limited partner Redeemable Units of Class A totaling 18,407,264 and 1,419.3580 limited partner Redeemable Units of Class Z totaling 2,155,000. For the year ended December 31, 2021, there were subscriptions of 2,047.8500 limited partner Redeemable Units of Class A totaling 6,021,943 and 256.7220 limited partner Redeemable Units of Class Z totaling 309,685. For the year ended December 31, 2020, there were subscriptions of 1,768.3640 limited partner Redeemable Units of Class A totaling 4,739,834 and 57.1160 limited partner Redeemable Units of Class Z totaling 62,500. (c) Results of Operations . For the year ended December 31, 2022, the net asset value per Redeemable Unit for Class A increased 12.4 from 3,219.06 to 3,618.20. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the net asset value per Redeemable Unit for Class Z increased 13.3 from 1,328.23 to 1,504.31. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the net asset value per Redeemable Unit for Class A increased 16.2 from 2,769.71 to 3,219.06. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the net asset value per Redeemable Unit for Class Z increased 17.1 from 1,134.16 to 1,328.23. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the net asset value per Redeemable Unit for Class A increased 1.5 from 2,728.91 to 2,769.71. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the net asset value per Redeemable Unit for Class Z increased 2.5 from 1,106.01 to 1,134.16. The Partnership experienced a net trading gain of 68,379,601 before fees and expenses in 2022. Gains were primarily attributable to the Partnership s/Funds trading in currencies, energy, grains, indices, U.S. and non-U.S. interest rates and were partially offset by losses in livestock, metals and softs. During the first quarter, the most notable gains were achieved within the energy markets during January, February, and March from long positions in natural gas, European electrical power, Brent crude oil, and coal futures as energy prices surged on the combination of the impact of the Russian invasion of Ukraine on global energy supplies and growing consumption demand. Additional gains were recorded within the global fixed income sector during March from short positions in U.S. Treasury note futures as prices declined amid an outlook for the U.S. Federal Reserve to be aggressive in raising interest rates in its efforts to combat inflation. Gains in the agricultural markets were experienced during February from long positions in wheat, corn, and soybean futures as prices rallied amid concern Russia s invasion of Ukraine would curtail grain exports from those countries. Within the metals markets, gains were achieved during February and March from long positions in gold futures as investor demand for safe-haven assets boosted gold prices. Further gains were recorded during February within the global stock index sector from short positions in U.S. equity index futures as stock prices declined. Gains within the currency markets were achieved during March from short positions in the euro versus the U.S. dollar as the value of the European currency weakened against the dollar amid the war in Ukraine. During the second quarter, the Partnership s most significant gains were achieved within the energies during April and May from long positions in a variety of energy products as high global demand continued amid widespread supply shortfalls. Further gains were achieved within the global stock index sector during April and June from short positions in U.S. equity index futures as stock prices continued to decline. Within global fixed income, gains were recorded during April and June from short positions in U.S. and European fixed income futures as global central banks stepped up measures to battle decades-high inflation. Gains in the currencies were recorded during April and June from short positions in the euro and Japanese yen versus the U.S. dollar as the relative value of the dollar strengthened. A portion of the Partnership s gains for the second quarter was offset by losses incurred in the metals markets from long positions in gold futures as a strengthening U.S. dollar throughout the quarter diminished demand for precious metals. Additional losses were experienced within the agricultural markets during June from long positions in grains and soft commodities. 
 21 

During the third quarter, Partnership s most significant gains were achieved within the currency sector during August and September from long positions in the U.S. dollar versus the euro, Japanese yen, and British pound as the value of the dollar continued to rally amid signs of rising interest rates. Further gains were recorded in the global fixed income markets during August and September from short positions in U.S. Treasury note and European bond futures. In the energies, gains were achieved during July and August from long positions in U.S. and European natural gas and European electrical power futures as heatwaves in both the U.S. and Europe pushed prices higher. Additional gains were recorded within the global stock index markets during September from long positions in U.S., Asian, and European equity indices. A portion of the Partnership s gains for the third quarter was offset by losses incurred within the agricultural complex throughout the quarter from long futures positions in livestock, grains and soft commodities as agricultural commodity prices reversed lower. Within the metals sector, losses were experienced during July from long positions in gold and silver futures as precious metals prices declined amid a strengthening U.S. dollar. During the fourth quarter, the Partnership s most significant losses were incurred in the global stock index markets from short futures positions in global equity indices in October and November and from long futures positions in Asian and European indices during December as investor appetite for risk assets shifted. During November and December additional losses were recorded from short positions in the Japanese yen and euro versus the U.S. dollar as the relative value of the dollar fell amid speculation the Fed would be less aggressive in raising interest rates. Losses were also recorded from short positions in global fixed income futures during November and December. Long positions in agricultural futures recorded losses during November. In the metals, losses were incurred during November from short positions in gold futures as demand for precious metals increased amid the weakening U.S. dollar. Smaller losses were experienced in the energy sector as gains from long positions in several global energy products were more than offset by losses recorded during November and December. The Partnership experienced a net trading gain of 80,650,513 before fees and expenses in 2021. Gains were primarily attributable to the Partnership s/Funds trading in energy, grains, indices, livestock and softs and were partially offset by losses in currencies, U.S. and non-U.S. interest rates and metals. During the first quarter of 2021, the most notable gains were achieved within the energy markets during February and March from long positions in European carbon emission futures as prices surged higher on an outlook for growth in global industrial demand. Within the agricultural sector, gains were experienced during February from long futures positions in the grains as prices advanced amid adverse weather in key growing regions in North and South America threatening crop plantings. Gains were also recorded within the global stock index markets during all three months of the first quarter primarily from long positions in U.S. and Asian equity index futures amid continued strong investor demand for risk assets. Additional gains were achieved within the metals markets during February from long positions in copper futures as prices rallied on optimism global manufacturing demand would accelerate post-COVID. Further gains were recorded during March within the global fixed income sector from short positions in U.S. Treasury bond futures as interest rates moved higher amid growing inflationary concerns, pushing prices lower. The Partnership s overall trading gains for the first quarter were partially offset by trading losses within the currency sector from long positions in the euro, Australian dollar, Canadian dollar and Japanese yen versus the U.S. dollar as the value of U.S. currency advanced as the pace of the U.S. vaccine rollout accelerated. During the second quarter of 2021, the Partnership s most significant gains were achieved within the energy sector during April, May, and June from long futures positions in crude oil and its refined products, natural gas, coal, freight, and carbon emissions as prices surged higher amid optimism for a rebound in global economic strength as more countries eased COVID-related lockdown measures. Gains within the agricultural sector were recorded during April and June from long positions in corn futures as supply constraints and growing consumption demand boosted prices. Within global stock indices, gains were experienced during April from long positions in U.S. and Asian equity index futures as prices advanced on steady investor demand for risk assets. Additional gains were achieved within the metals sector during April and May from long positions in copper futures as prices moved higher amid signs of tightening global stockpiles. A portion of the Partnership s gains for the second quarter was offset by losses incurred within the global fixed income sector during April, May, and June from short positions in U.S. and European fixed income futures as central banks signaled they would remain committed to easing policies. Further losses were experienced within the currencies during June from long positions in the Canadian dollar versus the U.S. dollar as the relative value of the U.S. currency moved higher. 
 22 

During the third quarter of 2021, the Partnership s most significant gains were achieved within the energy sector during July, August and September from long positions in natural gas, coal, and European electrical power futures as a combination of supply and demand factors boosted energy prices globally. Gains were also recorded in the agricultural markets during July, August and September from long positions in coffee, cotton, and sugar futures as inflationary pressures impacted the prices of consumer products. Further gains were experienced within the global stock index sector during July and August from long positions in U.S., European, and Asian equity index futures as global stock prices advanced on steady investor appetite for risk assets. A portion of the Partnership s gains for the third quarter was offset by losses incurred within the global fixed income sector during August and September primarily from long positions in European and U.S. fixed income futures. Within the metals, losses were recorded during August and September from long positions in copper and gold futures as a strengthening U.S. dollar adversely impacted demand for both precious and industrial metals. Smaller losses were incurred within the currencies during July from short positions in the Japanese yen. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Partnership s most significant gains were achieved within the energy sector during November and December from long positions in carbon emission futures as an outlook for increased energy consumption and growing environmental regulations pushed prices higher. Additional gains in the energies were recorded during November and December from short positions in natural gas futures. Within the global stock index sector, gains were achieved during October and December from long positions in U.S. and European equity index futures as steady investor demand for risk assets boosted stock prices. A portion of the Partnership s gains for the fourth quarter was offset by losses incurred within the global fixed income sector during October and December from long positions in European fixed income futures as prices declined amid speculation the European Central Bank s fight against inflation would push interest rates higher. Losses within the metals markets were recorded during November from long positions in gold futures as a strengthening U.S. dollar weakened demand for precious metals. The results of operations for the twelve months ended 2020 is discussed under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. Interest income is earned on 100 of the average daily equity maintained in cash in the Partnership s (or the Partnership s allocable portion of a Fund s, except for Transtrend Master s) brokerage account during each month at the rate equal to the monthly average of the 4-week U.S. Treasury bill discount rate. MS Co. will pay monthly interest to Transtrend Master on 100 of the average daily equity maintained in cash in Transtrend Master s brokerage account during each month at the rate equal to the monthly average of the 4-week U.S. Treasury bill discount rate less 0.15 during such month but in no event less than zero. When the effective rate is less than zero, no interest is earned. For the avoidance of doubt, the Partnership/Funds will not receive interest on amounts in the futures brokerage account that are committed to margin. Any interest earned on the Partnership s and/or each Fund s cash account in excess of the amounts described above, if any, will be retained by MS Co. and/or shared with the General Partner. All interest earned on U.S. Treasury bills and money market mutual fund securities will be retained by the Partnership and/or the Funds, as applicable. Any interest income earned on collateral or excess cash deposited by certain of the Funds and held by JPMorgan in its capacity as such Funds forward foreign currency counterparty will be retained by such Funds, and the Partnership will receive its allocable portion of such interest from the applicable Fund. Interest income earned by the Partnership for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 increased by 2,888,829 and 5,065,648, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. The increase in interest income is primarily due to higher interest rates during the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. Interest earned by the Partnership will increase the net asset value of the Partnership. The amount of interest income earned by the Partnership depends on (1) the average daily equity maintained in cash in the Partnership s and/or the Funds accounts, (2) the amount of U.S. Treasury bills and/or money market mutual fund securities held by the Partnership and/or the Funds and (3) interest rates over which none of the Partnership, the Funds, MS Co. or JPMorgan has control. Certain clearing fees are based on the number of trades executed by the Advisors for the Partnership/Funds. Accordingly, they must be compared in relation to the number of trades executed during the period. Clearing fees related to direct investments for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 increased by 13,956 and decreased by 395,795, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. The increase in these clearing fees is primarily due to a increase in the number of direct trades made by the Partnership during the three months ended December 31, 2022, and the decrease in these clearing fees is primarily due to a decrease in the number of direct trades made by the Partnership during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. Ongoing selling agent fees are calculated as a percentage of the Partnership s adjusted net asset value for Class A Redeemable Units as of the end of each month and are affected by trading performance, subscriptions and redemptions. Prior to July 1, 2020, ongoing selling agent fees were based on the number of trades executed by the Advisors and the adjusted month-end net asset value of Class A Redeemable Units calculated monthly. Accordingly, ongoing selling agent fees prior to July 1, 2020 must be compared in relation to the number of trades executed during the period as well as the fluctuations in the monthly net asset values. Ongoing selling agent fees for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 increased by 69,245 and 318,156, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. The increase in ongoing selling agent fees is primarily due to higher average adjusted net assets during the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. 
 23 

Management fees, except fees payable to Transtrend, are calculated as a percentage of the Partnership s adjusted net asset value as of the end of each month and are affected by trading performance, subscriptions and redemptions. Accordingly, they must be compared in relation to the fluctuations in the monthly net asset values. Management fees payable to Transtrend are charged at the Transtrend Master level and are affected by trading performance, subscriptions and redemptions of Transtrend Master. Management fees for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 increased by 186,655 and 394,253, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. The increase in management fees is due to higher average adjusted net assets during the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. Fees are paid to the General Partner for administering the business and affairs of the Partnership including, among other things, (i) selecting, appointing and terminating the Partnership s commodity trading advisors, (ii) allocating and reallocating the Partnership s assets among the commodity trading advisors and (iii) monitoring the activities of the commodity trading advisors. These fees are calculated as a percentage of the Partnership s adjusted net asset value as of the end of each month and are affected by trading performance, subscriptions and redemptions. Accordingly, they must be compared in relation to the fluctuations in the monthly net asset values. The General Partner fee for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 increased by 72,729 and 324,434, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. The increase in the General Partner fee is due to higher average adjusted net assets during the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. Incentive fees paid by the Partnership are based on the New Trading Profits, as defined in the respective Management Agreements among the Partnership, the General Partner and each Advisor, generated by each Advisor at the end of the quarter, calendar half year or annually, as applicable. Trading performance for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 resulted in a reversal of incentive fees of 2,288,656 and incentive fees of 14,168,615, respectively. Trading performance for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2021 resulted in incentive fees of 1,367,173 and 13,699,396, respectively. To the extent an Advisor incurs a loss for the Partnership, the Advisor will not be paid an incentive fee until such Advisor recovers any net loss incurred by the Advisor and earns additional new trading profits for the Partnership. The Partnership pays professional fees, which generally include legal, accounting expenses, administrative, filing, reporting and data processing fees. Professional fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 926,706 and 1,005,392, respectively. In the General Partner s opinion, the Partnership s Advisors continue to employ trading methods consistent with the objectives of the Partnership. The General Partner monitors the Advisors performance on a daily, weekly, monthly and annual basis to assure these objectives are met. Commodity futures markets are highly volatile. Broad price fluctuations and rapid inflation increase the risks involved in commodity trading, but also increase the possibility of profit. The profitability of the Partnership/Funds depends on the existence of major price trends and the ability of the Advisors to correctly identify those price trends. Price trends are influenced by, among other things, changing supply and demand relationships, pandemics, epidemics, and other health crises, weather, governmental, agricultural, commercial and trade programs and policies, national and international political and economic events and changes in interest rates. To the extent that market trends exist and the Advisors are able to identify them, the Funds and the Partnership expect to increase capital through operations. In allocating the assets of the Partnership among the Advisors, the General Partner considers, among other factors, each Advisor s past performance, trading style, volatility of markets traded and fee requirements. The General Partner may modify or terminate the allocation of assets among the Advisors and may allocate assets to additional advisors at any time. Each Advisor s percentage allocation and trading program is described in the Overview section of this Item 7. (d) Off-balance Sheet Arrangements . None. (e) Contractual Obligations . None. (f) Operational Risk . The Partnership, directly or indirectly through its investment in the Funds, is exposed to market risk and credit risk, which arise in the normal course of its business activities. Slightly less direct, but of critical importance, are risks pertaining to operational and back office support. This is particularly the case in a rapidly changing and increasingly global environment with increasing transaction volumes and an expansion in the number and complexity of products in the marketplace. Such risks include: Operational/Settlement Risk the risk of financial and opportunity loss and legal liability attributable to operational problems, such as inaccurate pricing of transactions, untimely trade execution, clearance and/or settlement, or the inability to process large volumes of transactions. The Partnership/Funds are subject to increased risks with respect to their trading activities in emerging market instruments, where clearance, settlement, and/or custodial risks are often greater than in more established markets. Technological Risk the risk of loss attributable to technological limitations or hardware failure that constrain the Partnership s/Funds ability to gather, process, and communicate information efficiently and securely, without interruption, to customers and in the markets where the Partnership/Funds participate. Additionally, the General Partner s computer systems may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, mishandling or misuse, computer viruses or malware, cyber-attacks and other events that could have a security impact on such systems. If one or more of such events occur, this potentially could jeopardize a limited partner s personal, confidential, proprietary or other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, the General Partner s 
 24 

computer systems, and adversely affect the Partnership s business, financial condition or results of operations. Legal/Documentation Risk the risk of loss attributable to deficiencies in the documentation of transactions (such as trade confirmations) and customer relationships (such as master netting agreements) or errors that result in non-compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. Financial Control Risk the risk of loss attributable to limitations in financial systems and controls. Strong financial systems and controls ensure that assets are safeguarded, that transactions are executed in accordance with the General Partner s authorization, and that financial information utilized by the General Partner and communicated to external parties, including the Partnership s Redeemable Unit holders, creditors, and regulators, is free of material errors. (g) Critical Accounting Policies . The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires the General Partner to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting period. As a result, actual results could differ from these estimates. A summary of the Partnership s significant accounting policies is described in Note 2 to the Partnership s financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . The Partnership s most significant accounting policy is the valuation of its investment in the Funds and in futures, option and forward contracts and U.S. Treasury bills, as applicable. The Partnership carries its investment in Transtrend Master, NL Master and Drakewood Master based on the Partnership s (1) net contributions to Transtrend Master, NL Master and Drakewood Master and (2) its allocated share of the undistributed profits and losses, including realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses), of Transtrend Master, NL Master and Drakewood Master. The Partnership carried its investment in FORT Contrarian Master based on the Partnership s (1) net contributions to FORT Contrarian Master and (2) its allocated share of the undistributed profits and losses, including realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses), of FORT Contrarian Master. The Partnership carried its investment in Winton Master based on Winton Master s net asset value per redeemable unit as calculated by Winton Master. The Partnership carried its investment in Willowbridge Master based on Willowbridge Master s net asset value per redeemable unit as calculated by Willowbridge Master. The fair value of exchange-traded futures, option and forward contracts is determined by the various exchanges, and reflects the settlement price for each contract as of the close of business on the last business day of the reporting period. The fair value of foreign currency forward contracts is extrapolated on a forward basis from the spot prices quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period from various exchanges. The fair value of non-exchange-traded foreign currency option contracts is calculated by applying an industry standard model application for options valuation of foreign currency options, using as inputs the spot prices, interest rates, and option implied volatilities quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period. U.S. Treasury bills are valued at the last available bid price received from independent pricing services as of the close of the last business day of the reporting period. 
 25 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk . The Partnership/Funds are speculative commodity pools. The market sensitive instruments held by the Partnership/Funds are acquired for speculative trading purposes, and all or substantially all of the Partnership s/Funds assets are subject to the risk of trading loss. Unlike an operating company, the risk of market sensitive instruments is integral, not incidental, to the Partnership s/Funds main line of business. The limited partners will not be liable for losses exceeding the current net asset value of their investment. This limited liability is a result of the organization of the Partnership as a limited partnership under New York law. Market movements result in frequent changes in the fair value of the Partnership s/Funds open contracts and, consequently, in their earnings and cash balances. The Partnership s/Funds market risk is influenced by a wide variety of factors. These primarily include factors which affect energy price levels, including supply factors and weather conditions, but could also include the level and volatility of interest rates, exchange rates, equity price levels, the market value of financial instruments and contracts, the diversification effects among the Partnership s/Funds open contracts and the liquidity of the markets in which they trade. The Partnership/Funds rapidly acquire and liquidate both long and short positions in a wide range of different markets. Consequently, it is not possible to predict how a particular future market scenario will affect performance, and the Partnership s/Funds past performances is not necessarily indicative of their future results. Value at Risk is a measure of the maximum amount which the Partnership/Funds could reasonably be expected to lose in a given market sector. However, the inherent uncertainty of the Partnership s/Funds speculative trading and the recurrence in the markets traded by the Partnership/Funds of market movements far exceeding expectations could result in actual trading or non-trading losses far beyond the indicated Value at Risk or the Partnership s/Funds experience to date (i.e., risk of ruin ). In light of the foregoing, as well as the risks and uncertainties intrinsic to all future projections, the inclusion of the quantification in this section should not be considered to constitute any assurance or representation that the Partnership s/Funds losses in any market sector will be limited to Value at Risk or by the Partnership s/Funds attempts to manage their market risk. Materiality as used in this section is based on an assessment of reasonably possible market movements and the potential losses caused by such movements, taking into account the leverage, optionality and multiplier features of the Partnership s/Funds market sensitive instruments. Quantifying the Partnership s Trading Value at Risk The following quantitative disclosures regarding the Partnership s/Funds market risk exposures contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor from civil liability provided for such statements by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (set forth in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )). All quantitative disclosures in this section are deemed to be forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor except for statements of historical fact (such as the terms of particular contracts and the number of market risk sensitive instruments held during or at the end of the reporting period). The Partnership s/Funds risk exposure in the various market sectors traded by the Advisors is quantified below in terms of Value at Risk. Due to the Partnership s/Funds mark-to-market accounting, any loss in the fair value of the Partnership s/Funds open positions, including investment in the Funds, is directly reflected in the Partnership s earnings (realized or unrealized) and cash balances. Exchange margin requirements have been used by the Partnership/Funds as the measure of their Value at Risk. Margin requirements are set by exchanges to equal or exceed the maximum losses reasonably expected to be incurred in the fair value of any given contract in 95 -99 of any one-day interval. The margin levels are established by dealers and exchanges using historical price studies as well as an assessment of current market volatility (including the implied volatility of the options on a given futures contract) and economic fundamentals to provide a probabilistic estimate of the maximum expected near-term one-day price fluctuation. In the case of market sensitive instruments which are not exchange-traded (almost exclusively currencies in the case of the Partnership/Funds), the margin requirements for the equivalent futures positions have been used as Value at Risk. In those rare cases in which a futures-equivalent margin is not available, dealers margins have been used. The fair value of the Partnership s/Funds futures and forward positions does not have any optionality component. However, the Advisors do trade commodity options. Where this instrument is a futures contract, the futures margin has been used, and where this instrument is a physical commodity, the futures-equivalent margin has been used. This calculation is conservative in that it assumes that the fair value of an option will decline by the same amount as the fair value of the underlying instrument, whereas, in fact, the fair values of the options traded by the Partnership/Funds in almost all cases fluctuate to a lesser extent than those of the underlying instruments. In quantifying the Partnership s/Funds Value at Risk, 100 positive correlation in the different positions held in each market risk category has been assumed. Consequently, the margin requirements applicable to the open contracts have simply been added to determine each trading category s aggregate Value at Risk. The diversification effects resulting from the fact that the Partnership s/Funds positions are rarely, if ever, 100 positively correlated have not been reflected. 
 26 

The Partnership s and the Funds Trading Value at Risk in Different Market Sectors Value at Risk tables represent a probabilistic assessment of the risk of loss in market risk sensitive instruments. As of December 31, 2022, JSCL, Quantica and Breakout directly traded managed accounts in the name of the Partnership. Transtrend, Northlander and Drakewood trade the Partnership s assets indirectly in master fund managed accounts established in the name of the master funds over which they have been granted limited authority to make trading decisions. The first two trading Value at Risk tables reflect the market sensitive instruments held by the Partnership directly and through its investment in the Funds. The remaining trading Value at Risk tables reflect the market sensitive instruments held by the Partnership directly (i.e. in the managed accounts in the Partnership s name traded by JSCL, Quantica and Breakout, as applicable) and indirectly by each Fund separately as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The following tables indicate the trading Value at Risk associated with the Partnership s open positions by market category as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Partnership s total capitalization was 383,024,982. December 31, 2022 

Market Sector 
 
 Value at Risk 
 
 of Total Capitalization 

Currencies 

8,017,784 

2.09 

Energy 

17,436,644 

4.55 

Grains 

3,938,540 

1.03 

Indices 

10,050,993 

2.62 

Interest Rates U.S. 

1,998,659 

0.52 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

5,408,905 

1.41 

Livestock 

1,056,578 

0.28 

Metals 

4,165,258 

1.09 

Softs 

3,597,942 

0.94 

Total 

55,671,303 

14.53 

As of December 31, 2021, the Partnership s total capitalization was 361,858,030. December 31, 2021 

Market Sector 
 
 Value at Risk 
 
 of Total Capitalization 

Currencies 

7,342,187 

2.03 

Energy 

14,090,651 

3.89 

Grains 

2,932,799 

0.81 

Indices 

6,845,313 

1.89 

Interest Rates U.S. 

1,437,916 

0.40 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

2,696,233 

0.75 

Livestock 

952,985 

0.26 

Metals 

2,477,971 

0.68 

Softs 

2,377,888 

0.66 

Total 

41,153,943 

11.37 

27 

The following tables indicate the trading Value at Risk associated with the Partnership s direct investments and indirect investments in the Funds by market category as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the highest and lowest at any point and average value during the years. All open position trading risk exposures have been included in calculating the figures set forth below. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Partnership s Value at Risk for the portion of its assets that were traded directly was as follows: December 31, 2022 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Market Sector 
 
 Value at Risk 
 
 of Total Capitalization 

High Value at Risk 
 
 Low Value at Risk 
 
 Average Value at Risk 

Currencies 

4,469,550 

1.17 

8,629,060 

956,385 

3,783,452 

Energy 

13,756,601 

3.59 

26,951,155 

4,613,383 

12,487,069 

Grains 

2,482,093 

0.65 

3,495,526 

541,089 

1,594,920 

Indices 

6,844,757 

1.79 

9,976,229 

1,641,275 

4,732,340 

Interest Rates U.S. 

960,055 

0.25 

3,641,550 

287,060 

1,285,637 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

3,939,176 

1.03 

3,939,176 

530,837 

1,993,174 

Livestock 

499,263 

0.13 

806,383 

120,794 

386,962 

Metals 

2,147,046 

0.56 

4,483,481 

709,979 

2,159,177 

Softs 

2,030,653 

0.53 

2,162,649 

468,817 

1,303,570 

Total 

37,129,194 

9.70 

Annual average of daily Values at Risk. December 31, 2021 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Market Sector 
 
 Value at Risk 
 
 of Total Capitalization 

High Value at Risk 
 
 Low Value at Risk 
 
 Average Value at Risk 

Currencies 

1,840,289 

0.51 

6,665,910 

1,679,705 

3,854,279 

Energy 

8,607,368 

2.38 

10,751,047 

4,470,947 

7,043,654 

Grains 

858,443 

0.24 

3,853,094 

726,045 

1,834,983 

Indices 

2,539,386 

0.70 

11,729,602 

2,092,198 

4,777,741 

Interest Rates U.S. 

553,290 

0.15 

3,783,562 

313,058 

1,505,505 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

752,788 

0.21 

6,868,118 

645,511 

3,606,934 

Livestock 

269,610 

0.07 

977,708 

93,704 

559,894 

Metals 

1,078,797 

0.30 

3,978,117 

676,242 

2,299,063 

Softs 

1,086,622 

0.30 

3,534,137 

1,006,127 

1,662,532 

Total 

17,586,593 

4.86 

Annual average of daily Values at Risk. 
 28 

At December 31, 2022, Transtrend Master s total capitalization was 71,102,465 and the Partnership owned 100.0 of Transtrend Master. As of December 31, 2022, Transtrend Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Transtrend for trading) was as follows: December 31, 2022 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Market Sector 
 
 Value at Risk 
 
 of Total Capitalization 

High Value at Risk 
 
 Low Value at Risk 
 
 Average Value at Risk 

Currencies 

3,413,881 

4.80 

8,876,351 

3,049,192 

6,252,833 

Energy 

426,925 

0.60 

3,249,261 

426,925 

1,811,285 

Grains 

1,456,447 

2.05 

2,576,615 

481,929 

1,651,590 

Indices 

3,206,236 

4.51 

4,276,625 

629,548 

2,406,308 

Interest Rates U.S. 

1,038,604 

1.46 

2,315,190 

463,902 

1,228,588 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

1,469,729 

2.07 

3,889,469 

763,706 

2,016,596 

Livestock 

557,315 

0.78 

950,455 

42,020 

498,589 

Metals 

382,213 

0.54 

2,208,645 

256,124 

1,053,948 

Softs 

1,567,289 

2.20 

1,865,217 

468,210 

1,225,958 

Total 

13,518,639 

19.01 

Annual average of daily Values at Risk. At December 31, 2021, Transtrend Master s total capitalization was 56,580,003 and the Partnership owned 100.0 of Transtrend Master. As of December 31, 2021, Transtrend Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Transtrend for trading) was as follows: December 31, 2021 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Market Sector 
 
 Value at Risk 
 
 of Total Capitalization 

High Value at Risk 
 
 Low Value at Risk 
 
 Average Value at Risk 

Currencies 

5,501,898 

9.72 

6,059,954 

2,844,891 

4,276,357 

Energy 

1,609,110 

2.84 

2,823,937 

1,010,513 

1,917,083 

Grains 

2,074,356 

3.67 

2,194,459 

690,338 

1,453,799 

Indices 

4,305,927 

7.61 

4,524,201 

1,398,613 

2,638,501 

Interest Rates U.S. 

884,626 

1.56 

1,273,527 

110,012 

722,704 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

1,943,445 

3.43 

4,360,437 

555,327 

2,185,233 

Livestock 

683,375 

1.21 

800,030 

152,062 

493,212 

Metals 

1,399,174 

2.47 

2,536,086 

794,627 

1,488,952 

Softs 

1,291,266 

2.28 

1,992,444 

750,065 

1,212,201 

Total 

19,693,177 

34.79 

Annual average of daily Values at Risk. 
 29 

At December 31, 2022, NL Master s total capitalization was 45,265,820 and the Partnership owned approximately 71.4 of NL Master. As of December 31, 2022, NL Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Northlander for trading) was as follows: December 31, 2022 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Market Sector 
 
 Value at Risk 
 
 of Total Capitalization 

High Value at Risk 
 
 Low Value at Risk 
 
 Average Value at Risk 

Energy 

4,556,188 

10.07 

12,485,381 

2,176,917 

6,028,438 

Total 

4,556,188 

10.07 

Annual average of daily Values at Risk. At December 31, 2021, NL Master s total capitalization was 42,253,950 and the Partnership owned approximately 74.0 of NL Master. As of December 31, 2021, NL Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Northlander for trading) was as follows: December 31, 2021 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Market Sector 
 
 Value at Risk 
 
 of Total Capitalization 

High Value at Risk 
 
 Low Value at Risk 
 
 Average Value at Risk 

Energy 

5,235,369 

12.39 

12,881,816 

670,621 

3,221,401 

Total 

5,235,369 

12.39 

Annual average of daily Values at Risk. At December 31, 2022, Drakewood Master s total capitalization was 43,497,389 and the Partnership owned 68.2 of Drakewood Master. As of December 31, 2022, Drakewood Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Drakewood for trading) was as follows: December 31, 2022 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Market Sector 
 
 Value at Risk 
 
 of Total Capitalization 

High Value at Risk 
 
 Low Value at Risk 
 
 Average Value at Risk 

Currencies 

196,999 

0.45 

343,915 

- 

209,170 

Metals 

2,398,825 

5.51 

5,048,668 

36,300 

3,087,344 

Total 

2,595,824 

5.96 

Annual average of daily Values at Risk. Material Limitations on Value at Risk as an Assessment of Market Risk The face value of the market sector instruments held by the Partnership/Funds is typically many times the applicable maintenance margin requirement (margin requirements generally range between 1 and 15 of contract face value, although an exchange may increase margin requirements on short notice) as well as many times the capitalization of the Partnership/Funds. The magnitude of the Partnership s/Funds open positions creates a risk of ruin not typically found in most other investment vehicles. Because of the size of the Partnership s/Funds positions, certain market conditions unusual, but historically recurring from time to time could cause the Partnership/Funds to incur severe losses over a short period of time. The foregoing Value at Risk tables as well as the past performance of the Partnership/Funds give no indication of this risk of ruin. 
 30 

Non-Trading Risk The Partnership/Funds have non-trading market risk on their foreign cash balances not needed for margin. However, these balances (as well as any market risk they represent) are immaterial. A decline in short-term interest rates would result in a decline in the Partnership s cash management income. This cash flow risk is not considered to be material. Materiality, as used throughout this section, is based on an assessment of reasonably possible market movements and any associated potential losses, taking into account the leverage, optionality and multiplier features of the Partnership s/Funds market-sensitive instruments, in relation to the Partnership s/Funds net assets. Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Primary Trading Risk Exposures The following qualitative disclosures regarding the Partnership s/Funds market risk exposures except for (i) those disclosures that are statements of historical fact and (ii) the descriptions of how the Partnership/Funds manage their primary market risk exposures constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. The Partnership s/Funds primary market risk exposures, as well as the strategies used and to be used by the General Partner and the Advisors for managing such exposures, are subject to numerous uncertainties, contingencies and risks, any one of which could cause the actual results of the Partnership s/Funds risk control to differ materially from the objectives of such strategies. Government interventions, pandemics, epidemics, and other public health crises, defaults and expropriations, illiquid markets, the emergence of dominant fundamental factors, political upheavals, changes in historical price relationships, an influx of new market participants, increased regulation and many other factors could result in material losses as well as in material changes to the risk exposures and the management strategies of the Partnership/Funds. There can be no assurance that the Partnership s/Funds current market exposure and/or risk management strategies will not change materially or that any such strategies will be effective in either the short or long term. Investors must be prepared to lose all or substantially all of their investment in the Partnership. The following were the primary trading risk exposures of the Partnership/Funds on December 31, 2022, by market sector. It may be anticipated, however, that these market exposures will vary materially over time. Currencies . Partnership s/Funds currency exposure is to exchange rate fluctuations, primarily fluctuations that disrupt the historical pricing relationships between different currencies and currency pairs. These fluctuations are influenced by interest rate changes as well as political and general economic conditions. The General Partner/Trading Manager does not anticipate that the risk profile of the Partnership s/Funds currency sector will change significantly in the future. Equities . The Partnership s/Funds primary equity exposure is to equity price risk in the G20 countries. The stock index futures traded by the Partnership/Funds are limited to futures on broadly based indices. As of December 31, 2022, the Partnership s/Funds primary exposures were in the DAX (Germany), CBOE VIX Volatility Index (U.S.), FTSE 100 (United Kingdom), SPI 200 (Australia), CAC 40 (France), S P/TSX 60 (Canada), and S P 500 (U.S.) stock indices. The Partnership/Funds is primarily exposed to the risk of adverse price trends or static markets in the major European, U.S., and Pacific Rim indices, as well as in global emerging markets. Static markets would not cause major market changes but would make it difficult for the Partnership/Funds to avoid being whipsawed into numerous small losses. Interest Rates . Interest rate movements directly affect the price of the futures positions held by the Partnership/Funds and indirectly the value of its stock index and currency positions. Interest rate movements in one country as well as relative interest rate movements between countries materially affect the Partnership s/Funds profitability. The Partnership s/Funds primary interest rate exposure is to interest rate fluctuations in the United States and the other G7 countries. However, the Partnership/Funds may also take futures positions on the government debt of smaller economies e.g., Australia. Commodities: Grains . The Partnership s/Funds trading risk exposure in the grains is primarily to agricultural price movements, which are often directly affected by severe or unexpected weather conditions. The soybean complex, wheat, corn, and canola accounted for the majority of the Partnership s/Funds grain exposure as of December 31, 2022. Metals . The Partnership s/Funds primary metal market exposure as of December 31, 2022, was to fluctuations in the prices of iron, nickel, copper, tin, gold, silver and palladium. Softs . The Partnership s/Funds trading risk exposure in the soft commodities is to agricultural-related price movements, which are often directly affected by severe or unexpected weather conditions. Sugar, coffee, cocoa, and cotton accounted for the majority of the Partnership s/Funds soft commodities exposure as of December 31, 2022. Energy . The Partnership s/Funds primary energy market exposure is to oil and natural gas price movements, often resulting from political developments in the Middle East, weather conditions, and other factors contributing to supply and demand. Further energy market exposure is to the carbon emission, European electric power, and coal markets which are subject to price movements driven by geopolitical events, climate related regulation, and supply and demand related factors. Energy prices can be volatile and substantial profits and losses, which have been experienced in the past, are expected to continue to be experienced in these markets in the future. Livestock . The Partnership s/Funds primary risk exposure in livestock is to fluctuations in cattle and hog prices. 
 31 

Freight and Shipping . The Partnership s/Funds primary risk exposure in freight and shipping is to changes in the costs involved in the transportation of raw materials. Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Non-Trading Risk Exposure The following was the only non-trading risk exposure of the Partnership/Funds as of December 31, 2022. Foreign Currency Balances . The Partnership/Funds may hold various foreign currency balances. The Advisors regularly convert foreign currency balances to U.S. dollars in an attempt to control the Partnership s/Funds non-trading risk. Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Means of Managing Risk Exposure The General Partner/Trading Manager monitors and attempts to mitigate the Partnership s/Funds risk exposure on a daily basis through financial, credit and risk management monitoring systems and accordingly, believes that it has effective procedures for evaluating and limiting the credit and market risks to which the Partnership/Funds may be subject. The General Partner/Trading Manager monitors the Partnership s/Funds performance and the concentration of their open positions, and consults with the Advisors concerning the Partnership s/Funds overall risk profile. If the General Partner/Trading Manager felt it necessary to do so, the General Partner/Trading Manager could require the Advisors to close out positions as well as enter positions traded on behalf of the Partnership/Funds. However, any such intervention would be a highly unusual event. The General Partner/Trading Manager primarily relies on the Advisors own risk control policies while maintaining a general supervisory overview of the Partnership s/Funds market risk exposures. The Advisors apply their own risk management policies to their trading. The Advisors often follow diversification guidelines, margin limits and stop loss points to exit a position. The Advisors research of risk management often suggests ongoing modifications to their trading programs. As part of the General Partner s risk management, the General Partner periodically meets with each Advisor to discuss its risk management and to look for any material changes to the Advisor s portfolio balance and trading techniques. Each Advisor is required to notify the General Partner of any material changes to its programs. 
 32 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
.

 CERES ORION L.P.

The following financial statements and related items of the Partnership are filed under this Item 8: Oath or Affirmation, Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , PCAOB ID: ), for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020; Statements of Financial Condition at December 31, 2022 and 2021; Condensed Schedules of Investments at December 31, 2022 and 2021; Statements of Income and Expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; Statements of Changes in Partners Capital for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; and Notes to Financial Statements. Additional financial information has been filed as Exhibits to this Form 10-K.

33

To the Limited Partners of

Ceres Orion L.P.

To the best of the knowledge and belief of the undersigned, the information contained herein is accurate and complete.

By: 
 
 Patrick T. Egan 

President and Director 

Ceres Managed Futures LLC 

General Partner, 

Ceres Orion L.P. 

Ceres Managed Futures LLC

522 Fifth Avenue 
 
 New York, NY 10036 
 
 (855) 
 672-4468

34

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

The management of Ceres Orion L.P. (the Partnership ), Ceres Managed Futures LLC, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and for our assessment of internal control over financial reporting. The Partnership s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The Partnership s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(i)
 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Partnership; 

(ii)
 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Partnership are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Partnership; and 

(iii)
 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection and correction of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Partnership s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

The management of Ceres Orion L.P. has assessed the effectiveness of the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013)

 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our assessment, management concluded that the Partnership maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria referred to above. 

Patrick T. Egan

Brooke Lambert

President and Director

Chief Financial Officer

Ceres Managed Futures LLC

Ceres Managed Futures LLC

General Partner,

General Partner,

Ceres Orion L.P.

Ceres Orion L.P.

35 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Partners of Ceres Orion L.P., 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying statements of financial condition of Ceres Orion L.P. (the Partnership ), including the condensed schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of income and expenses, and changes in partners capital for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Partnership at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and changes in its partners capital for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Partnership s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Partnership is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by correspondence with the custodian and brokers. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to those charged with governance and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

We have served as the auditor of the Partnership since 2017. 

Boston, MA 

 March 17, 2023 

36 

Ceres Orion L.P. 

Statements of Financial Condition 

December 31, 2022 and 2021

December 31, 

 2022

December 31, 2021

Assets:

Investment in the Funds (1)
, at fair value (Note 6)

Redemptions receivable from the Funds

Equity in trading account:

Unrestricted cash (Note 3c)

Restricted cash (Note 3c)

Foreign cash (cost and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively)

- 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts

- 

Options purchased, at fair value (premiums paid and 
 
 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively)

Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts

- 

Total equity in trading account

Interest receivable (Note 3c)

Total assets

Liabilities and Partners Capital:

Liabilities:

Net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts

Options written, at fair value (premiums received and 
 
 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively)

Foreign cash overdraft (proceeds and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively)

- 

Accrued expenses:

Ongoing selling agent fees (Notes 3d and 3e)

Management fees (Note 3b)

General Partner fees (Note 3a)

Incentive fees (Note 3b)

Professional fees

Redemptions payable to General Partner (Note 7)

Redemptions payable to Limited Partners (Note 7)

Total liabilities

Partners Capital (Notes 1 and 7):

General Partner, Class Z, and 
 
 Redeemable Units outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Limited Partners, Class A, and 
 
 Redeemable Units outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Limited Partners, Class Z, and 
 
 Redeemable Units outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Total partners capital (net asset value)

Total liabilities and partners capital

Net asset value per Redeemable Unit:

Class A

Class Z

(1)
 Defined in Note 1

 .

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

37

Ceres Orion L.P. 

Condensed Schedule of Investments 

December 31, 2022

Number of 

 Contracts

Fair Value 

of Partners 

 Capital

Futures Contracts Purchased

Currencies

Energy

Grains

Indices

() 

) 

Interest Rates U.S.

() 

) 

Interest Rates Non-U.S.

() 

) 

Livestock

Metals

Softs

Total futures contracts purchased

Futures Contracts Sold

Currencies

() 

) 

Energy

() 

) 

Grains

() 

) 

Indices

Interest Rates U.S.

Interest Rates Non-U.S.

Livestock

() 

) 

Metals

() 

) 

Softs

() 

) 

Total futures contracts sold

() 

) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts

Unrealized Appreciation on Open Forward Contracts

Metals

Total unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts

Unrealized Depreciation on Open Forward Contracts

Metals

) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts

) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts

Investment in the Funds

CMF TT II, LLC

CMF NL Master Fund LLC

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC

Total investment in the Funds

Due to rounding. 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

3 8

Ceres Orion L.P. 

Condensed Schedule of Investments 

December 31, 2021 

Number of 

 Contracts

Fair
 Value 

of Partners 

 Capital

Futures Contracts Purchased

Currencies

Energy

NATURAL GAS FUTR 

NAT GAS LAST DAY 

NATURAL GAS FUTR 

Other

Grains

Indices

Interest Rates U.S.

Interest Rates Non-U.S.

() 

) 

Livestock

Metals

Softs

() 

) 

Total futures contracts purchased

Futures Contracts Sold

Currencies

() 

) 

Energy

NAT GAS LAST DAY 

)

Other

)

Grains

() 

) 

Indices

() 

) 

Interest Rates U.S.

() 

) 

Interest Rates Non-U.S.

Livestock

() 

) 

Metals

() 

) 

Softs

() 

) 

Total futures contracts sold

() 

) 

Net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts

() 

) 

Options Purchased

Calls

Energy

Puts

Energy

Total options purchased (premiums paid)

Options Written

Calls

Energy

() 

) 

Puts

Energy

() 

) 

Total options written (premiums received)

() 

) 

Investment in the Funds

CMF TT II, LLC

CMF NL Master Fund LLC

Total investment in the Funds

Due to rounding. 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

39

Ceres Orion L.P. 

Statements of Income and Expenses 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022

2021

2020

Investment Income:

Interest income

Interest income allocated from the Funds

Total investment income

Expenses:

Expenses allocated from the Funds

Clearing fees related to direct investments (Note 3c)

Ongoing selling agent fees (Notes 3d and 3e)

Management fees (Note 3b)

General Partner fees (Note 3a)

Incentive fees (Note 3b)

Professional fees

Total expenses

Net investment loss

() 

() 

() 

Trading Results:

Net gains (losses) on trading of commodity interests and investment in the Funds:

Net realized gains (losses) on closed contracts

Net realized gains (losses) on closed contracts allocated from the Funds

() 

Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on open contracts

() 

() 

Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on open contracts allocated from the Funds

() 

Total trading results

Net income (loss)

Net income (loss) per Redeemable Unit (Note 8):

Class A

Class Z

Weighted average Redeemable Units outstanding:

Class A

Class Z

Represents the change in net asset value per Redeemable Unit. 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

40

Ceres Orion L.P. 

Statements of Changes in Partners Capital 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Class A

Class Z

Total

Amount

Redeemable Units

Amount

Redeemable Units 

Amount

Redeemable Units

Partners Capital, December 31, 2019

Subscriptions - Limited Partners

Redemptions - General Partner

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Redemptions - Limited Partners

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net income (loss)

- 

- 

- 

Partners Capital, December 31, 2020

Subscriptions - Limited Partners

Redemptions - General Partner

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Redemptions - Limited Partners

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net income (loss)

- 

- 

- 

Partners Capital, December 31, 2021

Subscriptions - Limited Partners

Redemptions - General Partner

() 

() 

() 

() 

Redemptions - Limited Partners

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net income (loss)

- 

- 

- 

Partners Capital, December 31, 2022

Net asset value per Redeemable Unit:

Class A

Class Z

2020

2021

2022

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

41

Ceres Orion L.P. 

Notes to Financial Statements 

maximum number of Redeemable Units that may be sold by the Partnership. The General Partner (as defined below) may also determine to invest up to all of the Partnership s assets (directly or indirectly through its investment in the Funds) in U.S. Treasury bills and/or money market mutual funds, including money market mutual funds managed by Morgan Stanley or its affiliates. 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, acts as the general partner (the General Partner and commodity pool operator of the Partnership, is the trading manager (the Trading Manager of Transtrend Master (as defined below), NL Master (as defined below) and Drakewood Master (as defined below) and was the trading manager of FORT Contrarian Master (defined below). The General Partner is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley Domestic Holdings, Inc. MSD Holdings ). MSD Holdings is ultimately owned by Morgan Stanley. Morgan Stanley is a publicly held company whose shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Morgan Stanley is engaged in various financial services and other businesses. 

 As of December 31, 2022, all trading decisions were made for the Partnership by Transtrend B.V. Transtrend ), John Street Capital Limited JSCL ), Northlander Commodity Advisors LLP Northlander ), Quantica Capital AG Quantica ), Breakout Funds LLC Breakout and Drakewood Capital Management Limited Drakewood (each an Advisor and, collectively, the Advisors ), each of which is a registered commodity trading advisor. Effective October 31, 2022, Pan Capital Management L.P. Pan ceased to act as a commodity trading advisor to the Partnership. Effective January 31, 2022, Greenwave Capital Management LLC Greenwave ceased to act as a commodity trading advisor to the Partnership. On October 31, 2021, the Partnership fully redeemed its investment from CMF FORT Contrarian Master Fund LLC FORT Contrarian Master ). Also effective October 31, 2021, FORT L.P. FORT ceased to act as a commodity trading advisor to the Partnership. On September 30, 2020, the Partnership fully redeemed its investment in CMF Winton Master L.P. Winton Master ). Also effective September 30, 2020, Winton Capital Management Limited Winton ceased to act as a commodity trading advisor to the Partnership. On January 31, 2019, the Partnership fully redeemed its investment in CMF Willowbridge Master Fund L.P. Willowbridge Master ). Also effective January 31, 2019, Willowbridge Associates Inc. Willowbridge ceased to act as a commodity trading advisor to the Partnership. From February 1, 2019 until December 12, 2019, John Street Capital LLP John Street directly traded the Partnership s assets allocated to it through a managed account in the name of the Partnership pursuant to John Street s Systematic Strategy Program. On December 13, 2019, the Partnership, the General Partner, John Street, and JSCL entered into a deed of novation (the JSCL Novation Agreement transferring all rights and obligations of John Street to JSCL. References herein to the Advisors may include, as relevant, John Street, Winton, Willowbridge, FORT, Greenwave and Pan. Each Advisor is allocated a portion of the Partnership s assets to manage. The Partnership invests the portion of its assets allocated to each of the Advisors either directly, through a managed account in the Partnership s name, or indirectly, through its investment in the Funds. In addition, the General Partner may allocate the Partnership s assets to additional non-major
 trading advisors (i.e., commodity trading advisors intended to be allocated less than of the Partnership s assets). Information about advisors allocated less than 10 of the Partnership s assets may not be disclosed. 
 Effective July 1, 2021, Breakout directly trades a portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to it through a managed account in the name of the Partnership pursuant to an enhanced version of Breakout s Propeller Program. The General Partner and Breakout have agreed that Breakout will trade the Partnership s assets allocated to Breakout at times the amount of the assets allocated. The amount of leverage may be increased or decreased in the future, subject to certain restrictions.

Effective October 1, 2020, Quantica directly trades the Partnership s assets allocated to it through a managed account in the name of the Partnership pursuant to the Quantica Managed Futures Program. The General Partner and Quantica have agreed that Quantica will trade the Partnership s assets allocated to Quantica at times the amount of the assets allocated. The amount of leverage may be increased or decreased in the future. 

 JSCL directly trades the Partnership s assets allocated to it through a managed account in the name of the Partnership pursuant to the Systematic Strategy Program. The General Partner and JSCl have agreed that JSCL will trade the Partnership s assets allocated to it at a level that is up to times the amount of assets allocated to it; provided that if the assets allocated to JSCL are million or less, JSCL will trade the Partnership s assets allocated to it at the level that is up to times the amount of assets allocated to it. The amount of leverage may be increased or decreased in the future. 

 Prior to its termination effective January 31, 2022, Greenwave directly traded the Partnership s assets allocated to it through a managed account in the name of the Partnership pursuant to an enhanced version of Greenwave s Flagship Plus 2X Program. The General Partner and Greenwave had agreed that Greenwave would trade the Partnership s assets allocated to Greenwave at a level that was up to 2 times the amount of the assets allocated. 

 Prior to its termination effective October 31, 2022, Pan directly traded the Partnership s assets allocated to it through a managed account in the name of the Partnership pursuant to Pan s Energy Trading Program. 

 On June 1, 2011, the Partnership began offering Class A Redeemable Units and Class Z Redeemable Units pursuant to the offering memorandum. All Redeemable Units issued prior to June 1, 2011 were deemed Class A Redeemable Units. The rights, powers, duties and obligations associated with investment in Class A Redeemable Units were not changed. Class A Redeemable Units are available to taxable U.S. individuals and institutions, U.S. tax exempt individuals and institutions and non-U.S.
 investors. Class Z Redeemable Units were first issued on August 1, 2011. Class Z Redeemable Units are offered to limited partners who receive advisory services from Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (doing business as Morgan Stanley Wealth Management) Morgan Stanley Wealth Management and certain employees of Morgan Stanley and/or its subsidiaries (and their family members). Class A Redeemable Units and Class Z Redeemable Units will each be referred to as a Class and collectively referred to as the Classes. The Class of Redeemable Units that a limited partner receives upon a subscription will generally depend upon the status of the limited partner, although the General Partner may determine to offer a particular Class of Redeemable Units to investors at its discretion. 
 During the periods covered by this report, the Partnership s/Funds commodity broker was Morgan Stanley Co. LLC MS Co. ), a registered futures commission merchant. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan was also a foreign exchange forward contract counterparty for certain Funds. 

 The Partnership and CMF TT II, LLC Transtrend Master have, and prior to their respective full redemptions, Winton Master and Willowbridge Master had, entered into futures brokerage account agreements and foreign exchange brokerage account agreements with MS Co. CMF NL Master Fund LLC NL Master and CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC Drakewood Master have, and prior to its full redemption, FORT Contrarian Master had, entered into futures brokerage account agreements with MS Co. Transtrend Master, NL Master and Drakewood Master are collectively referred to as the Funds. References herein to Funds may also include, as relevant, FORT Contrarian Master, Winton Master and Willowbridge Master. 

 Transtrend Master, and until their respective full redemptions, Winton Master and Willowbridge Master, each entered into certain agreements with JPMorgan in connection with trading in forward foreign currency contracts on behalf of the referenced Funds and indirectly, the Partnership. These agreements include a foreign exchange and bullion authorization agreement FX Agreement ), an International Swap Dealers Association, Inc. master agreement Master Agreement ), a schedule to the Master Agreement, a 2016 credit support annex for variation margin to the schedule and an institutional account agreement. In addition to Willowbridge Master, Willowbridge was party to the FX Agreement for Willowbridge Master. Under each FX Agreement, JPMorgan charges or charged a fee on the aggregate foreign currency transactions entered into on behalf of the respective Fund during a month. 

The Partnership will be liquidated upon the first to occur of the following: 
 ; the net asset value per Redeemable Unit of any Class decreases to less than 
 as of the close of any business day; or under

certain other circumstances as set forth in the limited partnership agreement of the Partnership, as may be amended from time to time (the Limited Partnership Agreement ). In addition, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, cause the Partnership to dissolve if the aggregate net assets of the Partnership decline to less than . 

The General Partner has delegated certain administrative functions to SS C Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation, currently doing business as SS C GlobeOp (the Administrator ). Pursuant to a master services agreement, the Administrator furnishes certain administrative, accounting, regulatory reporting, tax and other services as agreed from time to time. In addition, the Administrator maintains certain books and records of the Partnership. The cost of retaining the Administrator is allocated among the pools operated by the General Partner, including the Partnership. 

prices of investments held. Such fluctuations are included in total trading results in the Partnership s/Funds Statements of Income and Expenses.

(cost of and ) (proceeds of at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

significant uncertain tax positions that would require recognition in the financial statements. The Partnership files U.S. federal and various state and local tax returns. No income tax returns are currently under examination. The 2019 through 2022 tax years remain subject to examination by U.S. federal and most state tax authorities. 

per year of the month-end
 net assets allocated to Drakewood. Effective July 1, 2021, Breakout receives a monthly management fee equal to per year of month-end
 net assets allocated to Breakout. Effective October 1, 2020, Quantica receives a monthly management fee equal to per year of month-end
 net assets allocated to Quantica. To the extent that the month-end
 net assets allocated to Quantica are less than million, Quantica will receive a management fee equal to per year of month-end
 net assets 

allocate

d to Quantica. Effective April 1, 2019, Northlander receives a monthly management fee equal to per year of month-end
 net assets allocated to Northlander. Effective February 1, 2019, JSCL (prior to the JSCL Novation Agreement, John Street) receives a monthly management fee of per year of month-end
 net assets allocated to JSCL (prior to the JSCL Novation Agreement, John Street). To the extent that the month-end
 net assets allocated to JSCL (prior to the JSCL Novation Agreement, John Street) are less than million, JSCL (prior to the JSCL Novation Agreement, John Street) will receive a monthly management fee equal to per year of month-end
 net assets allocated to JSCL (prior to the JSCL Novation Agreement, John Street). From February 1, 2020 until its termination on October 31, 2022, Pan received a monthly management fee equal to per year of month-end
 net assets allocated to Pan. Prior to its termination on January 31, 2022, Greenwave received a monthly management fee equal to per year of month-end
 net assets allocated to Greenwave. From February 1, 2018 until its termination on October 31, 2021, FORT received a monthly management fee equal to per year of month-end
 net assets allocated to FORT. Prior to its termination on September 30, 2020, Winton received a monthly management fee equal to per year of month-end
 net assets allocated to Winton. From April 1, 2018 until its termination on January 31, 2019, Willowbridge received a monthly management fee equal to per year of month-end
 net assets allocated to Willowbridge. Month-end
 net assets, for the purpose of calculating management fees, are Net Assets, as defined in the Limited Partnership Agreement, prior to the reduction of the current month s incentive fee accruals, the monthly management fees, the General Partner fee and any redemptions or distributions as of the end of such month. 
 
 Transtren

 d Master pays Transtrend a monthly management fee of per year on the aggregate net assets of Transtrend Master as of the first day of each month. The management fee paid by Transtrend Master is allocated to the Partnership based on its proportionate ownership interest of Transtrend Master. 

 I

n addition, as of December 31, 2022, the Partnership is obligated to pay Breakout an incentive fee, payable quarterly, equal to of the New Trading Profits, as defined in the Management Agreement, earned by Breakout for the Partnership during each calendar quarter. The Partnership is obligated to pay Quantica, Northlander and Drakewood an incentive fee, payable annually, equal to of the New Trading Profits, as defined in each Management Agreement, earned by Quantica, Northlander and Drakewood, respectively, for the Partnership during each calendar year. The Partnership is obligated to pay JSCL (prior to the JSCL Novation Agreement, John Street) an incentive fee, payable quarterly, equal to of the New Trading Profits, as defined in its Management Agreement, earned by JSCL (prior to the JSCL Novation Agreement, John Street) for the Partnership during each calendar quarter. To the extent that the month-end
 net assets allocated to JSCL (prior to the JSCL Novation Agreement, John Street) are less than 80
 million, the Partnership will be obligated to pay JSCL (prior to the JSCL Novation Agreement, John Street) an incentive fee, payable quarterly, equal to of the New Trading Profits, as defined in the Management Agreement, earned by JSCL (prior to the JSCL Novation Agreement, John Street) for the Partnership during each calendar quarter. Prior to their respective terminations effective October 31, 2022 and January 31, 2022, Pan and Greenwave were each eligible to receive an incentive fee, payable quarterly, equal to of the New Trading Profits, as defined in each Management Agreement, earned by Pan and Greenwave, for the Partnership during each calendar quarter. Prior to its termination effective October 31, 2021, FORT was eligible to receive an incentive fee, payable annually, equal to of the New Trading Profits, as defined in its Management Agreement, earned by FORT for the Partnership. Prior to their respective terminations effective September 30, 2020 and January 31, 2019, Winton and Willowbridge were each eligible to receive an incentive fee, payable quarterly, equal to of the New Trading Profits, as defined in each Management Agreement, earned by Winton and Willowbridge for the Partnership during each calendar quarter. Effective January 1, 2021, Transtrend is eligible to receive an incentive fee equal to of the New Trading Profits, as defined in its Management Agreement, earned by Transtrend Master and payable at the end of each calendar half year. Prior to January 1, 2021, Transtrend was eligible to receive an incentive fee equal to of the New Trading Profits, as defined in its Management Agreement, earned by Transtrend Master and payable at the end of each calendar half year. Only the

incentive fees paid by Transtrend Master for New Trading Profits, as defined in its Management Agreement, earned for the Partnership are allocated to the Partnership. To the extent an Advisor incurs a loss for the Partnership, the Advisor will not be paid incentive fees until the Advisor recovers the net loss incurred and earns additional new trading profits for the Partnership. 

Each Management Agreement may be terminated upon notice by either party. 

In allocating the assets of the Partnership among the Advisors, the General Partner considers, among other factors, each Advisor s past performance, trading style, volatility of markets traded and fee requirements. The General Partner may modify or terminate the allocation of assets to the Advisors and may allocate the assets to additional advisors at any time. 

c.
 
 Customer Agreement: 

The P

artnership has entered into a futures brokerage account agreement with MS Co. (the Partnership Customer Agreement ). Under the Partnership Customer Agreement and the foreign exchange brokerage account agreement (described in Note 1, Organization ), the Partnership pays MS Co. (or will reimburse MS Co. if previously paid) its allocable share of trading fees for the clearing and, where applicable, the execution of transactions, as well as its allocable share of exchange, user, give-up
 and National Futures Association NFA fees (collectively, clearing fees directly and indirectly through its investment in the Funds. Clearing fees are allocated to the Partnership based on its proportionate ownership interest of each Fund. The Partnership s assets available for trading in commodity interests not held in the Funds brokerage accounts at MS Co. and JPMorgan are deposited in the Partnership s brokerage account at MS Co. The Partnership s cash deposited with MS Co. is held in segregated bank accounts to the extent required by Commodity Futures Trading Commission regulations. The Partnership s restricted cash is equal to the cash portion of assets on deposit to meet margin requirements, as determined by the exchange or counterparty, and required by MS Co. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount of cash held by the Partnership for margin requirements was and , respectively. Cash that is not classified as restricted cash is therefore classified as unrestricted cash. MS Co. has agreed to pay the Partnership interest on of the average daily equity maintained in cash in the Partnership s (or the Partnership s allocable portion of the Funds , except for Transtrend Master s) brokerage account during each month at the rate equal to the monthly average of the 4-week
 U.S. Treasury bill discount rate. MS Co. has agreed to pay Transtrend Master interest on of the average daily equity maintained in cash in Transtrend Master s brokerage account during each month at the rate equal to the monthly average of the 4-week
 U.S. Treasury bill discount rate less during such month but in no event less than zero. When the effective rate is less than zero, no interest is earned. For purposes of these interest credits, daily funds do not include monies due to Transtrend Master on or with respect to futures, forward, or option contracts that have not been received. The Partnership Customer Agreement may generally be terminated upon notice by either party. 

d.
 
 Selling Agreement: 

The Partnership has entered into a selling agent agreement with Morgan Stanley Wealth Management (as amended, the Selling Agreement ). Pursuant to the Selling Agreement, the Partnership pays Morgan Stanley Wealth Management a monthly ongoing selling agent fee at a flat annual rate equal to 0.75 per year of the adjusted net assets of Class A Redeemable Units (computed monthly by multiplying the adjusted net assets of the Class A Redeemable Units by and dividing the result thereof by 12). For the period from July 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020, the ongoing selling agent fee for Class A Redeemable Unit holders was paid at a flat annual rate of of the adjusted net assets of Class A Redeemable Units (computed monthly by multiplying the adjusted net assets of the Class A Redeemable Units by 1.00 and dividing the result thereof by 12). Prior to July 1, 2020, the ongoing selling agent fee was each for futures transactions and up to an equivalent amount for swaps and each per side for options transactions, with respect to Class A Redeemable Units. The ongoing selling agent fee for Class A Redeemable Unit holders prior to July 1, 2020 was reduced by applicable floor brokerage fees and did not exceed 2.00 of adjusted month-end
 net assets per year, calculated monthly. Class Z Redeemable Units

are not subject to an ongoing selling agent fee. The Partnership may pay an ongoing selling agent fee to other properly licensed and/or registered selling agents who sell Class A Redeemable Units, and such additional selling agents may share all or a substantial portion of such fees with their properly registered or exempted financial advisors who have sold Class A Redeemable Units. 

e.
 
 Harbor Selling Agreement: 

The Partner

ship has entered into an alternative investment placement agent agreement (the Harbor Selling Agreement ), by and among the Partnership, the General Partner, Morgan Stanley Distribution Inc. MSDI ), and Harbor Investment Advisory, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company Harbor ), which supersedes and replaces the alternative investment selling agent agreement, dated January 19, 2018, between the Partnership, the General Partner and Harbor. Pursuant to the Harbor Selling Agreement, MSDI and Harbor have been appointed as a non-exclusive
 selling agent and sub-selling
 agent, respectively, of the Partnership for the purpose of finding eligible investors for Redeemable Units through offerings that are exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder and for Harbor to serve as an investment advisor to its customers investing in one or more of the partnerships party to the Harbor Selling Agreement; provided, that, included within such appointment, Harbor will provide certain services to certain holders of Redeemable Units of the Partnership, who had acquired such Redeemable Units prior to such holders becoming clients of Harbor. The Harbor Selling Agreement continues in effect until September 30, 2023 unless terminated in certain circumstances as set forth in the Harbor Selling Agreement, including by any party on thirty days prior written notice, after which the General Partner or the Partnership may, in its sole discretion, renew the Harbor Selling Agreement for additional one-year
 periods. Pursuant to the Harbor Selling Agreement, the Partnership pays Harbor a monthly ongoing selling agent fee at a flat annual rate equal to 0.75 per year of the adjusted net assets of Class A Redeemable Units (computed monthly by multiplying the adjusted net assets of the Class A Redeemable Units by and dividing the result there of by 12). For the period from July 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020, the ongoing selling agent fee for Class A Redeemable Unit holders was paid at a flat annual rate of of the adjusted net assets of Class A Redeemable Units. Prior to July 1, 2020, the Partnership paid Harbor an ongoing selling agent fee equal to per round turn, swaps by up to an equivalent amount and options transactions by each per side, with respect to Class A Redeemable Units held by Harbor clients. The ongoing selling agent fee for Class A Redeemable Unit holders prior to July 1, 2020 was reduced by applicable floor brokerage fees and did not exceed of adjusted month-end
 net assets per year, calculated monthly. 
 
 The General Partner fee, management fees, incentive fees and professional fees of the Partnership are allocated proportionally to each Class based on the net asset value of the Class. 

contracts traded directly by the Partnership during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The monthly average number of metals forward contracts traded directly by the Partnership during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The monthly average number of option contracts traded directly by the Partnership during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Trading and transaction fees are based on the number of trades executed by the Advisors and the Partnership s percentage ownership of each respective Fund. 

All clearing fees paid to MS Co. for direct trading are borne by the Partnership. In addition, clearing fees are borne by the Funds and are allocated to the Funds limited partners/members, including the Partnership. 

() 

- 

Forwards

() 

- 

Total assets

() 

- 

Liabilities

Futures

() 

- 

- 

Forwards

() 

- 

- 

Total liabilities

() 

- 

- 

Net fair value

Gross Amounts Offset in the

Amounts Presented in the

Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Statements of Financial Condition 

Gross

Statements of

Statements of

Cash Collateral

Amounts

Financial

Financial

Financial

Received/

December 31, 2021

Recognized

Condition

Condition

Instruments

Pledged 

Net Amount

Assets

Futures

() 

- 

- 

Total assets

() 

- 

- 

Liabilities

Futures

() 

() 

- 

Total liabilities

() 

() 

- 

Net fair value

- 

In the event of default by the Partnership, MS Co., the Partnership s commodity futures broker and the sole counterparty to the Partnership s non-exchange-traded
 contracts, as applicable, has the right to offset the Partnership s obligation with the Partnership s cash and/or U.S. Treasury bills held by MS Co., thereby minimizing MS Co. s risk of loss. In certain instances, MS Co. may not post collateral and as such, in the event of default by MS Co., the Partnership is exposed to the amount shown in the Statements of Financial Condition. In the case of exchange-traded contracts, the Partnership s exposure to counterparty risk may be reduced since the exchange s clearinghouse interposes its credit between buyer and seller and the clearinghouse s guarantee funds may be available in the event of a default. In some instances, the actual collateral received and/or pledged may be more than the amount shown due to overcollateralization. 

Energy

Grains

Indices

Interest Rates U.S.

Interest Rates Non-U.S.

Livestock

Metals

Softs

Total unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts

Liabilities

Futures Contracts

Currencies

) 

Energy

) 

Grains

) 

Indices

) 

Interest Rates U.S.

) 

Interest Rates Non-U.S.

) 

Livestock

) 

Metals

) 

Softs

) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts

) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts

Assets

Forward Contracts

Metals

Total unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts

Liabilities

Forward Contracts

Metals

) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts

) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts

This amount is in Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts in the Statements of Financial Condition. 

This amount is in Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts in the Statement of Financial Condition.

December 31, 2021 

Assets

Futures Contracts

Currencies

Energy

Grains

Indices

Interest Rates U.S.

Interest Rates Non-U.S.

Livestock

Metals

Softs

Total unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts

Liabilities

Futures Contracts

Currencies

) 

Energy

) 

Grains

) 

Indices

) 

Interest Rates U.S.

) 

Interest Rates Non-U.S.

) 

Livestock

) 

Metals

) 

Softs

) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts

) 

Net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts

) 

Assets

Options Purchased

Energy

Total options purchased

Liabilities

Options Written

Energy

) 

Total options written

) 

This amount is in Net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts in the Statements of Financial Condition. 

This amount is in Options purchased, at fair value in the Statements of Financial Condition. 

This amount is in Options written, at fair value in the Statements of Financial Condition. 

) 

Energy

Grains

) 

) 

Indices

) 

Interest Rates U.S.

) 

) 

Interest Rates Non-U.S.

) 

Livestock

) 

) 

Metals

) 

) 

Softs

) 

) 

Total

This amount is included in Total trading results in the Statements of Income and Expenses. 

t hold any derivative instruments that were priced at fair value using unobservable inputs through the application of the General Partner s assumptions and internal valuation pricing models (Level 3). 

Forwards

Total assets

Liabilities

Futures

Forwards

Total liabilities

December 31, 2021 

Total 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Assets

Futures

Options purchased

Total assets

Liabilities

Futures

Options written

Total liabilities

The Investment in the Funds measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient is not required to be included in the fair value hierarchy. Please refer to the Condensed Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

times the leverage employed by the Standard Risk Profile. The General Partner is also the Trading Manager of Transtrend Master. Individual and pooled accounts managed by Transtrend, including the Partnership, are permitted to be members of Transtrend Master. The Trading Manager and Transtrend believe that trading through this structure promotes efficiency and economy in the trading process. 

On April 1, 2019, the assets allocated to Northlander for trading were invested in NL Master, a limited liability company organized under the limited liability company laws of the State of Delaware. NL Master permits accounts managed by Northlander using the Northlander Commodity Program, a proprietary, discretionary trading system, to invest together in one trading vehicle. The General Partner is also the Trading Manager of NL Master. Individual and pooled accounts currently managed by Northlander, including the Partnership, are permitted to be members of NL Master. The Trading Manager and Northlander believe that trading through this structure promotes efficiency and economy in the trading process. 

On May 1, 2022, the Partnership allocated a portion of its assets to Drakewood Master, a limited liability company organized under the limited liability company laws of the State of Delaware. Drakewood Master permits accounts managed by Drakewood using the Drakewood Prospect Fund Strategy, a proprietary, discretionary trading system, to invest together in one trading vehicle. The General Partner is also the Trading Manager of Drakewood Master. Individual and pooled accounts managed by Drakewood, including the Partnership, are permitted to be members of Drakewood Master. The Trading Manager and Drakewood believe that trading through this structure promotes efficiency and economy in the trading process. 

On February 1, 2018, the assets allocated to FORT for trading were invested in FORT Contrarian Master, a limited liability company organized under the limited liability company laws of the State of Delaware. The Partnership fully redeemed its investment in FORT Contrarian Master on October 31, 2021. 

On November 1, 2004, the assets allocated to Winton for trading were invested in Winton Master, a limited partnership organized under the partnership laws of the State of New York. The Partnership fully redeemed its investment in Winton Master on September 30, 2020. 

On August 1, 2014, the assets allocated to Willowbridge for trading were invested in Willowbridge Master, a limited partnership organized under the partnership laws of the State of New York. The Partnership fully redeemed its investment in Willowbridge Master on January 31, 2019. 

The General Partner is not aware of any material changes to any of the trading programs discussed above or in Note 1, Organization during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The Funds and the Partnership s trading of futures, forward, swap and option contracts, if applicable, on commodities is done primarily on U.S. and foreign commodity exchanges. The Funds and the Partnership engage in such trading through commodity brokerage accounts maintained with MS Co. 

Generally, a limited partner/member in the Funds withdraws all or part of its capital contribution and undistributed profits, if any, from the Funds as of the end of any month (the Redemption Date after a request has been made to the General Partner/Trading Manager at least three days in advance of the Redemption Date. Such withdrawals are classified as a liability when the limited partner/member elects to redeem and informs the Funds. However, a limited partner/member may request a withdrawal as of the end of any day if such request is received by the General Partner/Trading Manager at least three days in advance of the proposed withdrawal day. 

Management fees, ongoing selling agent fees, the General Partner fee and incentive fees are charged at the Partnership level, except for management and incentive fees payable to Transtrend, which are charged at the Transtrend Master level. Clearing fees are borne by the Funds and allocated to the Funds limited partners/members, including the Partnership. Clearing fees are also borne by the Partnership directly. Professional fees are borne by the Funds and allocated to the Partnership and are also charged directly at the Partnership level. 

At December 31, 2022, the Partnership 

owned 
 of Transtrend Master, approximately 

 of NL Master and approximately of Drakewood Master. At December 31, 2021, the Partnership owned 

 of Transtrend Master and approximately 

of NL Master. It is the Partnership s intention to continue to invest in the Funds. The performance of the Partnership is directly affected by the performance of the Funds. Expenses to limited partners as a result of investment in the Funds are approximately the same as they would be if the Partnership traded directly and redemption rights are not affected. 

NL Master

Drakewood Master

December 31, 2021

Total Assets 

Total Liabilities 

Total Capital 

Transtrend Master

NL Master

NL Master

Drakewood Master (a) 

) 

) 

For the year ended December 31, 2021

Net Investment 

 Income (Loss)

Total Trading 

 Results

Net Income (Loss)

Transtrend Master

() 

FORT Contrarian Master (b) 

() 

) 

) 

NL Master

() 

(a)
 
 From May 1, 2022, commencement of operations for Drakewood Master, through December 31, 2022. 

(b)
 
 From January 1, 2021 through October 31, 2021, the date FORT Contrarian Master terminated operations. 

NL Master

- 

- 

Drakewood Master (a) 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Total

December 31, 2021

For the twelve months ended December 31, 2021

of

Expenses

Net

Funds

Partners Capital

Fair Value

Income (Loss)

Clearing Fees

Professional Fees

Management Fees

Incentive Fee

Income (Loss)

Investment Objective

Redemptions Permitted

Transtrend Master

FORT Contrarian Master (b) 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 

NL Master

- 

- 

Total

(a)
 
 From May 1, 2022, commencement of operations for Drakewood Master, through December 31, 2022. 

(b)
 
 From January 1, 2021 through October 31, 2021, the date the Partnership fully redeemed its investment in FORT Contrarian Master. 

55

Ceres Orion L.P.

Notes to Financial Statements

fee charged to limited partners in connection with redemptions. 

Net investment loss

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Increase (decrease) for the year

Net asset value per Redeemable Unit, beginning of year

Net asset value per Redeemable Unit, end of year

2022

2021

2020

Class A 

Class Z 

Class A 

Class Z 

Class A 

Class Z 

Ratios to Average Limited Partners Capital:

Net investment loss 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Operating expense

Incentive fees

Total expenses

Total return:

Total return before incentive fees

Incentive fees

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Total return after incentive fees

Net investment loss per Redeemable Unit is calculated by dividing the interest income less total expenses by the average number of Redeemable Units outstanding during the period. The net realized and unrealized gains (losses) per Redeemable Unit is a balancing amount necessary to reconcile the change in net asset value per Redeemable Unit with the other per unit information. 

Interest income less total expenses. 

The above ratios and total return may vary for individual investors based on the timing of capital transactions during the period. Additionally, these ratios are calculated for the limited partner Classes using the limited partners share of income, expenses and average partners capital of the Partnership and include the income and expenses allocated from the Funds.

56

Ceres Orion L.P.

Notes to Financial Statements

to of the Partnership s/Funds contracts are traded OTC. 
 Futures Contracts.

 The Partnership and the Funds trade futures contracts. A futures contract is a firm commitment to buy or sell a specified quantity of investments, currency or a standardized amount of a deliverable grade commodity, at a specified price on a specified future date, unless the contract is closed before the delivery date or if the delivery quantity is something where physical delivery cannot occur (such as the S P 500 Index), whereby such contract is settled in cash. Payments variation margin may be made or received by the Partnership and the Funds each business day, depending on the daily fluctuations in the value of the underlying contracts, and are recorded as unrealized gains or losses by the Partnership and the Funds. When the contract is closed, the Partnership and the Funds record a realized gain or loss equal to the difference between the value of the contract at the time it was opened and the value at the time it was closed. Transactions in futures contracts require participants to make both initial margin deposits of cash or other assets and variation margin deposits, through the futures broker, with the exchange on which the contracts are traded. Net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on futures contracts are included in the Partnership s/Funds Statements of Income and Expenses. 

 Forward Foreign Currency Contracts.

 Forward foreign currency contracts are those contracts where the Partnership and the Funds agree to receive or deliver a fixed quantity of foreign currency for an agreed-upon price on an agreed-upon future date. Forward foreign currency contracts are valued daily, and the Partnership s and the Funds net equity therein, representing unrealized gain or loss on the contracts as measured by the difference between the forward foreign exchange rates at the dates of entry into the contracts and the forward foreign exchange rates at the reporting date, is included in the Partnership s/Funds Statements of Financial Condition. Net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on forward foreign currency contracts are recognized in the period in which the contract is closed or the changes occur, respectively, and are included in the Partnership s/Funds Statements of Income and Expenses. 

 London Metal Exchange Forward Contracts. 

Metal contracts traded on the London Metal Exchange LME represent a firm commitment to buy or sell a specified quantity of aluminum, copper, lead, nickel, tin, zinc or other metals. LME contracts traded by the Partnership and the Funds are cash-settled based on prompt dates published by the LME. Variation margin may be made or received by the Partnership and the Funds each business day, depending on the daily fluctuations in the value of the underlying contracts, and are recorded as unrealized gains or losses by the Partnership and the Funds. A contract is considered offset when all long positions have been matched with a like number of short positions settling on the same prompt date. When the contract is closed at the prompt date, the Partnership and the Funds record a realized gain or loss equal to the difference between the value of the contract at the time it was opened and the value at the time it was closed. Transactions in LME contracts require participants to make both initial margin deposits of cash or other assets and variation margin deposits, through the broker, with the LME. Net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on metal contracts are included in the Partnership s/Funds Statements of Income and Expenses.

Options

. The Partnership and the Funds may purchase and write (sell) both exchange-listed and OTC options on commodities or financial instruments. An option is a contract allowing, but not requiring, its holder to buy (call) or sell (put) a specific or standard commodity or financial instrument at a specified price during a specified time period. The option premium is the total price paid or received for the option contract. When the Partnership/Funds write an option, the premium received is recorded as a liability in the Partnership s/Funds Statements of Financial Condition and marked-to-market

 daily. When the Partnership/Funds purchase an option, the premium paid is recorded as an asset in the Partnership s/Funds Statements of Financial Condition and marked-to-market

 daily. Net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on option contracts are included in the Partnership s/Funds Statements of Income and Expenses. 
 As both a buyer and seller of options, the Partnership/Funds pay or receive a premium at the outset and then bear the risk of unfavorable changes in the price of the contract underlying the option. Written options expose the Partnership/Funds to potentially unlimited liability; for purchased options, the risk of loss is limited to the premiums paid. Certain written put options permit cash settlement and do not require the option holder to own the reference asset. The Partnership/Funds do not consider these contracts to be guarantees. 

 Futures-Style Options.

 The Partnership/Funds may trade futures-style option contracts. Unlike traditional option contracts, the premiums for futures-style option contracts are not received or paid upon the onset of the trade. The premiums are recognized and received or paid as part of the sales price when the contract is closed. Similar to a futures contract, variation margin for the futures-style option contract may be made or received by the Partnership/Funds each business day, depending on the daily fluctuations in the value of the underlying contracts, and are recorded as unrealized gains or losses by the Partnership/Funds. Transactions in futures-style option contracts require participants to make both initial margin deposits of cash or other assets and variation margin deposits, through the futures broker, directly with the exchange on which the contracts are traded. Futures-style option contracts are presented as part of Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts or Net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts, as applicable, in the Partnership s/Funds Statements of Financial Condition. Net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on futures-style option contracts are included in the Partnership s/Funds Statements of Income and Expenses. 
 Market risk is the potential for changes in the value of the financial instruments traded by the Partnership/Funds due to market changes, including interest and foreign exchange rate movements and fluctuations in commodity or security prices. Market risk is directly impacted by the volatility and liquidity in the markets in which the related underlying assets are traded. The Partnership and the Funds are exposed to market risk equal to the value of the futures and forward contracts held and unlimited liability on such contracts sold short. 

 Credit risk is the possibility that a loss may occur due to the failure of a counterparty to perform according to the terms of a contract. The Partnership s/Funds risk of loss in the event of a counterparty default is typically limited to the amounts recognized in the Partnership s/Funds Statements of Financial Condition and is not represented by the contract or notional amounts of the instruments. The Partnership s/Funds risk of loss is reduced through the use of legally enforceable master netting agreements with counterparties that permit the Partnership/Funds to offset unrealized gains and losses and other assets and liabilities with such counterparties upon the occurrence of certain events. The Partnership/Funds have credit risk and concentration risk as MS Co. or an MS Co. affiliate are counterparties or brokers with respect to the Partnership s and the Funds assets. For certain OTC contracts traded by certain Funds, JPMorgan is the counterparty with respect to those assets. Credit risk with respect to exchange-traded instruments is reduced to the extent that, through MS Co. or an MS Co. affiliate, the Partnership s/Funds counterparty is an exchange or clearing organization. 

The General Partner/Trading Manager monitors and attempts to mitigate the Partnership s/Funds risk exposure on a daily basis through financial, credit and risk management monitoring systems, and accordingly, believes that it has effective procedures for evaluating and limiting the credit and market risks to which the Partnership/Funds may be subject. These monitoring systems generally allow the General Partner/Trading Manager to statistically analyze actual trading results with risk-adjusted performance indicators and correlation statistics. In addition, online monitoring systems provide account analysis of futures, exchange-cleared swaps, forward and option contracts by sector, margin requirements, gain and loss transactions and collateral positions. 

The majority of these financial instruments mature within of the inception date. However, due to the nature of the Partnership s/Funds business, these instruments may not be held to maturity. 

 The risk to the limited partners that have purchased Redeemable Units is limited to the amount of their share of the Partnership s net assets and undistributed profits. This limited liability is a result of the organization of the Partnership as a limited partnership under New York law. 

 In the ordinary course of business, the Partnership/Funds enter into contracts and agreements that contain various representations and warranties and which provide general indemnifications. The Partnership s/Funds maximum exposure under these arrangements cannot be determined, as this could include future claims that have not yet been made against the Partnership/Funds. The General Partner/Trading Manager considers the risk of any future obligation relating to these indemnifications to be remote. 

 Since its discovery in December 2019, a new strain of coronavirus, which causes the viral disease known as COVID-19,
 has spread from China to many other countries, including the United States. The outbreak has been declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization, and the U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary has declared a public health emergency in the United States in response to the outbreak. 
 The COVID-19
 pandemic and related voluntary and government-imposed social and business restrictions has impacted global economic conditions and adversely affected various industries (including, but not limited to, transportation, hospitality and entertainment), resulting in volatility in the global financial markets, disruption in global supply chains, increased unemployment, and operational challenges such as the temporary and permanent closures of businesses, sheltering-in-place

 directives and increased remote work protocols. If the pandemic continues to be prolonged or the actions of governments and central banks are unsuccessful, including actions to facilitate the comprehensive distribution of effective vaccines, the adverse impact on the global economy will deepen. 
 Given the continuing development of this situation, it is not possible to accurately predict how the market disruptions caused by COVID-19
 will further impact the U.S. and other world economies or the value of the Partnership s/Funds investments, or for how long the effects of such events will continue. Nevertheless, the novel coronavirus continues to present material uncertainty and risk with respect to the Partnership s/Funds investments and operations. 
 On February 22, 2022, the United States and several European nations announced sanctions against Russia in response to Russia s mobilization of forces and threat of invasion of the Ukraine, and governments around the world imposed, and may in the future impose, additional sanctions on Russia in response to its continued escalation of this conflict. On February 24, 2022, Russian President Putin commenced a full-scale invasion of Russia s pre-positioned
 forces into the Ukraine. The conflict has created volatility in the price of various commodities and may have a negative impact on business activity globally, and therefore could adversely affect the performance of the Partnership s/Funds investments. Furthermore, uncertainties regarding the conflict between the two nations and the varying involvement of the United States and other NATO countries preclude prediction as to the ultimate impact on global economic and market conditions, and, as a result, presents material uncertainty and risk with respect to the Partnership/Funds and the performance of their investments or operations, and the ability of the Partnership to achieve its investment objectives. Additionally, to the extent that investors, service providers and/or other third parties have material operations or assets in Russia or Ukraine, they may have their operations disrupted and/or suffer adverse consequences related to the ongoing conflict. 

Total expenses

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Total trading results

() 

Net income (loss)

() 

Increase (decrease) in Net Asset Value per Redeemable Unit of Class A

() 

Increase (decrease) in Net Asset Value per Redeemable Unit of Class Z

() 

For the period from October 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021

For the period from July 1, 2021 to September 30, 2021

For the period from April 1, 2021 to June 30, 2021

For the period from January 1, 2021 to March 31, 2021

Total investment income

Total expenses

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Total trading results

Net income (loss)

Increase (decrease) in Net Asset Value per Redeemable Unit of Class A

Increase (decrease) in Net Asset Value per Redeemable Unit of Class Z

60 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . Not applicable. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures . The Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Partnership on the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods expected in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Partnership in the reports it files is accumulated and communicated to management, including the President and Chief Financial Officer CFO of the General Partner, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure and appropriate SEC filings. The General Partner is responsible for ensuring that there is an adequate and effective process for establishing, maintaining and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures for the Partnership s external disclosures. The General Partner s President and CFO have evaluated the effectiveness of the Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022 and, based on that evaluation, the General Partner s President and CFO have concluded that at that date the Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. The Partnership s internal control over financial reporting is a process under the supervision of the General Partner s President and CFO to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. These controls include policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Partnership; 

provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and (ii) the Partnership s receipts are handled and expenditures are made only pursuant to authorizations of the General Partner; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection and correction of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Partnership s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. The report included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . includes the General Partner s report on internal control over financial reporting Management s Report ). There were no changes in the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information . Certain impacts to public health conditions particular to the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak that occurred after December 31, 2021 could impact the operations and financial performance of the Partnership s investments subsequent to December 31, 2022. The extent of the impact to the financial performance of the Partnership s investments will depend on future developments, including (i) the duration and spread of the outbreak, (ii) the restrictions and advisories, (iii) the effects on the financial markets, and (iv) the effects on the economy overall, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. If the financial performance of the Partnership s investments is impacted because of these factors for an extended period, the Partnership s performance may be adversely affected. 
 61 

PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . The Partnership has no directors or executive officers and its affairs are managed by its General Partner. Investment decisions are made by the Advisors. The directors and executive officers of the General Partner are Patrick T. Egan (President and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the General Partner), Brooke Lambert (Chief Financial Officer), Steven Ross (Director), Victoria Eckstein (Director) and Tatiana Segal (Director). Each director holds office until the earlier of his or her death, resignation or removal. Vacancies on the board of directors may be filled by either (i) the majority vote of the remaining directors or (ii) MSD Holdings, as the sole member of the General Partner. The officers of the General Partner are designated by the General Partner s board of directors. Each officer will hold office until his or her successor is designated and qualified or until his or her death, resignation or removal. Directors of the General Partner are responsible for overall corporate governance of the General Partner and meet periodically to consider strategic decisions regarding the General Partner s activities. Under CFTC rules, each Director of the General Partner is deemed to be a principal of the General Partner and, as a result, is listed as such with the NFA. Patrick T. Egan and Steven Ross serve on the General Partner s Investment Committee and are the trading principals responsible for allocation decisions (or responsible for supervising those who are). Patrick T. Egan , age 54, has been a Director of the General Partner since December 2010. Since December 2010, Mr. Egan has been a principal and registered as an associated person of the General Partner, and is an associate member of NFA. Since October 2014, Mr. Egan has served as President and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the General Partner. Since August 2013, Mr. Egan has been registered as a swap associated person of the General Partner. From September 2013 to May 2014, Mr. Egan served as a Vice President of Morgan Stanley Strategies LLC, (formerly, Morgan Stanley GWM Feeder Strategies LLC), which acts as a general partner to multiple alternative investment entities, and Morgan Stanley AI GP LLC, (formerly, Morgan Stanley HedgePremier GP LLC), which acts as a general partner and administrative agent to numerous hedge fund feeder funds. From September 2013 to May 2014, Mr. Egan was registered as an associated person and listed as a principal of each such entity. Since January 2013, each such entity has been registered as a commodity pool operator with the CFTC. Mr. Egan was responsible for overseeing the implementation of certain CFTC and NFA regulatory requirements applicable to such entities. From June 2009 to December 2014, Mr. Egan was employed by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, a financial services firm, where his responsibilities included serving as Executive Director and as Co-Chief Investment Officer for Morgan Stanley Managed Futures from June 2009 through June 2011 and as Chief Risk Officer for Morgan Stanley Managed Futures from June 2011 through October 2014. Since October 2014, Mr. Egan has been responsible for management of the day-to-day operations of Morgan Stanley Managed Futures. Since January 2015, Mr. Egan has been employed by the General Partner. From November 2010 to October 2014, Mr. Egan was registered as an associated person of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. From April 2007 through June 2009, Mr. Egan was employed by MS Co., a financial services firm, where his responsibilities included serving as Head of Due Diligence and Manager Research for Morgan Stanley s Managed Futures Department. From April 2007 through June 2009, Mr. Egan was registered as an associated person of MS Co. From March 1993 through April 2007, Mr. Egan was employed by Morgan Stanley DW Inc., a financial services firm, where his initial responsibilities included serving as an analyst and manager within the Managed Futures Department (with primary responsibilities for product development, due diligence, investment analysis and risk management of the firm s commodity pools) and later included serving as Head of Due Diligence and Manager Research for Morgan Stanley s Managed Futures Department. From February 1998 through April 2007, Mr. Egan was registered as an associated person of Morgan Stanley DW Inc. From August 1991 through March 1993, Mr. Egan was employed by Dean Witter Intercapital, the asset management arm of Dean Witter Reynolds, Inc., where his responsibilities included serving as a mutual fund administration associate. Mr. Egan also served as a Director from November 2004 through October 2006, and from November 2006 through October 2008 of the Managed Funds Association s Board of Directors, a position he was elected to by industry peers for two consecutive two-year terms. Mr. Egan earned his Bachelor of Business Administration degree with a concentration in Finance in May 1991 from the University of Notre Dame. Brooke Lambert , age 39, has been the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and a principal of the General Partner since May 2022. Ms. Lambert has been employed by Morgan Stanley Investment Management, a financial services firm, since July 2014, where her responsibilities include serving as a Vice President and managing the accounting, financial reporting and regulatory reporting of the commodity pools operated by the General Partner. From July 2009 to July 2014, Ms. Lambert was employed by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney, a financial services firm, where her responsibilities included serving as a Vice President responsible for the accounting, financial reporting and regulatory reporting of the commodity pools operated by the General Partner. Before joining Morgan Stanley, Ms. Lambert was employed by Citigroup Alternative Investments, a financial services firm, from January 2006 through July 2009, where her responsibilities included serving as an Assistant Vice President responsible for the accounting, financial reporting and regulatory reporting of Citigroup Alternative Investments managed futures funds. Ms. Lambert earned her Bachelor of Science in Finance in May 2005 from Towson University. Steven Ross , age 51, has been a principal of the General Partner since July 2014 and a Director of the General Partner since February 2016. Mr. Ross has been employed by Morgan Stanley Investment Management, a financial services firm, since September 2005, where his responsibilities include serving as an Assistant Treasurer of Morgan Stanley with respect to certain investment vehicles publicly offered by Morgan Stanley. Mr. Ross is also an Executive Director of the Morgan Stanley Fund Administration 
 62 

Group where he is responsible for finance and accounting matters for certain private funds offered by Morgan Stanley. Before joining Morgan Stanley Investment Management, Mr. Ross was employed by JPMorgan Investor Services Co., a financial services firm, from December 1997 through September 2005, where his responsibilities included serving as a Vice President responsible for the accounting of certain funds sponsored by JP Morgan Chase Co. and other large fund families serviced by JPMorgan Investor Services Co. From April 1997 to December 1997, Mr. Ross was employed by Investors Bank Trust, a financial services firm, where his responsibilities included performing mutual fund accounting for financial services firms. Mr. Ross began his career at Putnam Investments LLC, a financial services firm, where he was responsible for providing broker services for certain funds sponsored by Putnam Investments LLC from August 1996 to April 1997. Mr. Ross received a B.S. in Accounting from Rhode Island College in May 1995. Victoria Eckstein, age 41, has been a Director of the General Partner since June 30, 2022, and a principal of the General Partner since July 14, 2022. Since November 2022, Ms. Eckstein has served as Chief Operating Officer of Calvert Research and Management, an investment management company focused on responsible investments. Since December 2020, Ms. Eckstein has served as a Managing Director of Morgan Stanley Investment Management Inc. MSIM ), and from December 2020 to November 2022 served as Chief Operating Officer of the Solutions Multi-Asset Group at MSIM, a collection of business units offering alpha-centric, multi-asset or multi-manager investment solutions. From December 2016 to December 2020, Ms. Eckstein served as an Executive Director of MSIM and from April 2010 to December 2016, Ms. Eckstein served as a Vice President of MSIM. From April 2010 to December 2020, Ms. Eckstein primarily managed the day-to-day non-investment functions of the Portfolio Solutions Group, a business unit offering multi-asset, multi-manager managed portfolios. From January 2007 to April 2010, Ms. Eckstein was employed by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, a financial services firm, where her responsibilities included trade execution, portfolio analysis, external manager selection and research coverage. Ms. Eckstein received her Juris Doctorate from the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law in 2006 and her Bachelor of Arts, magna cum laude, from Brandeis University in 2003. Tatiana Segal, age 54, has been a Director of the General Partner since June 30, 2022, and a principal of the General Partner since July 1, 2022. She has also been a principal of MSIM since October 31, 2019. Ms. Segal joined MSIM as a Managing Director and Head of Risk Management in August 2019. She is responsible for risk management across MSIM business units and risk categories, including investment, operational, and franchise risk, and is a member of the Investment Management Operating Committee and a chair of the Investment Management Risk Committee. In June 2022, in addition to her original role, Tatiana was appointed as Global Head of Non-Financial Risk for Investment Management to manage existing and emergent non-financial risks across the division. She has since been appointed a member of Morgan Stanley s NFR Steering Committee and Enterprise Controls Committee. From August 2011 to August 2019, Tatiana was a partner and Head of Risk Management at SkyBridge Capital Management, a global alternative investments firm, where she was also a member of the Manager Selection, Portfolio Allocation and Real Estate Investment Committees. Prior to joining SkyBridge in August 2011, she was a Managing Director and Chief Risk Officer at Cerberus Capital Management, LLC from January 2009 through July 2011. Before joining Cerberus, Ms. Segal was Managing Director and Chief Risk Officer for Diamond Lake Investment Group from February 2008 through September 2008. From May 2006 through January 2008, Ms. Segal was a Senior Risk Manager at Citigroup Alternative Investments, where she was responsible for independent risk oversight of a multi-billion hedge fund and fund of funds portfolio. From October 2000 through April 2006, Ms. Segal was a Director of Market Risk at Nomura Securities, Inc. Prior to joining Nomura Securities, she was Risk Manager at BNP Paribas from January 1999 through October 2000 and a Risk Manager at Goldman, Sachs Co., Ltd. from October 1995 through January 1999. Ms. Segal started her career at BlackRock Financial Management, Inc. from January 1993 through September 1995, as a portfolio analyst within BlackRock s Institutional Accounts Division. Ms. Segal graduated from Columbia University in January 1993 with a Bachelor s Degree in Economics. Ms. Segal is a Co-Chair of Risk Peer Advisory Group NY for 100 Women in Finance, as well as a contributing member of the council of The Directors and Chief Risk Officers. She serves as a board member of the Tenement Museum. The Partnership has not adopted a code of ethics that applies to officers because it has no officers. In addition, the Partnership has not adopted any procedures by which investors may recommend nominees to the Partnership s board of directors and has not established an audit committee because it has no board of directors. 
 63 

Item 11. Executive Compensation . The Partnership has no directors or executive officers. As a limited partnership, the business of the Partnership is managed by the General Partner, which is responsible for administration of the business affairs of the Partnership. The Partnership pays the General Partner a monthly General Partner fee equal to an annual rate of 0.75 (paid monthly) of the Partnership s month-end net assets. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . (a) Security ownership of certain beneficial owners . As of February 28, 2023, the Partnership knows of no person who beneficially owns more than five percent (5 of the Redeemable Units outstanding. (b) Security ownership of management . Under the terms of the Limited Partnership Agreement, the Partnership s affairs are managed by the General Partner. The following table indicates securities owned by management as of December 31, 2022: 

(1) Title of Class 
 
 (2) Name of Beneficial Owner 
 
 (3) Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 
 (4) Percent of Class 

Class Z Redeemable Units 
 
 General Partner 
 
 2,738.3753 
 
 42.2 
 (c) Changes in control . None. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence . (a) Transactions with related persons. None. (b) Review, approval or ratification of transactions with related persons. Not applicable. (c) Promoters and certain control persons . MS Co., Morgan Stanley Wealth Management and the General Partner could be considered promoters for purposes of Item 404(c) of Regulation S-K. The nature and the amounts of compensation each promoter received or will receive, if any, from the Partnership are set forth under Item 1. Business . , Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . and Item 11. Executive Compensation . Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services . (1) Audit Fees . The aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by Ernst Young LLP EY for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for the audit of the Partnership s annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in the Partnership s Forms 10-Q and 10-K and other services normally provided in connection with regulatory filings or engagements were: 2022 190,328 2021 218,781 (2) Audit-Related Fees . None. (3) Tax Fees . The Partnership did not pay EY any amounts in 2022 and 2021 for professional services in connection with tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. (4) All Other Fees . None. (5) Not Applicable. (6) Not Applicable. 
 64 

PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules . (1) Financial Statements: Statements of Financial Condition at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Condensed Schedules of Investments at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Statements of Income and Expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Statements of Changes in Partners Capital for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Notes to Financial Statements. (2) Exhibits: 

3.1 
 
 Fifth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement, effective March 31, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.2(a) 
 
 Certificate of Limited Partnership of the Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York (filed as Exhibit 3.(I) to the General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10-12G filed on May 1, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(b) 
 
 1st Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York, dated April 3, 2001 (filed as Exhibit 3.(I) to the General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10-12G filed on May 1, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(c) 
 
 2nd Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York, dated May 21, 2003 (filed as Exhibit 3.2(b) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(d) 
 
 3rd Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York, dated September 21, 2005 (filed as Exhibit 3.2(c) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(e) 
 
 4th Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York, dated August 27, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 2, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(f) 
 
 5th Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York, dated September 19, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 3.2(e) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(g) 
 
 6th Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York, dated September 28, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 99.1(a) to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(h) 
 
 1st Certificate of Change to the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York, dated January 31, 2000 (filed as Exhibit 3.2(g) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(i) 
 
 7th Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York, dated June 29, 2010 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(h) to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(j) 
 
 8th Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York, dated September 2, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(k) 
 
 9th Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership dated August 7, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 3.2(j) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(l) 
 
 10th Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York, dated February 28, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 5, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(m) 
 
 11th Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York, dated March 31, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 3.2(m) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 65 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 25, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Winton Capital Management Limited (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 9, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.2(a) 
 
 Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement among Transtrend Master, the General Partner and Transtrend B.V. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 22, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(b) 
 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement among Transtrend Master, the General Partner and Transtrend B.V. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 28, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.3(a) 
 
 Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Willowbridge Advisors, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 13, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(b) 
 
 Amendment to the Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Willowbridge Associates Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 5, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.4(a) 
 
 Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Systematica Investments Limited (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 18, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(b) 
 
 Amendment to the Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Systematica Investments Limited (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.5(a) 
 
 Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and John Street Capital LLP (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 6, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(b) 
 
 Novation Agreement by and among the Partnership, the General Partner, John Street Capital LLP and John Street Capital Limited (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 18, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.6 
 
 Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and FORT, L.P. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 1, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.7 
 
 Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Northlander Commodity Advisors LLP (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.8(a) 
 
 Amended and Restated Commodity Futures Customer Agreement between the Partnership and MS Co., effective March 1, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(b) 
 
 U.S. Treasury Securities Purchase Authorization Agreement, between the Partnership and MS Co., effective June 1, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(c) 
 
 Supplement to the Amended and Restated Commodity Futures Customer Agreement among the Partnership, Winton Master, Transtrend Master, Willowbridge Master and MS Co., dated July 25, 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10.5(c) to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 28, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.9(a) 
 
 Amended and Restated Alternative Investment Selling Agent Agreement between the Partnership, the General Partner and Morgan Stanley Wealth Management, effective March 3, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(b) 
 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Alternative Investment Selling Agent Agreement between the Partnership, the General Partner and Morgan Stanley Wealth Management, effective July 1, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(c) 
 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Alternative Investment Selling Agent Agreement between the Partnership, the General Partner and Morgan Stanley Wealth Management, effective January 1, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.10 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.11(a) 
 
 Escrow Agreement among Ceres Managed Futures LLC, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC and The Bank of New York (filed as Exhibit 10.8(a) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 27, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 66 

(b) 
 
 Amendment No. 5 to Escrow Agreement among Ceres Managed Futures LLC, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC and The Bank of New York (filed as Exhibit 10.8(b) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 27, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.12 
 
 Amended and Restated Master Services Agreement, by and among the Partnership, the General Partner and SS C Technologies, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.13 
 
 Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Pan Capital Management LP (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.14 
 
 Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Greenwave Capital Management LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.15 
 
 Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Quantica Capital AG (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.16 
 
 Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Breakout Funds, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.17 
 
 Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Drakewood Capital Management Limited, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 

11.1 
 
 Foreign Exchange and Bullion Authorization Agreement between Winton Master and JPMorgan (filed as Exhibit 11.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

11.2 
 
 International Swap Dealers Association, Inc. Master Agreement between Winton Master and JPMorgan (filed as Exhibit 11.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

11.3 
 
 Schedule to International Swap Dealers Association, Inc. Master Agreement between Winton Master and JPMorgan (filed as Exhibit 11.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

11.4 
 
 2016 Credit Support Annex for Variation Margin to the Schedule to the International Swap Dealers Association, Inc. Master Agreement between Winton Master and JPMorgan (filed as Exhibit 11.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

11.5 
 
 Institutional Account Agreement between Winton Master and JPMorgan (filed as Exhibit 11.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

11.6 
 
 Foreign Exchange and Bullion Authorization Agreement between Transtrend Master and JPMorgan (filed as Exhibit 11.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

11.7 
 
 International Swap Dealers Association, Inc. Master Agreement between Transtrend Master and JPMorgan (filed as Exhibit 11.7 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

11.8 
 
 Schedule to International Swap Dealers Association, Inc. Master Agreement between Transtrend Master and JPMorgan (filed as Exhibit 11.8 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

11.9 
 
 2016 Credit Support Annex for Variation Margin to the Schedule to the International Swap Dealers Association, Inc. Master Agreement between Transtrend Master and JPMorgan (filed as Exhibit 11.9 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

11.10 
 
 Institutional Account Agreement between Transtrend Master and JPMorgan (filed as Exhibit 11.10 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

11.11 
 
 Foreign Exchange and Bullion Authorization Agreement among Willowbridge Master, Willowbridge and JPMorgan (filed as Exhibit 11.11 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

11.12 
 
 International Swap Dealers Association, Inc. Master Agreement between Willowbridge Master and JPMorgan (filed as Exhibit 11.12 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

11.13 
 
 Schedule to International Swap Dealers Association, Inc. Master Agreement between Willowbridge Master and JPMorgan (filed as Exhibit 11.13 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

11.14 
 
 2016 Credit Support Annex for Variation Margin to the Schedule to the International Swap Dealers Association, Inc. Master Agreement between Willowbridge Master and JPMorgan (filed as Exhibit 11.14 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

11.15 
 
 Institutional Account Agreement between Willowbridge Master and JPMorgan (filed as Exhibit 11.15 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 67 

12.1 
 
 Escrow Agreement by and among the Partnership, the General Partner, UMB Fund Services, Inc. and UMB Bank, N.A. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

12.2 
 
 Transfer Agency Agreement by and among the Partnership, the General Partner and UMB Fund Services, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

12.3(a) 
 
 Alternative Investment Selling Agent Agreement by and among the Partnership, the General Partner and Harbor Investment Advisory LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 25, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(b) 
 
 Amendment to the Alternative Investment Selling Agent Agreement by and among the Partnership, the General Partner and Harbor Investment Advisory LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(c) 
 
 Amendment to the Alternative Investment Selling Agent Agreement by and among the Partnership, the General Partner and Harbor Investment Advisory LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 

99.1 
 
 Financial Statements of CMF TT II, LLC. 

99.2 
 
 Financial Statements of CMF NL Master Fund LLC. 

99.3 
 
 Financial Statements of CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC. The exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulations S-K are incorporated herein by reference. 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification (Certification of President and Director) (filed herewith). 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification (Certification of Chief Financial Officer) (filed herewith). 32.1 Section 1350 Certification (Certification of President and Director) (filed herewith). 32.2 Section 1350 Certification (Certification of Chief Financial Officer) (filed herewith). 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 68 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CERES ORION L.P. 

By: Ceres Managed Futures LLC 

(General Partner) 

By: 
 
 /s/ Patrick T. Egan 

Patrick T. Egan 

President and Director 

Date: March 24, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

/s/ Patrick T. Egan 
 
 /s/ Steven Ross 
 
 /s/ Tatiana Segal 
 
 Patrick T. Egan 
 
 Steven Ross 
 
 Tatiana Segal 
 
 President and Director 
 
 Director 
 
 Director 
 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 
 Date: March 24, 2023 
 
 Date: March 24, 2023 
 
 Date: March 24, 2023 

/s/ Brooke Lambert 
 
 /s/ Victoria Eckstein 

Brooke Lambert 
 
 Victoria Eckstein 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Director 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC 

Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 
 Date: March 24, 2023 

Date: March 24, 2023 

Supplemental Information to be Furnished With Reports Filed Pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act by Registrants Which Have Not Registered Securities Pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. Annual Report to limited partners No proxy material has been sent to limited partners. 
 69 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d446320dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION I, Patrick T. Egan,
certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ceres Orion L.P.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in
this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 

/s/ Patrick T. Egan 

Patrick T. Egan 

Ceres Managed Futures LLC 

President and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d446320dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION I, Brooke Lambert, certify
that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ceres Orion L.P.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in
this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 

/s/ Brooke Lambert 

Brooke Lambert 

Ceres Managed Futures LLC 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d446320dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Ceres Orion L.P. (the Partnership on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Patrick T. Egan, President and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to
 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Partnership. 

/s/ Patrick T. Egan 
 
 Patrick T. Egan 
 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 
 President and Director 

Date: March 24, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d446320dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Ceres Orion L.P. (the Partnership on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Brooke Lambert, Chief Financial Officer of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted
pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Partnership. 

/s/ Brooke Lambert 
 
 Brooke Lambert 
 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Date: March 24, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 6
 d446320dex991.htm
 EX-99.1

EX-99.1 

Exhibit 99.1 
 To the Non-Managing Members of 
 CMF TT II, LLC To the best of the
knowledge and belief of the undersigned, the information contained herein is accurate and complete. 

By: 
 
 Patrick T. Egan 

President and Director 

Ceres Managed Futures LLC 

Trading Manager, 

CMF TT II, LLC 

Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 
 522 Fifth Avenue New York, NY
10036 (855) 672-4468 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Managing Member of CMF TT II, LLC, Opinion on the
Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying statements of financial condition of CMF TT II, LLC (the Trading
Company ), including the condensed schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of income and expenses, and changes in members capital for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Trading Company at
December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and changes in its members capital for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Trading Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Trading Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the
Trading Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the
United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Trading Company is not
required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of the Trading Company s internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Trading Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by correspondence with the custodian and brokers. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to those charged with governance and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. We determined that
there are no critical audit matters. 

We have served as the auditor of the Trading Company since 2017. 
 Boston, MA March 17, 2023 

CMF TT II, LLC 
 Statements of Financial Condition 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 

Assets: 

Equity in trading accounts: 

Unrestricted cash (Note 2e) 

56,747,114 

39,587,280 

Restricted cash (Note 2e) 

13,518,641 

19,987,266 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

793,512 

- 

Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts 

72,403 

196,865 

Total equity in trading account 

71,131,670 

59,771,411 

Interest receivable 

144,981 

- 

Total assets 

71,276,651 

59,771,411 

Liabilities and Members Capital: 

Liabilities: 

Net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts 

- 

1,949,535 

Accrued expenses: 

Incentive fees (Note 3b) 

- 

1,088,112 

Management fees (Note 3a) 

52,091 

40,778 

Professional fees 

22,431 

27,846 

Redemptions payable (Note 8c) 

99,664 

85,137 

Total liabilities 

174,186 

3,191,408 

Members Capital: 

Managing Member 

- 

- 

Non-Managing Member 

71,102,465 

56,580,003 

Total Members capital (net asset value) 

71,102,465 

56,580,003 

Total liabilities and Members capital 

71,276,651 

59,771,411 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF TT II, LLC 
 Condensed Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 

Notional )/ Number of Contracts 

Fair Value 

of Members Capital 

Futures Contracts Purchased 

Currencies 

1,226 

39,157 

0.06 

Energy 

14 

(54,213) 

(0.08) 

Grains 

286 

633,537 

0.89 

Indices 

1,188 

(385,568) 

(0.54) 

Interest Rates U.S. 

66 

(228,536) 

(0.32) 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

1,060 

(1,742,758) 

(2.46) 

Livestock 

307 

243,674 

0.34 

Metals 

120 

67,865 

0.10 

Softs 

525 

259,854 

0.37 

Total futures contracts purchased 

(1,166,988) 

(1.64) 

Futures Contracts Sold 

Currencies 

589 

468,796 

0.66 

Energy 

39 

260,510 

0.37 

Grains 

541 

(306,654) 

(0.43) 

Indices 

753 

253,573 

0.36 

Interest Rates U.S. 

750 

197,422 

0.28 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

1,410 

952,120 

1.32 

Metals 

35 

31,204 

0.04 

Softs 

214 

103,529 

0.15 

Total futures contracts sold 

1,960,500 

2.75 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

793,512 

1.11 

Unrealized Appreciation on Open Forward Contracts 

Currencies 

12,373,434 

124,286 

0.17 

Total unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts 

124,286 

0.17 

Unrealized Depreciation on Open Forward Contracts 

Currencies 

5,914,776 

(51,883) 

(0.07) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts 

(51,883) 

(0.07) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts 

72,403 

0.10 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF TT II, LLC 
 Condensed Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 

Notional )/ Number of Contracts 

Fair Value 

of Members Capital 

Futures Contracts Purchased 

Currencies 

775 

61,631 

0.11 

Energy 

124 

(740,548) 

(1.31) 

Grains 

1,359 

140,013 

0.25 

Indices 

1,521 

521,839 

0.92 

Interest Rates U.S. 

82 

43,342 

0.08 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

1,130 

(1,631,902) 

(2.88) 

Livestock 

386 

272,837 

0.48 

Metals 

105 

123,594 

0.22 

Softs 

425 

147,589 

0.25 

Total futures contracts purchased 

(1,061,605) 

(1.88) 

Futures Contracts Sold 

Currencies 

1,799 

(387,296) 

(0.68) 

Energy 

3 

3,071 

0.01 

Grains 

46 

(133,654) 

(0.24) 

Indices 

114 

(41,525) 

(0.07) 

Interest Rates U.S. 

911 

(90,973) 

(0.16) 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

1,206 

173,374 

0.31 

Metals 

67 

(286,984) 

(0.51) 

Softs 

163 

(123,943) 

(0.23) 

Total futures contracts sold 

(887,930) 

(1.57) 

Net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts 

(1,949,535) 

(3.45) 

Unrealized Appreciation on Open Forward Contracts 

Currencies 

24,893,431 

169,381 

0.30 

Metals 

233 

1,417,770 

2.51 

Total unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts 

1,587,151 

2.81 

Unrealized Depreciation on Open Forward Contracts 

Currencies 

21,267,632 

(265,706) 

(0.47) 

Metals 

320 

(1,124,580) 

(1.99) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts 

(1,390,286) 

(2.46) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts 

196,865 

0.35 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF TT II, LLC 
 Statements of Income and Expenses 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Investment Income: 

Interest income 

834,065 

1,981 

240,755 

Expenses: 

Brokerage, clearing and transaction fees (Note 2i) 

485,285 

452,591 

712,227 

Incentive fees (Note 3b) 

3,337,612 

3,237,149 

338,512 

Management fees (Note 3a) 

696,881 

562,192 

781,842 

Professional fees 

63,000 

63,833 

66,333 

Other fees 

83 

83 

91 

Total expenses 

4,582,861 

4,315,848 

1,899,005 

Net investment income (loss) 

(3,748,796) 

(4,313,867) 

(1,658,250) 

Trading Results: 

Net gains (losses) on trading of commodity interests: 

Net realized gains (losses) on closed contracts 

10,804,288 

30,221,762 

987,030 

Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on open contracts 

2,596,193 

(8,910,881) 

5,393,247 

Total trading results 

13,400,481 

21,310,881 

6,380,277 

Net income (loss) 

9,651,685 

16,997,014 

4,722,027 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF TT II, LLC 
 Statements of Changes in Members Capital 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

Managing Member 

Non-Managing Members 

Total 

Members Capital, December 31, 2019 

- 

119,608,248 

119,608,248 

Capital contributions - Non-Managing Members 

- 

25,056,240 

25,056,240 

Capital withdrawals - Non-Managing Members 

- 

(82,753,996) 

(82,753,996) 

Net income (loss) 

- 

4,722,027 

4,722,027 

Members Capital, December 31, 2020 

- 

66,632,519 

66,632,519 

Capital contributions - Non-Managing Members 

- 

2,198,377 

2,198,377 

Capital withdrawals - Non-Managing Members 

- 

(29,247,907) 

(29,247,907) 

Net income (loss) 

- 

16,997,014 

16,997,014 

Members Capital, December 31, 2021 

- 

56,580,003 

56,580,003 

Capital contributions - Non-Managing Members 

- 

41,801,513 

41,801,513 

Capital withdrawals - Non-Managing Members 

- 

(36,930,736) 

(36,930,736) 

Net income (loss) 

- 

9,651,685 

9,651,685 

Members Capital, December 31, 2022 

- 

71,102,465 

71,102,465 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF TT II, LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

1. 
 Organization: 
 CMF TT II, LLC TT II, LLC or the Trading Company was formed on March 26, 2007, as a Delaware
limited liability company under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (the Act ), to engage in the speculative trading of commodities, domestic and foreign futures contracts, forward contracts, foreign exchange commitments, options
on physical commodities and on futures contracts, spot (cash) commodities and currencies, exchange of futures contracts for physicals transactions, exchange of physicals for futures contracts transactions, and any rights pertaining thereto
(collectively, Futures Interests (refer to Note 4, Financial Instruments ). The Trading Manager (as defined below) may also determine to invest up to all of the Trading Company s assets in United States U.S. Treasury bills and/or money market mutual funds, including money market mutual funds managed by Morgan Stanley or its affiliates. The Trading Company commenced operations on August 1, 2007. 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC Ceres , the Managing Member or the Trading Manager is the
trading manager and the managing member of the Trading Company. Ceres is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley Domestic Holdings, Inc. MSD Holdings ). MSD Holdings is ultimately owned by Morgan Stanley. Morgan Stanley is a publicly
held company whose shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Morgan Stanley is engaged in various financial services and other businesses. 
 Ceres has retained Transtrend B.V. Transtrend or the Trading Advisor ), an unaffiliated commodity
trading advisor registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC ), to trade Futures Interests on behalf of the Trading Company. Each member (each investor in the Trading Company, a Member invests its assets in
the Trading Company, which allocates substantially all of its assets in the trading program of Transtrend, which makes investment decisions for the Trading Company. Ceres Orion L.P. Orion (a New York limited partnership) was the sole
Member of the Trading Company and owned 100 of the Trading Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The clearing
commodity broker for the Trading Company is Morgan Stanley Co. LLC MS Co. ). During the periods included in this report, MS Co. also acted as the counterparty on the trading of foreign currency forward contracts.
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan also acts as a foreign exchange forward or swap contract counterparty for the Trading Company. MS Co. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley. 
 The Trading Manager has delegated certain administrative functions to SS C Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
currently doing business as SS C GlobeOp (the Administrator ). Pursuant to a master services agreement, the Administrator furnishes certain administrative, accounting, regulatory reporting, tax and other services as agreed from time
to time. In addition, the Administrator maintains certain books and records of the Trading Company. 

CMF TT II, LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

2. 
 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: 

a. 
 Use of Estimates. The preparation of financial statements and accompanying notes in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires the Trading Manager to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses, and related
disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the financial statements and accompanying notes. As a result, actual results could differ from these estimates, and those differences could be material. 

b. 
 Statement of Cash Flows. The Trading Company has not provided a Statement of Cash Flows, as permitted
by Accounting Standards Codification ASC 230, Statement of Cash Flows. The Statements of Changes in Members Capital are included herein. As of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the
Trading Company carried no debt and all of the Trading Company s investments were carried at fair value and classified as Level 1 or Level 2 measurements. 

c. 
 Trading Company s Investments. All Futures Interests held by the Trading Company, including
derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments, are held for trading purposes. The Futures Interests are recorded on trade date and open contracts are recorded at fair value (as described in Note 6, Fair Value
Measurements at the measurement date. Gains or losses are realized when contracts are liquidated and are determined using the first-in, first-out method. Net
unrealized gains or losses on open contracts are included as a component of equity in trading accounts in the Statements of Financial Condition. Net realized gains or losses and net change in unrealized gains or losses are included in the Statements
of Income and Expenses. 

d. 
 Foreign Currency Transactions and Translation. The Trading Company s functional currency is the
U.S. dollar; however, the Trading Company may transact business in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars at the rate in effect at the date
of the Statements of Financial Condition. Income and expense items denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars at the rate in effect during the period. The effects of changes in foreign currency exchange
rates on investments are not segregated in the Statements of Income and Expenses from the changes in market price of those investments, but are included in net realized gains (losses) on closed contracts and net change in unrealized gains (losses)
on open contracts in the Statements of Income and Expenses. 

e. 
 Restricted and Unrestricted Cash. The cash held by the Trading Company available for trading in
Futures Interests is on deposit in commodity brokerage accounts with MS Co. and JPMorgan. The Trading Company s restricted cash is equal to the cash portion of assets on deposit to meet margin requirements, as determined by the exchange or
counterparty, and required by MS Co. and JPMorgan, as applicable. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount of cash held for margin requirements was 13,518,641 and 19,987,266, respectively. Restricted and unrestricted cash includes cash
denominated in foreign currencies of (921,486) (proceeds of 896,680) and 346,630 (cost of 349,044) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

f. 
 Revenue Recognition. MS Co. pays the Trading Company interest income on 100 of its average daily
equity maintained in cash in the Trading Company s brokerage account at MS Co. during each month at the rate equal to the monthly average of the 4-week U.S. Treasury bill discount rate less 0.15 
during such month but in no event less than zero. When the effective rate is less than zero, no interest is earned. Any interest earned on the Trading Company s cash account in excess of the amounts described above, if any, will be retained by
MS Co. and/or shared with Ceres. For purposes of such interest payments, daily funds do not include monies due to the Trading Company on Futures Interests that have not been received. MS Co. and Ceres will retain any excess interest not paid
to the Trading Company on such uninvested cash. 

CMF TT II, LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

g. 
 Income Taxes. Income taxes have not been recorded as each Member is individually liable for the
taxes, if any, on its share of the Trading Company s income and expenses. The Trading Company follows the guidance of ASC 740, Income Taxes, which prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for financial
statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing the Trading Company s tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are
 more-likely-than-not of being sustained when challenged or when examined by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions determined not to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold would be recorded as a tax benefit or liability in the Trading Company s Statements of Financial Condition for the current year. If a tax position does not meet the minimum
statutory threshold to avoid the incurring of penalties, an expense for the amount of the statutory penalty and interest, if applicable, shall be recognized in the Trading Company s Statements of Income and Expenses in the years in which the
position is claimed or expected to be claimed. The Trading Manager has concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions that would require recognition in the financial statements. The Trading Company files U.S. federal and various
state and local tax returns. No income tax returns are currently under examination. The 2019 through 2022 tax years remain subject to examination by U.S. federal and most state tax authorities. 

h. 
 Investment Company Status. The Trading Company has been deemed to be an investment company since
inception. Accordingly, the Trading Company follows the investment company accounting and reporting guidance of Accounting Standards Update 2013-08, Financial Services Investment Companies
(Topic 946): Amendments to the Scope, Measurement and Disclosure Requirements and reflects its investments at fair value with unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value reflected in the Statements of Income and
Expenses. 

i. 
 Brokerage, Clearing and Transaction Fees. The Trading Company accrues and pays brokerage, clearing
and transaction fees to MS Co. Brokerage fees are paid as they are incurred on a half-turn basis at 100 of the rates that MS Co. charges retail commodity customers and parties that are not clearinghouse members. In addition, the Trading
Company pays transaction and clearing fees as they are incurred. 

j. 
 Equity in Trading Accounts. The Trading Company s asset Equity in trading accounts, 
reflected in the Statements of Financial Condition, consists of (a) cash on deposit in commodity brokerage accounts with MS Co. and JPMorgan, a portion of which is used as margin for trading, (b) net unrealized appreciation on open
futures contracts and net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts, which are at fair value and calculated as the difference between the original contract value and fair value, as applicable and (c) U.S. Treasury bills, at fair value,
if any. The Trading Company, in its normal course of business, enters into various contracts with
MS Co. acting as its commodity broker. Pursuant to the brokerage agreement with MS Co., to the extent that such trading results in unrealized gains or losses, these amounts are offset for the Trading Company and are reported on a net basis
in the Statements of Financial Condition. The Trading Company has offset its unrealized gains or losses on forward
contracts executed with the same counterparty as allowable under the terms of its master netting agreements with MS Co. and JPMorgan, as applicable, as the counterparties on such contracts. The Trading Company has consistently applied its right
to offset. 

CMF TT II, LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

k. 
 Dissolution of the Trading Company. The Trading Company shall be dissolved upon the first of the
following events to occur: 

(1) 
 The sole determination of Ceres; 

(2) 
 The written consent of the Members holding not less than a majority interest in capital with or without
cause; or 

(3) 
 The occurrence of any other event that causes the dissolution of the limited liability company under the
Act. 

3. 
 Trading Advisor: 
 Ceres has retained Transtrend to make all trading decisions for the Trading Company. 
 Fees paid to Transtrend by the Trading Company consist of a management fee and an incentive fee as follows: 

a. 
 Management Fee. The Trading Company accrues and pays Transtrend a management fee equal to 1/12th of
0.85 (a 0.85 annual rate) of the net assets as of the first day of each month. 

b. 
 Incentive Fee. As of January 1, 2021, the Trading Company pays Transtrend a half year incentive
fee equal to 16 of the new trading profits earned by each Member. Prior to January 1, 2021, the Trading Company paid Transtrend a half year incentive fee equal to 20 of the new trading profits earned by each Member. Such fee is accrued on a
monthly basis, but is not payable until the end of each calendar half year. New trading profits
represent the amount by which profits from Futures Interests trading exceed losses after management fees, brokerage, clearing and transaction fees, and professional and other fees, as applicable, are deducted. When Transtrend experiences losses with
respect to the Members Capital as of the end of a calendar half year, Transtrend must recover such losses before it is eligible for an incentive fee in the future. Cumulative trading losses are reduced for capital withdrawn from the Trading
Company. 

4. 
 Financial Instruments: 
 The Trading Advisor trades Futures Interests on behalf of the Trading Company. Futures and forwards represent contracts for
delayed delivery of an instrument at a specified date and price. The fair value of an exchange-traded contract is based on the settlement price quoted by the exchange on the day with respect to which fair value is being determined. If an
exchange-traded contract could not have been liquidated on such day due to the operation of daily limits or other rules of the exchange, the settlement price will be equal to the settlement price on the first subsequent day on which the contract
could be liquidated. Futures Interests are fair valued as discussed in Note 6, Fair Value Measurements. The
Trading Company s contracts are accounted for on a trade-date basis. Gains or losses are realized when contracts are liquidated and are determined using the first-in, 
 first-out method. 

CMF TT II, LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

5. 
 Trading Activities: 
 The Trading Company s objective is to profit from speculative trading in Futures Interests. Therefore, the Trading
Advisor for the Trading Company will take speculative positions in Futures Interests where it feels the best profit opportunities exist for its trading strategy. As such, the average number of contracts outstanding in absolute quantity (the total of
the open long and open short positions) has been presented as a part of the volume disclosure, as position direction is not an indicative factor in such volume disclosures. 
 The Trading Manager estimates that at any given time approximately 1.1 to 11.7 of the Trading Company s contracts are
traded over-the-counter. All of the
Futures Interests owned by the Trading Company are held for trading purposes. The monthly average number of futures contracts traded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 10,980 and 9,953, respectively. The monthly average
number of metals forward contracts traded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 266 and 681, respectively. The monthly average notional value of currency forward contracts traded during the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 were 83,648,770 and 64,378,089, respectively. The following tables summarize the gross and net amounts
recognized relating to the assets and liabilities of the Trading Company s derivative instruments and transactions eligible for offset subject to master netting agreements or similar agreements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

Gross Amounts 

Amounts 

Offset in the 

Presented in the 

Gross Amounts Not Offset in the 

Statements of 

Statements of 

Statements of Financial Condition 

Gross Amounts 

Financial 

Financial 

Financial 

Cash Collateral 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Recognized 

Condition 

Condition 

Instruments 

Received/Pledged 

Net Amount 

Assets 

MS Co. 

Futures 

4,900,348 

(4,106,836) 

793,512 

- 

- 

793,512 

4,900,348 

(4,106,836) 

793,512 

- 

- 

793,512 

JPMorgan 

Forwards 

124,286 

(51,718) 

72,568 

- 

- 

72,568 

Total assets 

5,024,634 

(4,158,554) 

866,080 

- 

- 

866,080 

Liabilities 

MS Co. 

Futures 

(4,106,836) 

4,106,836 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Forwards 

(165) 

- 

(165) 

- 

165 

- 

(4,107,001) 

4,106,836 

(165) 

- 

165 

- 

JPMorgan 

Forwards 

(51,718) 

51,718 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total liabilities 

(4,158,719) 

4,158,554 

(165) 

- 

165 

- 

Net fair value 

866,080 

CMF TT II, LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

Gross Amounts 

Amounts 

Offset in the 

Presented in the 

Gross Amounts Not Offset in the 

Statements of 

Statements of 

Statements of Financial Condition 

Gross Amounts 

Financial 

Financial 

Financial 

Cash Collateral 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Recognized 

Condition 

Condition 

Instruments 

Received/Pledged 

Net Amount 

Assets 

MS Co. 

Futures 

3,992,994 

(3,992,994) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Forwards 

1,420,360 

(1,124,645) 

295,715 

- 

- 

295,715 

5,413,354 

(5,117,639) 

295,715 

- 

- 

295,715 

JPMorgan 

Forwards 

166,791 

(166,791) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total assets 

5,580,145 

(5,284,430) 

295,715 

- 

- 

295,715 

Liabilities 

MS Co. 

Futures 

(5,942,529) 

3,992,994 

(1,949,535) 

- 

1,949,535 

- 

Forwards 

(1,124,645) 

1,124,645 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(7,067,174) 

5,117,639 

(1,949,535) 

- 

1,949,535 

- 

JPMorgan 

Forwards 

(265,641) 

166,791 

(98,850) 

- 

98,850 

- 

Total liabilities 

(7,332,815) 

5,284,430 

(2,048,385) 

- 

2,048,385 

- 

Net fair value 

295,715 

In the event of default by the Trading Company, MS Co., the Trading Company s commodity futures
broker and a counterparty to certain of the Trading Company s non-exchange-traded contracts, as applicable, and JPMorgan, as a counterparty to certain of the Trading Company s non-exchange-traded contracts, has the right to offset the Trading Company s obligation with the Trading Company s cash and/or U.S. Treasury bills held by MS Co. or JPMorgan, as applicable, thereby
minimizing MS Co. s and JPMorgan s risk of loss. In certain instances, a counterparty may not post collateral and as such, in the event of default by such counterparty, the Trading Company is exposed to the amount shown in the
Statements of Financial Condition. In the case of exchange-traded contracts, the Trading Company s exposure to counterparty risk may be reduced since the exchange s clearinghouse interposes its credit between buyer and seller and the
clearinghouse s guarantee funds may be available in the event of a default. In some instances, the actual collateral received and/or pledged may be more than the amount shown due to overcollateralization. 
 The Trading Company has netting agreements with both MS Co. and JPMorgan. The Net unrealized appreciation on open
forward contracts and Net unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts as presented on the Statements of Financial Condition, as applicable, is the net of the amounts presented in the tables above for MS Co. and JPMorgan.

CMF TT II, LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 The following tables indicate the Trading Company s gross fair values of
derivative instruments of futures and forward contracts as separate assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

December 31, 2022 

Assets 

Futures Contracts 

Currencies 

1,302,330 

Energy 

302,374 

Grains 

757,222 

Indices 

381,413 

Interest Rates U.S. 

257,608 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

976,973 

Livestock 

261,513 

Metals 

182,081 

Softs 

478,834 

Total unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

4,900,348 

Liabilities 

Futures Contracts 

Currencies 

(794,377) 

Energy 

(96,077) 

Grains 

(430,339) 

Indices 

(513,408) 

Interest Rates U.S. 

(288,722) 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

(1,767,611) 

Livestock 

(17,839) 

Metals 

(83,012) 

Softs 

(115,451) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts 

(4,106,836) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

793,512 

Assets 

Forward Contracts 

Currencies 

124,286 

Total unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts 

124,286 

Liabilities 

Forward Contracts 

Currencies 

(51,883) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts 

(51,883) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts 

72,403 

This amount is in Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts in the Statements
of Financial Condition. 

This amount is in Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts in the Statements of
Financial Condition. 

CMF TT II, LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Futures Contracts 

Currencies 

1,036,288 

Energy 

122,776 

Grains 

659,137 

Indices 

860,745 

Interest Rates U.S. 

223,226 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

265,819 

Livestock 

289,578 

Metals 

147,793 

Softs 

387,632 

Total unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

3,992,994 

Liabilities 

Futures Contracts 

Currencies 

(1,361,953) 

Energy 

(860,253) 

Grains 

(652,778) 

Indices 

(380,431) 

Interest Rates U.S. 

(270,857) 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

(1,724,347) 

Livestock 

(16,741) 

Metals 

(311,183) 

Softs 

(363,986) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts 

(5,942,529) 

Net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts 

(1,949,535) 

Assets 

Forward Contracts 

Currencies 

169,381 

Metals 

1,417,770 

Total unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts 

1,587,151 

Liabilities 

Forward Contracts 

Currencies 

(265,706) 

Metals 

(1,124,580) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts 

(1,390,286) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts 

196,865 

This amount is in Net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts in the Statements
of Financial Condition. 

This amount is in Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts in the Statements of
Financial Condition. 

CMF TT II, LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 The following table indicates the trading gains and losses, by market sector,
on derivative instruments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Sector 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Currencies 

4,570,234 

(28,270) 

(6,358,463) 

Energy 

6,295,184 

16,941,671 

(35,700) 

Grains 

1,559,623 

4,555,071 

4,074,625 

Indices 

(6,400,807) 

3,314,908 

(4,578,010) 

Interest Rates U.S. 

9,236,412 

2,428,157 

7,554,450 

Interest Rates Non-U.S. 

3,303,851 

(6,971,460) 

3,428,825 

Livestock 

(2,387,443) 

(71,077) 

(1,455,844) 

Metals 

(449,880) 

119,087 

8,700,886 

Softs 

(2,326,693) 

1,022,794 

(4,950,492) 

Total 

13,400,481 

21,310,881 

6,380,277 

This amount is in Total trading results in the Statements of Income and Expenses. 

6. 
 Fair Value Measurements: 
 Fair value is defined as the value that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the
lowest priority to fair values derived from unobservable inputs (Level 3). The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls shall be determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to
the fair value measurement in its entirety. The fair value of exchange-traded futures, forward and option contracts is
determined by the various exchanges, and reflects the settlement price for each contract as of the close of business on the last business day of the reporting period. The fair value of foreign currency forward contracts is extrapolated on a forward
basis from the spot prices quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period from various exchanges. The fair value of non-exchange-traded foreign currency option
contracts is calculated by applying an industry standard model application for options valuation of foreign currency options, using as input the spot prices, interest rates and option implied volatilities quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.)
on the last business day of the reporting period. U.S. Treasury bills are valued at the last available bid price received from independent pricing services as of the close of the last business day of the reporting period. 
 The Trading Company considers prices for commodity futures, swap and option contracts to be based on unadjusted quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets and liabilities (Level 1). The values of U.S. Treasury bills, non-exchange-traded forward, swap and certain option contracts for which market quotations are not readily
available are priced by pricing services that derive fair values for those assets and liabilities from observable inputs (Level 2). As of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Trading Company did not hold any derivative
instruments that were priced at fair value using unobservable inputs through the application of the Trading Manager s assumptions and internal valuation pricing models (Level 3). 

CMF TT II, LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Total 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Assets 

Futures 

4,900,348 

4,900,348 

- 

- 

Forwards 

124,286 

- 

124,286 

- 

Total assets 

5,024,634 

4,900,348 

124,286 

- 

Liabilities 

Futures 

4,106,836 

4,106,836 

- 

- 

Forwards 

51,883 

- 

51,883 

- 

Total liabilities 

4,158,719 

4,106,836 

51,883 

- 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Total 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Assets 

Futures 

3,992,994 

3,992,994 

- 

- 

Forwards 

1,587,151 

- 

1,587,151 

- 

Total assets 

5,580,145 

3,992,994 

1,587,151 

- 

Liabilities 

Futures 

5,942,529 

5,942,529 

- 

- 

Forwards 

1,390,286 

- 

1,390,286 

- 

Total liabilities 

7,332,815 

5,942,529 

1,390,286 

- 

7. 
 Financial Instrument Risk: 
 The Members investments in the Trading Company expose the Members to various types of risks that are associated with
Futures Interests trading and markets in which the Trading Company invests. The significant types of financial risks that the Trading Company is exposed to are market risk, liquidity risk, counterparty credit risk and changes in interest rates. 
 The rapid fluctuations in the market prices of Futures Interests in which the Trading Company invests and changes in interest
rates make the Members investments volatile. If Transtrend incorrectly predicts the direction of prices in the Futures Interests in which it invests, large losses may occur. 
 Illiquidity in the markets in which the Trading Company invests may cause less favorable trade prices. Although Transtrend
will generally purchase and sell actively traded contracts where last trade price information and quoted prices are readily available, the prices at which a sale or purchase occur may differ from the prices expected because there may be a delay
between receiving a quote and executing a trade, particularly in circumstances where a market has limited trading volume and prices are often quoted for relatively limited quantities. 

CMF TT II, LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 The credit risk on Futures Interests arises from the potential inability of
counterparties to perform under the terms of the contracts. The Trading Company has credit risk and concentration risk, as MS Co., an MS Co. affiliate or JPMorgan are counterparties or brokers with respect to the Trading Company s
assets. The Trading Company s exposure to credit risk associated with counterparty nonperformance is typically limited to the cash deposits with, or other form of collateral held by, the counterparty. The Trading Company s assets deposited
with MS Co. or its affiliates are segregated or secured in accordance with the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations of the CFTC and are expected to be largely held in non-interest bearing bank
accounts at a U.S. bank or banks, but may also be invested in any other instruments approved by the CFTC for investment of customer funds. Exchange-traded futures, exchange-traded forward and exchange-traded futures-styled option contracts are
marked to market on a daily basis, with variations in value settled on a daily basis. With respect to the Trading Company s non-exchange-traded forward currency contracts and forward currency option
contracts, there are no daily settlements of variation in value, nor is there any requirement that an amount equal to the net unrealized gains (losses) on such contracts be segregated. However, the Trading Company is required to meet margin
requirements with the counterparty, which is accomplished by daily maintenance of the cash balance in a custody account and U.S. Treasury bills held at MS Co. or JPMorgan. With respect to those
 non-exchange-traded forward currency contracts, the Trading Company is at risk to the ability of MS Co. or JPMorgan, counterparties on such contracts, to perform. The Trading Company has a netting
agreement with each counterparty. These agreements, which seek to reduce both the Trading Company s and the counterparties exposure on non-exchange-traded forward currency contracts, should
materially decrease the Trading Company s credit risk in the event of MS Co. s or JPMorgan s bankruptcy or insolvency. 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Trading Company enters into contracts and agreements that contain various
representations and warranties and which provide general indemnifications. The Trading Company s maximum exposure under these arrangements cannot be determined, as this could include future claims that have not yet been made against the Trading
Company. The Trading Company considers the risk of any future obligation relating to these indemnifications to be remote. 
 Since its discovery in December 2019, a new strain of coronavirus, which causes the viral disease known as COVID-19, has spread from China to many other countries, including the United States. The outbreak has been declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization, and the U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary has
declared a public health emergency in the United States in response to the outbreak. The
 COVID-19 pandemic and related voluntary and government-imposed social and business restrictions has impacted global economic conditions and adversely affected various industries (including, but not limited to,
transportation, hospitality and entertainment), resulting in volatility in the global financial markets, disruption in global supply chains, increased unemployment, and operational challenges such as the temporary and permanent closures of
businesses, sheltering-in-place directives and increased remote work protocols. If the pandemic continues to be prolonged or the actions of governments and central banks
are unsuccessful, including actions to facilitate the comprehensive distribution of effective vaccines, the adverse impact on the global economy will deepen. 
 Given the continuing development of this situation, it is not possible to accurately predict how the market disruptions caused
by COVID-19 will further impact the U.S and other world economies or the value of the Trading Company s investments, or for how long the effects of such events will continue. Nevertheless, the novel
coronavirus continues to present material uncertainty and risk with respect to the Trading Company s investments and operations. 

CMF TT II, LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 On February 22, 2022, the United States and several European nations
announced sanctions against Russia in response to Russia s mobilization of forces and threat of invasion of the Ukraine, and governments around the world imposed, and may in the future impose, additional sanctions on Russia in response to its
continued escalation of this conflict. On February 24, 2022, Russian President Putin commenced a full-scale invasion of Russia s pre-positioned forces into the Ukraine. The conflict has created
volatility in the price of various commodities and may have a negative impact on business activity globally, and therefore could adversely affect the performance of the Trading Company s investments. Furthermore, uncertainties regarding the
conflict between the two nations and the varying involvement of the United States and other NATO countries preclude prediction as to the ultimate impact on global economic and market conditions, and, as a result, presents material uncertainty and
risk with respect to the Trading Company and the performance of its investments or operations, and the ability of the Trading Company to achieve its investment objectives. Additionally, to the extent that investors, service providers and/or other
third parties have material operations or assets in Russia or Ukraine, they may have their operations disrupted and/or suffer adverse consequences related to the ongoing conflict. 

8. 
 Members Capital: 

a. 
 Members Capital . The Members Capital of the Trading Company is equal to the total
assets of the Trading Company (including, but not limited to, all cash and cash equivalents, U.S. Treasury bills, at fair value, net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts, net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts, interest
receivable and other assets, as applicable) less all liabilities (including, but not limited to, unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts, unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts, management fees, incentive fees, professional fees
and redemptions payable, as applicable), determined in accordance with GAAP. 

b. 
 Capital Contributions. Capital contributions by the Members may be made monthly pending Ceres 
approval. Such capital contributions will increase each contributing Member s pro-rata share of the Trading Company s Members Capital. 

c. 
 Capital Withdrawals. Generally, each Member may withdraw all or a portion of its capital
contributions and undistributed profits, if any, from the Trading Company as of the end of any month (the Redemption Date after a request for redemption has been made to the Trading Manager at least three days in advance of the
Redemption Date. However, a Member may request a withdrawal as of the end of any day if such request is received by the Trading Manager at least three days in advance of the proposed withdrawal day. 

d. 
 Distributions. Distributions, other than capital withdrawals, are made on a pro-rata basis at the sole discretion of Ceres. No distributions have been made to date. Ceres does not intend to make any distributions of the Trading Company s profits. 

CMF TT II, LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

9. 
 Financial Highlights: 
 Financial highlights for the non-managing Members as a whole for the years ended
December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Ratios to Average Members Capital: 

Net investment loss 

(4.6) 

(6.5) 

(1.8) 

Operating expenses before incentive fees 

1.5 

1.6 

1.7 

Incentive fees 

4.1 

4.9 

0.4 

Operating expenses after incentive fees 

5.6 

6.5 

2.1 

Total return: 

Total return before incentive fees 

18.7 

33.7 

9.6 

Incentive fees 

(4.5) 

(5.9) 

(0.5) 

Total return after incentive fees 

14.2 

27.8 

9.1 

Interest income less total expenses. 
 The above ratios and total return may vary for individual investors based on the timing of capital transactions during the
year. Additionally, these ratios are calculated for the non-managing Members share of income, expenses and average Members capital. 

10. 
 Subsequent Events: 
 The Trading Manager evaluates events that occur after the balance sheet date but before and up until financial statements are
issued. The Trading Manager has assessed the subsequent events through March 17, 2023, the date the financial statements were available to be issued and has determined that there were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure
in the financial statements. 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-99.2>
 7
 d446320dex992.htm
 EX-99.2

EX-99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 
 To the Non-Managing Members of 
 CMF NL Master Fund LLC To
the best of the knowledge and belief of the undersigned, the information contained herein is accurate and complete. 

By: 
 
 Patrick T. Egan 

President and Director 

Ceres Managed Futures LLC 

Trading Manager, 

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 

Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 
 522 Fifth Avenue 
 
 New York, NY 10036 
 
 (855) 672-4468 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Managing Member of CMF NL Master Fund LLC, 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements We
have audited the accompanying statements of financial condition of CMF NL Master Fund LLC (the Trading Company ), including the condensed schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of income
and expenses, and changes in members capital for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Trading Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and changes in its members capital for each of the two years in the period
ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Trading Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Trading Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the
Trading Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the
United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Trading Company is not
required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of the Trading Company s internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Trading Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by correspondence with the custodian and brokers. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to those charged with governance and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. We determined that
there are no critical audit matters. 

We have served as the auditor of the Trading Company since 2019. 
 Boston, MA March 17, 2023 

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Statements of Financial Condition 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 

Assets: 

Equity in trading account: 

Unrestricted cash (Note 2e) 

35,029,326 

33,911,941 

Restricted cash (Note 2e) 

4,897,133 

5,297,408 

Foreign cash (cost 1,053,384 and 805,411 at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively) 

1,069,621 

804,951 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

1,526,420 

8,650,012 

Options purchased, at fair value (premiums paid 498,658 and 1,210,798 at December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively) 

5,126,189 

1,595,980 

Total equity in trading account 

47,648,689 

50,260,292 

Total assets 

47,648,689 

50,260,292 

Liabilities and Members Capital: 

Liabilities: 

Accrued expenses: 

Professional fees 

22,332 

27,632 

Redemptions payable (Note 8c) 

2,360,537 

7,978,710 

Total liabilities 

2,382,869 

8,006,342 

Members Capital: 

Managing Member 

- 

- 

Non-Managing Members 

45,265,820 

42,253,950 

Total Members capital (net asset value) 

45,265,820 

42,253,950 

Total liabilities and Members capital 

47,648,689 

50,260,292 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Condensed Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 

Number 

of Members 

of Contracts 

Fair Value 
 
 Capital 

Futures Contracts Purchased 

Energy 

DUTCH TTF Call Strike price 150; Feb 23 

50 

(1,145,732) 

(2.53) 

DUTCH TTF Call Strike price 150; Mar 23 

50 

(1,155,982) 

(2.55) 

API2 MG-F CAL Put Strike price 100; Jan 24 

6 

1,372,320 

3.03 

Other 

704 

(2,995,034) 

(6.62) 

Total futures contracts purchased 

(3,924,428) 

(8.67) 

Futures Contracts Sold 

Energy 

DUTCH TTF Call Strike price 160; Feb 23 

50 

1,115,876 

2.47 

DUTCH TTF Call Strike price 160; Mar 23 

50 

1,135,023 

2.50 

PHELIX DE BASE Y JAN 24 

4 

2,172,257 

4.80 

Other 

107 

1,027,692 

2.27 

Total futures contracts sold 

5,450,848 

12.04 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

1,526,420 

3.37 

Options Purchased 

Calls 

Energy 

PHELIX DE BASE Call Strike price 150; Dec 24 

6 

5,126,189 

11.32 

Total options purchased (premiums paid 498,658) 

5,126,189 

11.32 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Condensed Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 

Number of 

of Members 

Contracts 

Fair Value 
 
 Capital 

Futures Contracts Purchased 

Energy 

ICE ECX EMISSION Dec 23 

100 

3,140,190 

7.43 

ECX EMISSION FSM Call Strike price 75; Dec 22 

160 

1,822,220 

4.31 

ECX EMISSION FSM Call Strike price 80; Dec 22 

100 

951,728 

2.25 

PHELIX DE BASE Y Jan 23 

1 

636,971 

1.51 

API2 MG-F CAL Call Strike price 100; Jan 23 

10 

525,600 

1.24 

ECX EMISSION FSM Call Strike price 100; Mar 22 

175 

442,016 

1.05 

Other 

927 

2,863,621 

6.78 

Total futures contracts purchased 

10,382,346 

24.57 

Futures Contracts Sold 

Energy 

ECX EMISSION FSM Call Strike price 100; Dec 22 

100 

(589,923) 

(1.40) 

Other 

212 

(1,142,411) 

(2.70) 

Total futures contracts sold 

(1,732,334) 

(4.10) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

8,650,012 

20.47 

Options Purchased 

Calls 

Energy 

256 

1,383,002 

3.27 

Puts 

Energy 

12 

212,978 

0.51 

Total options purchased (premiums paid 1,210,798) 

1,595,980 

3.78 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Statements of Income and Expenses 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

Investment Income: 

Interest income 

575,235 

9,235 

66,821 

Expenses: 

Brokerage, clearing and transaction fees (Note 2h) 

76,063 

217,100 

72,674 

Professional and other fees 

53,333 

56,918 

62,424 

Total expenses 

129,396 

274,018 

135,098 

Net investment income (loss) 

445,839 

(264,783) 

(68,277) 

Trading Results: 

Net gains (losses) on trading of commodity interests: 

Net realized gains (losses) on closed contracts 

15,614,391 

21,219,729 

(3,091,767) 
 
 Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on open contracts 

(2,864,546) 

7,883,393 

2,714,073 

Total trading results 

12,749,845 

29,103,122 

(377,694) 

Net income (loss) 

13,195,684 

28,838,339 

(445,971) 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Statements of Changes in Members Capital 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Managing 

Non-Managing 

Member 

Members 
 
 Total 

Members Capital, December 31, 2019 

- 

21,701,870 

21,701,870 

Capital withdrawals - Non-Managing Members 

- 

(6,851,105) 

(6,851,105) 
 
 Distribution of interest income to feeder funds 

- 

(66,821) 

(66,821) 
 
 Net income (loss) 

- 

(445,971) 

(445,971) 

Members Capital, December 31, 2020 

- 

14,337,973 

14,337,973 

Capital contributions - Non-Managing Members 

- 

12,137,000 

12,137,000 

Capital withdrawals - Non-Managing Members 

- 

(13,050,127) 

(13,050,127) 
 
 Distribution of interest income to feeder funds 

- 

(9,235) 

(9,235) 
 
 Net income (loss) 

- 

28,838,339 

28,838,339 

Members Capital, December 31, 2021 

- 

42,253,950 

42,253,950 

Capital contributions - Non-Managing Members 

- 

14,212,000 

14,212,000 

Capital withdrawals - Non-Managing Members 

- 

(23,820,579) 

(23,820,579) 
 
 Distribution of interest income to feeder funds 

- 

(575,235) 

(575,235) 
 
 Net income (loss) 

- 

13,195,684 

13,195,684 

Members Capital, December 31, 2022 

- 

45,265,820 

45,265,820 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

1. 
 Organization: 
 CMF NL Master Fund LLC (the Trading Company was formed on January 16, 2019, as a Delaware limited liability
company under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (the Act ), to engage in the speculative trading of commodities, domestic and foreign futures contracts, forward contracts, foreign exchange commitments, options on physical
commodities and on futures contracts, spot (cash) commodities and currencies, exchange of futures contracts for physicals transactions, exchange of physicals for futures contracts transactions, and any rights pertaining thereto (collectively,
 Futures Interests (refer to Note 4, Financial Instruments ). The Trading Manager (as defined below) may also determine to invest up to all of the Trading Company s assets in United States U.S. Treasury
bills and/or money market mutual funds, including money market mutual funds managed by Morgan Stanley or its affiliates. The Trading Company commenced operations on April 1, 2019. 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC Ceres , the Managing Member or the Trading Manager is the
trading manager and the managing member of the Trading Company. Ceres is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley Domestic Holdings, Inc. MSD Holdings ). MSD Holdings is ultimately owned by Morgan Stanley. Morgan Stanley is a publicly
held company whose shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Morgan Stanley is engaged in various financial services and other businesses. 
 Ceres has retained Northlander Commodity Advisors LLP Northlander or the Advisor ), an unaffiliated
commodity trading advisor registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC ), to trade Futures Interests on behalf of the Trading Company. Each member (each investor in the Trading Company, a Member invests its
assets in the Trading Company, which allocates substantially all of its assets in the trading program of Northlander, which makes investment decisions for the Trading Company. As of December 31, 2022, Ceres Orion L.P. Orion (a New
York limited partnership) and Ceres Tactical Commodity L.P. Tactical Commodity (a New York limited partnership) were the Members of the Trading Company and owned approximately 71.4 and 28.6 of the Trading Company, respectively. As of
December 31, 2021, Orion and Tactical Commodity owned approximately 74.0 and 26.0 of the Trading Company, respectively. 
 The clearing commodity broker for the Trading Company is Morgan Stanley Co. LLC MS Co. ).
MS Co. also acts as the counterparty on the trading of foreign currency forward contracts. MS Co. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley. 
 The Trading Manager has delegated certain administrative functions to SS C Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
currently doing business as SS C GlobeOp (the Administrator ). Pursuant to a master services agreement, the Administrator furnishes certain administrative, accounting, regulatory reporting, tax and other services as agreed from time
to time. In addition, the Administrator maintains certain books and records of the Trading Company. 

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

2. 
 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: 

a. 
 Use of Estimates . The preparation of financial statements and accompanying notes in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires the Trading Manager to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses, and related
disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the financial statements and accompanying notes. As a result, actual results could differ from these estimates, and those differences could be material. 

b. 
 Statement of Cash Flows . The Trading Company has not provided a Statement of Cash Flows, as permitted
by Accounting Standards Codification ASC 230, Statement of Cash Flows. The Statements of Changes in Members Capital are included herein. As of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the
Trading Company carried no debt and all of the Trading Company s investments were carried at fair value and classified as Level 1 or Level 2 measurements. 

c. 
 Trading Company s Investments . All Futures Interests held by the Trading Company, including
derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments, are held for trading purposes. The Futures Interests are recorded on trade date and open contracts are recorded at fair value (as described in Note 6, Fair Value
Measurements at the measurement date. Gains or losses are realized when contracts are liquidated and are determined using the first-in, first-out method.
Unrealized gains or losses on open contracts are included as a component of equity in trading account in the Statements of Financial Condition. Net realized gains or losses and net change in unrealized gains or losses are included in the Statements
of Income and Expenses. 

d. 
 Foreign Currency Transactions and Translation . The Trading Company s functional currency is the
U.S. dollar; however, the Trading Company may transact business in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars at the rate in effect at the date
of the Statements of Financial Condition. Income and expense items denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars at the rate in effect during the period. The effects of changes in foreign currency exchange
rates on investments are not segregated in the Statements of Income and Expenses from the changes in market price of those investments, but are included in net realized gains (losses) on closed contracts and net change in unrealized gains (losses)
on open contracts in the Statements of Income and Expenses. 

e. 
 Restricted and Unrestricted Cash . The cash held by the Trading Company available for trading in
Futures Interests is on deposit in a commodity brokerage account with MS Co. The Trading Company s restricted cash is equal to the cash portion of assets on deposit to meet margin requirements, as determined by the exchange or counterparty,
and required by MS Co. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount of cash held for margin requirements was 4,897,133 and 5,297,408, respectively. Restricted and unrestricted cash includes cash denominated in foreign currencies of 1,069,621
(cost of 1,053,384) and 804,951 (cost of 805,411) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

f. 
 Income Taxes . Income taxes have not been recorded as each Member is individually liable for the
taxes, if any, on its share of the Trading Company s income and expenses. The Trading Company follows the guidance of ASC 740, Income Taxes, which prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for financial
statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing the Trading Company s tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are
 more-likely-than-not of being sustained when challenged or when examined by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions determined not to meet the more-likely- than-not threshold would be recorded as a tax benefit or liability in the Statements of Financial Condition for the current year. If a tax position does not meet the minimum statutory threshold to avoid the
incurring of penalties, an expense for the amount of the statutory penalty and interest, if applicable, shall be recognized in the Statements of Income and Expenses in the years in which the position is claimed or expected to be claimed. The Trading
Manager has concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions that would require recognition in the financial statements. The Trading Company files U.S. federal and various state and local tax returns. No income tax returns are
currently under examination. All periods since inception remain subject to examination by U.S. federal and most state tax authorities. 

g. 
 Investment Company Status . The Trading Company has been deemed to be an investment company since
inception. Accordingly, the Trading Company follows the investment company accounting and reporting guidance of Accounting Standards Update 2013-08, Financial Services Investment Companies
(Topic 946): Amendments to the Scope, Measurement and Disclosure Requirements and reflects its investments at fair value with unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value reflected in the Statements of Income and
Expenses. 

h. 
 Brokerage, Clearing and Transaction Fees . The Trading Company accrues and pays brokerage, clearing
and transaction fees to MS Co. Brokerage fees are paid as they are incurred on a half-turn basis at 100 of the rates that MS Co. charges retail commodity customers and parties that are not clearinghouse members. In addition, the Trading
Company pays transaction and clearing fees as they are incurred. 

i. 
 Equity in Trading Account . The Trading Company s asset Equity in trading account, 
reflected in the Statements of Financial Condition, consists of (a) cash on deposit in the commodity brokerage account with MS Co., a portion of which is used as margin for trading, (b) net unrealized appreciation on open futures
contracts, if any, which are at fair value and calculated as the difference between the original contract value and fair value, as applicable, (c) options purchased, at fair value, if any and (d) U.S. Treasury bills, at fair value, if any.

The Trading Company, in its normal course of business, enters into various contracts with MS Co. acting
as its commodity broker. Pursuant to the brokerage agreement with MS Co., to the extent that such trading results in unrealized gains or losses, these amounts are offset for the Trading Company and are reported on a net basis in the Statements
of Financial Condition. 

The Trading Company has offset its unrealized gains or losses on forward contracts executed with the same
counterparty as allowable under the terms of its master netting agreement with MS Co. as the counterparty on such contracts. The Trading Company has consistently applied its right to offset. 

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

j. 
 Dissolution of the Trading Company . The Trading Company shall be dissolved upon the first of the
following events to occur: 

(1) 
 The sole determination of Ceres; 

(2) 
 The written consent of the Members holding not less than a majority interest in capital with or without
cause; or 

(3) 
 The occurrence of any other event that causes the dissolution of the limited liability company under the
Act. 

3. 
 Advisor: 
 Ceres has retained Northlander to make all trading decisions for the Trading Company. 
 Fees are paid to Northlander directly by the Members in accordance with the compensation provisions of the relevant management
agreements between each Member and Northlander. 

4. 
 Financial Instruments: 
 The Advisor trades Futures Interests on behalf of the Trading Company. Futures and forwards represent contracts for delayed
delivery of an instrument at a specified date and price. The fair value of an exchange- traded contract is based on the settlement price quoted by the exchange on the day with respect to which fair value is being determined. If an exchange-traded
contract could not have been liquidated on such day due to the operation of daily limits or other rules of the exchange, the settlement price will be equal to the settlement price on the first subsequent day on which the contract could be
liquidated. Futures Interests are fair valued as discussed in Note 6, Fair Value Measurements. The Trading
Company s contracts are accounted for on a trade-date basis. Gains or losses are realized when contracts are liquidated and are determined using the first-in, 
 first-out method. 

5. 
 Trading Activities: 
 The Trading Company s objective is to profit from speculative trading in Futures Interests. Therefore, the Advisor for
the Trading Company will take speculative positions in Futures Interests where it feels the best profit opportunities exist for its trading strategy. As such, the average number of contracts outstanding in absolute quantity (the total of the open
long and open short positions) has been presented as a part of the volume disclosure, as position direction is not an indicative factor in such volume disclosures. 
 None of the Trading Company s current contracts are traded over-the-counter, although contracts may be traded over-the-counter in the future. 
 All of the Futures Interests owned by the Trading Company are held for trading purposes. The monthly average number of futures
contracts traded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 2,125 and 3,365, respectively. The monthly average number of option contracts traded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 862 and 393, respectively.

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 The following tables summarize the gross and net amounts recognized relating
to the assets and liabilities of the Trading Company s derivative instruments and transactions eligible for offset subject to master netting agreements or similar agreements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Gross Amounts 
 
 Amounts 

Offset in the 
 
 Presented in the 

Gross Amounts Not Offset in the 

Gross 
 
 Statements of 
 
 Statements of 

Statements of Financial Condition 

Amounts 
 
 Financial 
 
 Financial 

Financial 
 
 Cash Collateral 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Recognized 
 
 Condition 
 
 Condition 

Instruments 
 
 Received/Pledged 
 
 Net Amount 

Assets 

Futures 

8,414,145 

(6,887,725) 

1,526,420 

- 

- 

1,526,420 

Total assets 

8,414,145 

(6,887,725) 

1,526,420 

- 

- 

1,526,420 

Liabilities 

Futures 

(6,887,725) 

6,887,725 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total liabilities 

(6,887,725) 

6,887,725 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net fair value 

1,526,420 

Gross Amounts 
 
 Amounts 

Offset in the 
 
 Presented in the 

Gross Amounts Not Offset in the 

Gross 
 
 Statements of 
 
 Statements of 

Statements of Financial Condition 

Amounts 
 
 Financial 
 
 Financial 

Financial 
 
 Cash Collateral 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Recognized 
 
 Condition 
 
 Condition 

Instruments 
 
 Received/Pledged 
 
 Net Amount 

Assets 

Futures 

12,412,516 

(3,762,504) 

8,650,012 

- 

- 

8,650,012 

Total assets 

12,412,516 

(3,762,504) 

8,650,012 

- 

- 

8,650,012 

Liabilities 

Futures 

(3,762,504) 

3,762,504 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total liabilities 

(3,762,504) 

3,762,504 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net fair value 

8,650,012 

In the event of default by the Trading Company, MS Co., the Trading Company s commodity futures
broker and a counterparty to certain of the Trading Company s non-exchange-traded contracts, as applicable, has the right to offset the Trading Company s obligation with the Trading Company s
cash and/or U.S. Treasury bills held by MS Co., thereby minimizing MS Co. s risk of loss. In certain instances, a counterparty may not post collateral and as such, in the event of default by such counterparty, the Trading Company is
exposed to the amount shown in the Statements of Financial Condition. In the case of exchange-traded contracts, the Trading Company s exposure to counterparty risk may be reduced since the exchange s clearinghouse interposes its credit
between buyer and seller and the clearinghouse s guarantee funds may be available in the event of a default. In some instances, the actual collateral received and/or pledged may be more than the amount shown due to overcollateralization.

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 The following tables indicate the Trading Company s gross fair values of
derivative instruments of futures and option contracts as separate assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

December 31, 2022 

Assets 

Futures Contracts 

Energy 

8,414,145 

Total unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

8,414,145 

Liabilities 

Futures Contracts 

Energy 

(6,887,725) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts 

(6,887,725) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

1,526,420 

Assets 

Options Purchased 

Energy 

5,126,189 

Total options purchased 

5,126,189 

This amount is in Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts in the Statements of
Financial Condition. 

This amount is in Options purchased, at fair value in the Statements of Financial Condition.

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Futures Contracts 

Energy 

12,412,516 

Total unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

12,412,516 

Liabilities 

Futures Contracts 

Energy 

(3,762,504) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts 

(3,762,504) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

8,650,012 

Assets 

Options Purchased 

Energy 

1,595,980 

Total options purchased 

1,595,980 

This amount is in Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts in the Statements of
Financial Condition. 

This amount is in Options purchased, at fair value in the Statements of Financial Condition.
 The following table indicates the trading gains and losses, by market sector, on derivative instruments
for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Sector 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Currencies 

588,071 

(41,192) 

167,164 

Energy 

12,161,774 

29,144,314 

(544,858) 

Total 

12,749,845 

29,103,122 

(377,694) 

This amount is in Total trading results in the Statements of Income and Expenses.

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

6. 
 Fair Value Measurements: 
 Fair value is defined as the value that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the
lowest priority to fair values derived from unobservable inputs (Level 3). The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls shall be determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to
the fair value measurement in its entirety. The fair value of exchange-traded futures, forward and option contracts is
determined by the various exchanges, and reflects the settlement price for each contract as of the close of business on the last business day of the reporting period. The fair value of foreign currency forward contracts is extrapolated on a forward
basis from the spot prices quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period from various exchanges. The fair value of non-exchange-traded foreign currency option
contracts is calculated by applying an industry standard model application for options valuation of foreign currency options, using as input the spot prices, interest rates and option implied volatilities quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.)
on the last business day of the reporting period. U.S. Treasury bills are valued at the last available bid price received from independent pricing services as of the close of the last business day of the reporting period. 
 The Trading Company considers prices for commodity futures, swap and option contracts to be based on unadjusted quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets and liabilities (Level 1). The values of U.S. Treasury bills, non-exchange-traded forward, swap and certain option contracts for which market quotations are not readily
available are priced by pricing services that derive fair values for those assets and liabilities from observable inputs (Level 2). As of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Trading Company did not hold any derivative
instruments that were priced at fair value using unobservable inputs through the application of the Trading Manager s assumptions and internal valuation pricing models (Level 3). 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Total 
 
 Level 1 
 
 Level 2 

Level 3 

Assets 

Futures 

8,414,145 

8,414,145 

- 

- 

Options purchased 

5,126,189 

5,126,189 

- 

- 

Total assets 

13,540,334 

13,540,334 

- 

- 

Liabilities 

Futures 

6,887,725 

6,887,725 

- 

- 

Total liabilities 

6,887,725 

6,887,725 

- 

- 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Total 
 
 Level 1 
 
 Level 2 

Level 3 

Assets 

Futures 

12,412,516 

12,412,516 

- 

- 

Options purchased 

1,595,980 

1,595,980 

- 

- 

Total assets 

14,008,496 

14,008,496 

- 

- 

Liabilities 

Futures 

3,762,504 

3,762,504 

- 

- 

Total liabilities 

3,762,504 

3,762,504 

- 

- 

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

7. 
 Financial Instrument Risk: 
 The Members investments in the Trading Company expose the Members to various types of risks that are associated with
Futures Interests trading and markets in which the Trading Company invests. The significant types of financial risks which the Trading Company is exposed to are market risk, liquidity risk, counterparty credit risk and changes in interest rates.
 The rapid fluctuations in the market prices of Futures Interests in which the Trading Company invests and changes in
interest rates make the Members investments volatile. If Northlander incorrectly predicts the direction of prices in the Futures Interests in which it invests, large losses may occur. 
 Illiquidity in the markets in which the Trading Company invests may cause less favorable trade prices. Although Northlander
will generally purchase and sell actively traded contracts where last trade price information and quoted prices are readily available, the prices at which a sale or purchase occur may differ from the prices expected because there may be a delay
between receiving a quote and executing a trade, particularly in circumstances where a market has limited trading volume and prices are often quoted for relatively limited quantities. 
 The credit risk on Futures Interests arises from the potential inability of counterparties to perform under the terms of the
contracts. The Trading Company has credit risk and concentration risk, as MS Co. or an MS Co. affiliate are counterparties or brokers with respect to the Trading Company s assets. The Trading Company s exposure to credit risk
associated with counterparty nonperformance is typically limited to the cash deposits with, or other form of collateral held by, the counterparty. The Trading Company s assets deposited with MS Co. or its affiliates are segregated or
secured in accordance with the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations of the CFTC and are expected to be largely held in non-interest bearing bank accounts at a U.S. bank or banks, but may also be invested
in any other instruments approved by the CFTC for investment of customer funds. Exchange-traded futures, exchange-traded forward and exchange- traded futures-styled option contracts are marked to market on a daily basis, with variations in value
settled on a daily basis. With respect to the Trading Company s non-exchange-traded forward currency contracts and forward currency option contracts, there are no daily settlements of variation in value,
nor is there any requirement that an amount equal to the net unrealized gains (losses) on such contracts be segregated. However, the Trading Company is required to meet margin requirements with the counterparty, which is accomplished by daily
maintenance of the cash balance in a custody account and U.S. Treasury bills held at MS Co. With respect to those non-exchange-traded forward currency contracts, the Trading Company is dependent upon the
ability of MS Co., the counterparty on such contracts, to perform. The Trading Company has a netting agreement with the counterparty. These agreements, which seek to reduce both the Trading Company s and the counterparty s exposure on non-exchange-traded forward currency contracts, should materially decrease the Trading Company s credit risk in the event of MS Co. s bankruptcy or insolvency. 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Trading Company enters into contracts and agreements that contain various
representations and warranties and which provide general indemnifications. The Trading Company s maximum exposure under these arrangements cannot be determined, as this could include future claims that have not yet been made against the Trading
Company. The Trading Company considers the risk of any future obligation relating to these indemnifications to be remote. 
 Since its discovery in December 2019, a new strain of coronavirus, which causes the viral disease known as COVID-19, has spread from China to many other countries, including the United States. The outbreak has been declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization, and the U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary has
declared a public health emergency in the United States in response to the outbreak. 

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and related
voluntary and government-imposed social and business restrictions has impacted global economic conditions and adversely affected various industries (including, but not limited to, transportation, hospitality and entertainment), resulting in
volatility in the global financial markets, disruption in global supply chains, increased unemployment, and operational challenges such as the temporary and permanent closures of businesses, sheltering-in-place directives and increased remote work protocols. If the pandemic continues to be prolonged or the actions of governments and central banks are unsuccessful, including actions to facilitate
the comprehensive distribution of effective vaccines, the adverse impact on the global economy will deepen. Given the
continuing development of this situation, it is not possible to accurately predict how the market disruptions caused by COVID-19 will further impact the U.S. and other world economies or the value of the
Trading Company s investments, or for how long the effects of such events will continue. Nevertheless, the novel coronavirus continues to present material uncertainty and risk with respect to the Trading Company s investments and
operations. On February 22, 2022, the United States and several European nations announced sanctions against Russia
in response to Russia s mobilization of forces and threat of invasion of the Ukraine, and governments around the world imposed, and may in the future impose, additional sanctions on Russia in response to its continued escalation of this
conflict. On February 24, 2022, Russian President Putin commenced a full-scale invasion of Russia s pre-positioned forces into the Ukraine. The conflict has created volatility in the price of various
commodities and may have a negative impact on business activity globally, and therefore could adversely affect the performance of the Trading Company s investments. Furthermore, uncertainties regarding the conflict between the two nations and
the varying involvement of the United States and other NATO countries preclude prediction as to the ultimate impact on global economic and market conditions, and, as a result, presents material uncertainty and risk with respect to the Trading
Company and the performance of its investments or operations, and the ability of the Trading Company to achieve its investment objectives. Additionally, to the extent that investors, service providers and/or other third parties have material
operations or assets in Russia or Ukraine, they may have their operations disrupted and/or suffer adverse consequences related to the ongoing conflict. 

8. 
 Members Capital: 

a. 
 Members Capital . The Members Capital of the Trading Company is equal to the total assets
of the Trading Company (including, but not limited to, all cash and cash equivalents, U.S. Treasury bills, at fair value, net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts, options purchased, at fair value and other assets) less all liabilities
(including, but not limited to, net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts, options written, at fair value, accrued professional fees and redemptions), determined in accordance with GAAP. 

b. 
 Capital Contributions . Capital contributions by the Members may be made monthly pending Ceres 
approval. Such capital contributions will increase each contributing Member s pro-rata share of the Trading Company s Members Capital. 

c. 
 Capital Withdrawals . Generally, each Member may withdraw all or a portion of its capital
contributions and undistributed profits, if any, from the Trading Company as of the end of any month (the Redemption Date after a request for redemption has been made to the Trading Manager at least three days in advance of the
Redemption Date. However, a Member may request a withdrawal as of the end of any day if such request is received by the Trading Manager at least three days in advance of the proposed withdrawal day. 

d. 
 Distributions . Distributions, other than capital withdrawals, are made on a pro-rata basis at the sole discretion of Ceres. No distributions have been made to date. Ceres does not intend to make any distributions of the Trading Company s profits, except for distribution of interest
income to feeder funds, as applicable. 

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

9. 
 Financial Highlights: 
 Financial highlights for the non-managing Members as a whole for the years ended
December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Ratios to Average Members Capital: 

Net investment income (loss) 

0.9 

(0.9) 

(0.4) 

Operating expenses 

0.3 

0.9 

0.7 

Total return 

35.1 

142.3 

2.2 

Interest income less total expenses. 
 The above ratios and total return may vary for individual investors based on the timing of capital transactions during the
year. Additionally, these ratios are calculated for the non-managing Members share of income, expenses and average Members capital. 

10. 
 Subsequent Events: 
 The Trading Manager evaluates events that occur after the balance sheet date but before and up until financial statements are
available to be issued. The Trading Manager has assessed the subsequent events through March 17, 2023, the date the financial statements were available to be issued and has determined that there were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to
or disclosure in the financial statements. 

</EX-99.2>

<EX-99.3>
 8
 d446320dex993.htm
 EX-99.3

EX-99.3 

Exhibit 99.3 
 To the Non-Managing Members of 
 CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC To the best
of the knowledge and belief of the undersigned, the information contained herein is accurate and complete. 

By: 
 
 Patrick T. Egan 

President and Director 

Ceres Managed Futures LLC 

Trading Manager, 

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 

Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 522 Fifth Avenue New York, NY 10036 
 (855) 672-4468 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Managing Member of CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC, 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements We
have audited the accompanying statement of financial condition of CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC (the Trading Company ), including the condensed schedule of investments, as of December 31, 2022, the related statements of income and
expenses, and changes in members capital for the period from May 1, 2022 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Trading Company at December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and changes in its members capital for the period from May 1, 2022
(commencement of operations) through December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Basis for Opinion
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Trading Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Trading Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with
respect to the Trading Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the
United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Trading Company is not
required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of the Trading Company s internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not
for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Trading Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned
as of December 31, 2022, by correspondence with the custodian and brokers. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to those charged with governance and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. We determined that
there are no critical audit matters. 

We have served as the auditor of the Trading Company since 2022. 
 Boston, MA March 17, 2023 

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 Statement of Financial Condition 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2022 

Assets: 

Equity in trading account: 

Unrestricted cash (Note 2e) 

30,034,294 

Restricted cash (Note 2e) 

9,105,106 

Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts 

5,445,715 

Options purchased, at fair value (premiums paid 782,652 at December 31, 2022) 

810,557 

Total equity in trading account 

45,395,672 

Total assets 

45,395,672 

Liabilities and Members Capital: 

Liabilities: 

Net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts 

1,118,121 

Options written, at fair value (premiums received 819,197 at December 31, 2022 

595,564 

Accrued expenses: 

Professional fees 

68,001 

Redemptions payable (Note 8c) 

116,597 

Total liabilities 

1,898,283 

Members Capital: 

Managing Member 

- 

Non-Managing Members 

43,497,389 

Total Members capital (net asset value) 

43,497,389 

Total liabilities and Members capital 

45,395,672 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 Condensed Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 

Notional )/ Number of Contracts 

Fair Value 
 
 of Members Capital 

Futures Contracts Purchased 

Metals 

714 

629,208 

1.45 

Total futures contracts purchased 

629,208 

1.45 

Futures Contracts Sold 

Currencies 

62 

(140,689) 

(0.32) 

Metals 

SGX IRON ORE 62 ; Mar 23 

318 

(676,844) 

(1.56) 

SGX IRON ORE 62 ; Feb 23 

168 

(542,411) 

(1.25) 

Other 

175 

(387,385) 

(0.89) 

Total futures contracts sold 

(1,747,329) 

(4.02) 

Net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts 

(1,118,121) 

(2.57) 

Unrealized Appreciation on Open Forward Contracts 

Metals 

LME COPPER FUTURE; Dec 23 

28,736,055 

2,665,082 

6.13 

LME NICKEL FUTURE; Dec 23 

17,359,780 

1,706,070 

3.92 

LME NICKEL FORWARD; Sep 22 

11,710,663 

1,206,569 

2.77 

LME COPPER FUTURE; Dec 24 

13,800,831 

1,103,795 

2.54 

LME NICKEL FUTURE; Dec 24 

3,203,555 

804,757 

1.85 

LME COPPER FUTURE; Jan 23 

12,047,740 

538,793 

1.24 

Other 

109,794,250 

6,411,658 

14.74 

Total unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts 

14,436,724 

33.19 

Unrealized Depreciation on Open Forward Contracts 

Metals 

LME COPPER FUTURE; Dec 23 

9,767,200 

(800,451) 

(1.84) 

LME NICKEL FUTURE; Dec 24 

9,147,934 

(777,410) 

(1.79) 

LME NICKEL FUTURE; Dec 23 

5,054,787 

(672,571) 

(1.55) 

LME NICKEL FUTURE; Dec 25 

2,705,257 

(439,895) 

(1.01) 

Other 

116,001,784 

(6,300,682) 

(14.48) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts 

(8,991,009) 

(20.67) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts 

5,445,715 

12.52 

Options Purchased 

Calls 

Metals 

233 

766,907 

1.76 

Puts 

Metals 

40 

43,650 

0.10 

Total options purchased (premiums paid 782,652) 

810,557 

1.86 

Options Written 

Calls 

Metals 

239 

(425,847) 

(0.98) 

Puts 

Metals 

110 

(169,717) 

(0.39) 

Total options written (premiums received 819,197) 

(595,564) 

(1.37) 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 Statement of Income and Expenses 
 For the period from May 1, 2022 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2022 

2022 

Investment Income: 

Interest income 

476,902 

Expenses: 

Brokerage, clearing and transaction fees (Note 2h) 

112,333 

Professional and other fees 

68,053 

Total expenses 

180,386 

Net investment income (loss) 

296,516 

Trading Results: 

Net gains (losses) on trading of commodity interests: 

Net realized gains (losses) on closed contracts 

(5,686,996) 
 
 Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on open contracts 

4,579,132 

Total trading results 

(1,107,864) 

Net income (loss) 

(811,348) 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 Statement of Changes in Members Capital 
 For the period from May 1, 2022 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2022 

Managing Member 

Non-Managing Members 
 
 Total 

Members Capital, May 1, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

Capital contributions - Non-Managing Members 

- 

45,300,000 

45,300,000 

Capital withdrawals - Non-Managing Members 

- 

(514,361) 

(514,361) 
 
 Distribution of interest income to feeder funds 

- 

(476,902) 

(476,902) 
 
 Net income (loss) 

- 

(811,348) 

(811,348) 

Members Capital, December 31, 2022 

- 

43,497,389 

43,497,389 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

1. 
 Organization: 
 CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC (the Trading Company was formed on July 8, 2021, as a Delaware limited liability
company under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (the Act ), to engage in the speculative trading of commodities, domestic and foreign futures contracts, forward contracts, foreign exchange commitments, options on physical
commodities and on futures contracts, spot (cash) commodities and currencies, exchange of futures contracts for physicals transactions, exchange of physicals for futures contracts transactions, and any rights pertaining thereto (collectively,
 Futures Interests (refer to Note 4, Financial Instruments ). The Trading Manager (as defined below) may also determine to invest up to all of the Trading Company s assets in United States U.S. Treasury
bills and/or money market mutual funds, including money market mutual funds managed by Morgan Stanley or its affiliates. The Trading Company commenced operations on May 1, 2022. 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC Ceres , the Managing Member or the Trading Manager is the
trading manager and the managing member of the Trading Company. Ceres is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley Domestic Holdings, Inc. MSD Holdings ). MSD Holdings is ultimately owned by Morgan Stanley. Morgan Stanley is a publicly
held company whose shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Morgan Stanley is engaged in various financial services and other businesses. 
 Ceres has retained Drakewood Capital Management Limited Drakewood or the Advisor to trade Futures
Interests on behalf of the Trading Company. Each member (each investor in the Trading Company, a Member invests its assets in the Trading Company, which allocates substantially all of its assets in the trading program of Drakewood, an
unaffiliated commodity trading advisor registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC ), which makes investment decisions for the Trading Company. As of December 31, 2022, Ceres Orion L.P. Orion (a New York
limited partnership) and Ceres Tactical Commodity L.P. Tactical Commodity (a New York limited partnership) were the Members of the Trading Company and owned approximately 68.2 and 31.8 of the Trading Company, respectively. 
 The clearing commodity broker for the Trading Company is Morgan Stanley Co. LLC MS Co. ).
MS Co. also acts as the counterparty on the trading of foreign currency forward contracts. MS Co. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley. 
 The Trading Manager has delegated certain administrative functions to SS C Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
currently doing business as SS C GlobeOp (the Administrator ). Pursuant to a master services agreement, the Administrator furnishes certain administrative, accounting, regulatory reporting, tax and other services as agreed from time
to time. In addition, the Administrator maintains certain books and records of the Trading Company. 

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

2. 
 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: 

a. 
 Use of Estimates . The preparation of financial statements and accompanying notes in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires the Trading Manager to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses, and related
disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the financial statements and accompanying notes. As a result, actual results could differ from these estimates, and those differences could be material. 

b. 
 Statement of Cash Flows . The Trading Company has not provided a Statement of Cash Flows, as permitted
by Accounting Standards Codification ASC 230, Statement of Cash Flows. The Statements of Changes in Members Capital are included herein. As of December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 1, 2022
(commencement of operations) to December 31, 2022, the Trading Company carried no debt and all of the Trading Company s investments were carried at fair value and classified as Level 1 or Level 2 measurements.

c. 
 Trading Company s Investments . All Futures Interests held by the Trading Company, including
derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments, are held for trading purposes. The Futures Interests are recorded on trade date and open contracts are recorded at fair value (as described in Note 6, Fair Value
Measurements at the measurement date. Gains or losses are realized when contracts are liquidated and are determined using the first-in, first-out method.
Unrealized gains or losses on open contracts are included as a component of equity in trading account in the Statements of Financial Condition. Net realized gains or losses and net change in unrealized gains or losses are included in the Statements
of Income and Expenses. 

d. 
 Foreign Currency Transactions and Translation . The Trading Company s functional currency is the
U.S. dollar; however, the Trading Company may transact business in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars at the rate in effect at the date
of the Statements of Financial Condition. Income and expense items denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars at the rate in effect during the period. The effects of changes in foreign currency exchange
rates on investments are not segregated in the Statements of Income and Expenses from the changes in market price of those investments, but are included in net realized gains (losses) on closed contracts and net change in unrealized gains (losses)
on open contracts in the Statements of Income and Expenses. 

e. 
 Restricted and Unrestricted Cash . The cash held by the Trading Company available for trading in
Futures Interests is on deposit in a commodity brokerage account with MS Co. The Trading Company s restricted cash is equal to the cash portion of assets on deposit to meet margin requirements, as determined by the exchange or counterparty,
and required by MS Co. At December 31, 2022, the amount of cash held for margin requirements was 9,105,106. 

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

f. 
 Income Taxes . Income taxes have not been recorded as each Member is individually liable for the
taxes, if any, on its share of the Trading Company s income and expenses. The Trading Company follows the guidance of ASC 740, Income Taxes, which prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for financial
statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing the Trading Company s tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are
 more-likely-than-not of being sustained when challenged or when examined by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions determined not to meet the more-likely- than-not threshold would be recorded as a tax benefit or liability in the Statements of Financial Condition for the current year. If a tax position does not meet the minimum statutory threshold to avoid the
incurring of penalties, an expense for the amount of the statutory penalty and interest, if applicable, shall be recognized in the Statements of Income and Expenses in the years in which the position is claimed or expected to be claimed. The Trading
Manager has concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions that would require recognition in the financial statements. The Trading Company files U.S. federal and various state and local tax returns. No income tax returns are
currently under examination. All periods since inception remain subject to examination by U.S. federal and most state tax authorities. 

g. 
 Investment Company Status The Trading Company has been deemed to be an investment company since
inception. Accordingly, the Trading Company follows the investment company accounting and reporting guidance of Accounting Standards Update 2013-08, Financial Services Investment Companies
(Topic 946): Amendments to the Scope, Measurement and Disclosure Requirements and reflects its investments at fair value with unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value reflected in the Statements of Income and
Expenses. 

h. 
 Brokerage, Clearing and Transaction Fees . The Trading Company accrues and pays brokerage, clearing
and transaction fees to MS Co. Brokerage fees are paid as they are incurred on a half-turn basis at 100 of the rates that MS Co. charges retail commodity customers and parties that are not clearinghouse members. In addition, the Trading
Company pays transaction and clearing fees as they are incurred. 

i. 
 Equity in Trading Account . The Trading Company s asset Equity in trading account, 
reflected in the Statements of Financial Condition, consists of (a) cash on deposit in the commodity brokerage account with MS Co., a portion of which is used as margin for trading, (b) net unrealized appreciation on open futures and
forward contracts, if any, which are at fair value and calculated as the difference between the original contract value and fair value, as applicable, (c) options purchased, at fair value, if any and (d) U.S. Treasury bills, at fair value,
if any. The Trading Company, in its normal course of business, enters into various contracts with
MS Co. acting as its commodity broker. Pursuant to the brokerage agreement with MS Co., to the extent that such trading results in unrealized gains or losses, these amounts are offset for the Trading Company and are reported on a net basis
in the Statements of Financial Condition. The Trading Company has offset its unrealized gains or losses on forward
contracts executed with the same counterparty as allowable under the terms of its master netting agreement with MS Co. as the counterparty on such contracts. The Trading Company has consistently applied its right to offset. 

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

j. 
 Dissolution of the Trading Company . The Trading Company shall be dissolved upon the first of the
following events to occur: 

(1) 
 The sole determination of Ceres; 

(2) 
 The written consent of the Members holding not less than a majority interest in capital with or without cause;
or 

(3) 
 The occurrence of any other event that causes the dissolution of the limited liability company under the Act.

3. 
 Advisor: 
 Ceres has retained Drakewood to make all trading decisions for the Trading Company. 
 Fees are paid to Drakewood directly by the Members in accordance with the compensation provisions of the relevant management
agreements between each Member and Drakewood. 

4. 
 Financial Instruments: 
 The Advisor trades Futures Interests on behalf of the Trading Company. Futures and forwards represent contracts for delayed
delivery of an instrument at a specified date and price. The fair value of an exchange- traded contract is based on the settlement price quoted by the exchange on the day with respect to which fair value is being determined. If an exchange-traded
contract could not have been liquidated on such day due to the operation of daily limits or other rules of the exchange, the settlement price will be equal to the settlement price on the first subsequent day on which the contract could be
liquidated. Futures Interests are fair valued as discussed in Note 6, Fair Value Measurements. The Trading
Company s contracts are accounted for on a trade-date basis. Gains or losses are realized when contracts are liquidated and are determined using the first-in, 
 first-out method. 

5. 
 Trading Activities: 
 The Trading Company s objective is to profit from speculative trading in Futures Interests. Therefore, the Advisor for
the Trading Company will take speculative positions in Futures Interests where it feels the best profit opportunities exist for its trading strategy. As such, the average number of contracts outstanding in absolute quantity (the total of the open
long and open short positions) has been presented as a part of the volume disclosure, as position direction is not an indicative factor in such volume disclosures. 
 None of the Trading Company s current contracts are traded over-the-counter, although contracts may be traded over-the-counter in the future. 
 All of the Futures Interests owned by the Trading Company are held for trading purposes. The monthly average number of futures
contracts traded during the period from May 1, 2022 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2022 was 1,011. The monthly average number of metals forward contracts traded during the period from May 1, 2022 (commencement of operations) to
December 31, 2022 was 2,552. The monthly average number of option contracts traded during the period from May 1, 2022 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2022 was 1,096. 

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 The following table summarizes the gross and net amounts recognized relating
to the assets and liabilities of the Trading Company s derivative instruments and transactions eligible for offset subject to master netting agreements or similar agreements as of December 31, 2022. 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Gross Amounts Recognized 
 
 Gross Amounts Offset in the Statements of Financial Condition 
 
 Amounts Presented in the Statements of Financial Condition 
 
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the 

Statements of Financial Condition 

Financial Instruments 
 
 Cash Collateral Received/Pledged 
 
 Net Amount 

Assets 

Futures 

644,361 

(644,361) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Forwards 

14,436,724 

(8,991,009) 

5,445,715 

- 

- 

5,445,715 

Total assets 

15,081,085 

(9,635,370) 

5,445,715 

- 

- 

5,445,715 

Liabilities 

Futures 

(1,762,482) 

644,361 

(1,118,121) 

- 

1,118,121 

- 

Forwards 

(8,991,009) 

8,991,009 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total liabilities 

(10,753,491) 

9,635,370 

(1,118,121) 

- 

1,118,121 

- 

Net fair value 

5,445,715 

In the event of default by the Trading Company, MS Co., the Trading Company s commodity futures
broker and a counterparty to certain of the Trading Company s non-exchange-traded contracts, as applicable, has the right to offset the Trading Company s obligation with the Trading Company s
cash and/or U.S. Treasury bills held by MS Co., thereby minimizing MS Co. s risk of loss. In certain instances, a counterparty may not post collateral and as such, in the event of default by such counterparty, the Trading Company is
exposed to the amount shown in the Statements of Financial Condition. In the case of exchange-traded contracts, the Trading Company s exposure to counterparty risk may be reduced since the exchange s clearinghouse interposes its credit
between buyer and seller and the clearinghouse s guarantee funds may be available in the event of a default. In some instances, the actual collateral received and/or pledged may be more than the amount shown due to overcollateralization.

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 The following table indicates the Trading Company s gross fair values of
derivative instruments of futures, forwards and options contracts as separate assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022. 

December 31, 2022 

Assets 

Futures Contracts 

Currencies 

6,500 

Metals 

637,861 

Total unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

644,361 

Liabilities 

Futures Contracts 

Currencies 

(147,189) 

Metals 

(1,615,293) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts 

(1,762,482) 

Net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts 

(1,118,121) 

Assets 

Forward Contracts 

Metals 

14,436,724 

Total unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts 

14,436,724 

Liabilities 

Forward Contracts 

Metals 

(8,991,009) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts 

(8,991,009) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts 

5,445,715 

Assets 

Options Purchased 

Metals 

810,557 

Total options purchased 

810,557 

Liabilities 

Options Written 

Metals 

(595,564) 

Total options written 

(595,564) 

This amount is in Net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts in the Statement of
Financial Condition. 

This amount is in Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts in the Statement of
Financial Condition. 

This amount is in Options purchased, at fair value in the Statement of Financial Condition.

This amount is in Options written, at fair value in the Statement of Financial Condition.

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 The following table indicates the trading gains and losses, by market sector,
on derivative instruments for the period ended December 31, 2022. 

Sector 
 
 2022 

Currencies 

757,676 

Metals 

(1,865,540) 

Total 

(1,107,864) 

This amount is in Total trading results in the Statement of Income and Expenses.

6. 
 Fair Value Measurements: 
 Fair value is defined as the value that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the
lowest priority to fair values derived from unobservable inputs (Level 3). The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls shall be determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to
the fair value measurement in its entirety. The fair value of exchange-traded futures, forward and option contracts is
determined by the various exchanges, and reflects the settlement price for each contract as of the close of business on the last business day of the reporting period. The fair value of foreign currency forward contracts is extrapolated on a forward
basis from the spot prices quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period from various exchanges. The fair value of non-exchange-traded foreign currency option
contracts is calculated by applying an industry standard model application for options valuation of foreign currency options, using as input the spot prices, interest rates and option implied volatilities quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.)
on the last business day of the reporting period. U.S. Treasury bills are valued at the last available bid price received from independent pricing services as of the close of the last business day of the reporting period. 
 The Trading Company considers prices for commodity futures, swap and option contracts to be based on unadjusted quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets and liabilities (Level 1). The values of U.S. Treasury bills, non-exchange-traded forward, swap and certain option contracts for which market quotations are not readily
available are priced by pricing services that derive fair values for those assets and liabilities from observable inputs (Level 2). As of December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 1, 2022 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2022,
the Trading Company did not hold any derivative instruments that were priced at fair value using unobservable inputs through the application of the Trading Manager s assumptions and internal valuation pricing models (Level 3). 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Total 
 
 Level 1 
 
 Level 2 
 
 Level 3 

Assets 

Futures 

644,361 

644,361 

- 

- 

Forwards 

14,436,724 

- 

14,436,724 

- 

Options purchased 

810,557 

810,557 

- 

- 

Total assets 

15,891,642 

1,454,918 

14,436,724 

- 

Liabilities 

Futures 

1,762,482 

1,762,482 

- 

- 

Forwards 

8,991,009 

- 

8,991,009 

- 

Options written 

595,564 

595,564 

- 

- 

Total liabilities 

11,349,055 

2,358,046 

8,991,009 

- 

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

7. 
 Financial Instrument Risk: 
 The Members investments in the Trading Company expose the Members to various types of risks that are associated with
Futures Interests trading and markets in which the Trading Company invests. The significant types of financial risks which the Trading Company is exposed to are market risk, liquidity risk, counterparty credit risk and changes in interest rates.
 The rapid fluctuations in the market prices of Futures Interests in which the Trading Company invests and changes in
interest rates make the Members investments volatile. If Drakewood incorrectly predicts the direction of prices in the Futures Interests in which it invests, large losses may occur. 
 Illiquidity in the markets in which the Trading Company invests may cause less favorable trade prices. Although Drakewood will
generally purchase and sell actively traded contracts where last trade price information and quoted prices are readily available, the prices at which a sale or purchase occur may differ from the prices expected because there may be a delay between
receiving a quote and executing a trade, particularly in circumstances where a market has limited trading volume and prices are often quoted for relatively limited quantities. 
 The credit risk on Futures Interests arises from the potential inability of counterparties to perform under the terms of the
contracts. The Trading Company has credit risk and concentration risk, as MS Co. or an MS Co. affiliate are counterparties or brokers with respect to the Trading Company s assets. The Trading Company s exposure to credit risk
associated with counterparty nonperformance is typically limited to the cash deposits with, or other form of collateral held by, the counterparty. The Trading Company s assets deposited with MS Co. or its affiliates are segregated or
secured in accordance with the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations of the CFTC and are expected to be largely held in non-interest bearing bank accounts at a U.S. bank or banks, but may also be invested
in any other instruments approved by the CFTC for investment of customer funds. Exchange-traded futures, exchange-traded forward and exchange- traded futures-styled option contracts are marked to market on a daily basis, with variations in value
settled on a daily basis. With respect to the Trading Company s non-exchange-traded forward currency contracts and forward currency option contracts, there are no daily settlements of variation in value,
nor is there any requirement that an amount equal to the net unrealized gains (losses) on such contracts be segregated. However, the Trading Company is required to meet margin requirements with the counterparty, which is accomplished by daily
maintenance of the cash balance in a custody account and U.S. Treasury bills held at MS Co. With respect to those non-exchange-traded forward currency contracts, the Trading Company is dependent upon the
ability of MS Co., the counterparty on such contracts, to perform. The Trading Company has a netting agreement with the counterparty. These agreements, which seek to reduce both the Trading Company s and the counterparty s exposure on non-exchange-traded forward currency contracts, should materially decrease the Trading Company s credit risk in the event of MS Co. s bankruptcy or insolvency. 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Trading Company enters into contracts and agreements that contain various
representations and warranties and which provide general indemnifications. The Trading Company s maximum exposure under these arrangements cannot be determined, as this could include future claims that have not yet been made against the Trading
Company. The Trading Company considers the risk of any future obligation relating to these indemnifications to be remote. 
 Since its discovery in December 2019, a new strain of coronavirus, which causes the viral disease known as COVID-19, has spread from China to many other countries, including the United States. The outbreak has been declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization, and the U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary has
declared a public health emergency in the United States in response to the outbreak. 

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and related
voluntary and government-imposed social and business restrictions has impacted global economic conditions and adversely affected various industries (including, but not limited to, transportation, hospitality and entertainment), resulting in
volatility in the global financial markets, disruption in global supply chains, increased unemployment, and operational challenges such as the temporary and permanent closures of businesses, sheltering-in-place directives and increased remote work protocols. If the pandemic continues to be prolonged or the actions of governments and central banks are unsuccessful, including actions to facilitate
the comprehensive distribution of effective vaccines, the adverse impact on the global economy will deepen. Given the
continuing development of this situation, it is not possible to accurately predict how the market disruptions caused by COVID-19 will further impact the U.S. and other world economies or the value of the
Trading Company s investments, or for how long the effects of such events will continue. Nevertheless, the novel coronavirus continues to present material uncertainty and risk with respect to the Trading Company s investments and
operations. On February 22, 2022, the United States and several European nations announced sanctions against Russia
in response to Russia s mobilization of forces and threat of invasion of the Ukraine, and governments around the world imposed, and may in the future impose, additional sanctions on Russia in response to its continued escalation of this
conflict. On February 24, 2022, Russian President Putin commenced a full-scale invasion of Russia s pre-positioned forces into the Ukraine. The conflict has created volatility in the price of various
commodities and may have a negative impact on business activity globally, and therefore could adversely affect the performance of the Trading Company s investments. Furthermore, uncertainties regarding the conflict between the two nations and
the varying involvement of the United States and other NATO countries preclude prediction as to the ultimate impact on global economic and market conditions, and, as a result, presents material uncertainty and risk with respect to the Trading
Company and the performance of its investments or operations, and the ability of the Trading Company to achieve its investment objectives. Additionally, to the extent that investors, service providers and/or other third parties have material
operations or assets in Russia or Ukraine, they may have their operations disrupted and/or suffer adverse consequences related to the ongoing conflict. 

8. 
 Members Capital: 

a. 
 Members Capital . The Members Capital of the Trading Company is equal to the total assets
of the Trading Company (including, but not limited to, all cash and cash equivalents, U.S. Treasury bills, at fair value, net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts, net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts, options
purchased, at fair value and other assets) less all liabilities (including, but not limited to, net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts, net unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts, options written, at fair value, accrued
professional fees and redemptions), determined in accordance with GAAP. 

b. 
 Capital Contributions . Capital contributions by the Members may be made monthly pending Ceres 
approval. Such capital contributions will increase each contributing Member s pro-rata share of the Trading Company s Members Capital. 

c. 
 Capital Withdrawals . Generally, each Member may withdraw all or a portion of its capital
contributions and undistributed profits, if any, from the Trading Company as of the end of any month (the Redemption Date after a request for redemption has been made to the Trading Manager at least three days in advance of the
Redemption Date. However, a Member may request a withdrawal as of the end of any day if such request is received by the Trading Manager at least three days in advance of the proposed withdrawal day. 

d. 
 Distributions . Distributions, other than capital withdrawals, are made on a pro-rata basis at the sole discretion of Ceres. No distributions have been made to date. Ceres does not intend to make any distributions of the Trading Company s profits, except for distribution of interest
income to feeder funds, as applicable. 

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

9. 
 Financial Highlights: 
 Financial highlights for the non-managing Members as a whole for the period from May
1, 2022 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

2022 

Ratios to Average Members Capital: 

Net investment loss 

1.1 

Operating expenses 

0.7 

Total return 

(2.1) 

Interest income less total expenses. 
 The above ratios and total return may vary for individual investors based on the timing of capital transactions during the
year. Additionally, these ratios are calculated for the non-managing Members share of income, expenses and average Members capital. 
 The ratios, excluding nonrecurring expenses, have been annualized. Total return has not been annualized. 

10. 
 Subsequent Events: 
 The Trading Manager evaluates events that occur after the balance sheet date but before and up until financial statements are
available to be issued. The Trading Manager has assessed the subsequent events through March 17, 2023, the date the financial statements were available to be issued and has determined that there were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to
or disclosure in the financial statements. 

</EX-99.3>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ck001227265-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ck001227265-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ck001227265-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ck001227265-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

